###Chapter 1
Chapter 1
*Colette*
“Leslie!” I call out down the empty hall, my heart racing and stomach twisting in fear. Of all the days for the Alpha’s daughter to disappear, she had to choose her wedding day. I frown at the door at the end of the hall, a sock on the handle, and I roll my eyes. Clearly, she has found herself a partner for the night and overslept. Not unusual for her lately.
I jiggle the door handle, finding it locked, and groan in annoyance as I reach into my hair and withdraw out a pin to pick the lock. The handle clicks, the door swinging open and I am slammed in the face with the divine smell of eucalyptus and cottonwood.
My wolf perks up, and my eyes grow wide when I step into the room, flipping on the switch and my heart stutters. Leslie sits at the foot of the bed wrapped in a white sheet, hair and makeup askew. She looks at me and her eyes grow wide, and then she covers her mouth as she runs toward the bathroom, retching along the way.
The sound of her vomiting floats through the silence, and I feel my stomach churning as well. I struggle with my wolf, trying like hell to resist the urge to look to the right and find the source of the smell.
My mate is in this room, but after seeing the state of Leslie, I’m not sure I’m ready to meet him. Not like this. My heart flutters and my chest aches simultaneously. If he is in here, then he’s been IN Leslie…and that’s enough to break my heart.
“Cole…” His voice is soft and full of regret, and it’s all it takes to break me. Grady. Heavens no…
“No…” I whimper, the tears welling up in my eyes as I clutch the bodice of the ridiculous dress Leslie asked me to wear as her personal aide.
His gentle hands grab my arm, the telltale sparks zipping through me and my heart sinks further into my gut. Grady tugs me toward him and the seconds bleed into what feels like minutes as I look up into my best friend’s face. The guy I have loved since I was little. The man who I was hoping to find as my mate today…and I did. In the most horrible way possible.
“You slept with Leslie?” I ask, swallowing down the burn of acid in my throat.
“We didn’t know how to tell you.” Leslie says from the bathroom door, her eyes red and face white as the sheet hiding her naked body, but I can see the glimmer of pleasure in her eyes, the way she is relishing in my pain.
“You guys are…” I turn my face away, hating the taste of the words on the tip of my tongue. “Together?”
“No,” Grady chuckles dryly, tugging me to him, my body igniting with his addictive touch.
“Yes.” Leslie counters with a growl.
“What?” Grady and I blink at her and her jaw clenches as she glares at Grady.
I wish I could disappear, escape from this awful nightmare as I try to free myself from his clutches. The room stinks of sweat and s*x and every second I stand here, the threat of falling to pieces turns into an inevitability. I need air. Fresh, untainted, clean air.
“I mean, you’ve been screwing me for months, Grady,” she scoffs. “We are more than f**k buddies at this point.”
“For months,” I repeat, her words echoing in my head as I yank free of Grady’s hold, trying to rub the filth of him off my skin. The hurt in his eyes makes me second guess myself for a moment before I stumble back to get further from him. He is suffocating, his scent swirling around me, almost calming until I smell her on him. The overly sweet vanilla and cinnamon that makes me queasy.
“Almost three months, if you want to be precise.” Leslie says with an unbothered shrug.
My eyes fly wide, my head whipping to Grady for confirmation, and he drops his chin in defeat, shoulders deflating. His bare chest heaves up and down as though the air from the room is thin. For a moment he glances up, his eyes pleading as he reaches out for me and I flinch away.
“It was just s*x, Colette, I swear. I want my mate, I want you!” he steps closer and I shake my head no, a whimper slipping from my lips.
Grady growls as he paces away, his hands in his hair. He yells out in frustration. I notice something on his back and my heart stutters. Long pink trails where her nails dug into his back and there is no going back as the bile rushes up my throat, filling my mouth.
I push past Leslie, running to the bathroom, and I vomit the three cups of coffee I anxiously drank this morning in anticipation of today. The world spins around me as I lean over the toilet, feeling faint with the tears streaming as I heave painfully again.
I reach for a square of toilet paper and wipe my lips, tossing it into the trash and freeze when my eyes glimpse the long, white item sticking partially out. My heart thuds in my ears as I star eat it. The little blue plus sign. A positive pregnancy test.
“Leslie…” I call out in a shaky voice. “Grady is the only male you have been seeing?” My eyes slide closed, a prayer on my lips begging her to say that she has been with lots of men, that maybe there is a hope that Grady isn’t the father.
“Of course, I take our relationship seriously,” she announces proudly, and I bite back a sob. Grady was my light spot. The star in the bleak sky that lit my life. And now that star has turned into a black hole, sucking any chance I had at happiness.
“You are supposed to be getting married today.” I whisper, steadying myself in the bathroom’s doorway, my knees weak and vision blurry.
“Supposed to,” she says with a mischievous smirk.
“This isn’t just some random Alpha, Leslie.” Grady says, reminding her of her duty. She agreed to this union even though she doesn’t like the idea of it. And You don’t simply abandon the Alpha of Death because you don’t want to marry him AFTER you’ve agreed to it.
“I don’t want to be stuck with some ugly scarred alpha no one wants…” Leslie rolls her eyes
“He is THE Lycan King of Hidden Shadow pack!” I hiss. “WHat he looks like doesn’t matter. You have to get dressed, otherwise there will be a war!”
“No.” She growls back. “No, he will kill me when he finds out.” She slides her eyes to Grady, who has found himself at my back, his hand resting on my arms as he gently rubs a circle on my skin and I greedily accept his touch. I shouldn’t, but I am weak for Grady and anything he needs.
“Lots of women aren’t virgins when they mate or marry,” Grady offers.
He presses a kiss to the side of my head and my heart aches. He is choosing me, making a show so she knows he wants his mate. That he wants me, but he has no idea that it’s too late. I can see the pain in her eyes, but it is quickly replaced with a dark rage. Her hand flies to her belly, rubbing it and making a show.
“How many of them are pregnant with another man’s child, Grady?” She sneers, stepping closer to us. He tenses, his hands dropping from me and my tears slide down my cheek, just waiting for it, the moment he realizes what all of this means.
“What?”
“I’m pregnant.” She whispers, a small smile on her lips. “We are pregnant, Grady. I can’t marry him. Not now, not with your baby growing inside of me. ”
“No,” He breathes the word, his arms wrapping around me from behind as he presses into my back, clinging to me, killing me with every moment he holds on.
“Reject her.” She hisses, and he tightens his arms around me.
“Never.” He growls. Leslie scoffs and places her hands on her hip, acting like a petulant child, not getting her way.
“Then I will abort it.” She says with a sinister grin, then she shrugs. “Then Colette can have the constant reminder that your baby died because of her selfishness. We all know how much you would resent her.”
Grady’s hold loosens enough for me to know exactly where his mind is at. We have been best friends long enough for me to know how important family is to him. Unborn or not, that pup is his, and he would die for it.
I inhale his smell, pressing back into his chest, memorizing the feel of the mate bond. Every millisecond of finally being in his arms feels so perfect, but it ends too soon when he steps away, a sob breaking from him as he spins and kneels before me.
“Colette.” He whispers, clutching my hands. My body shakes, my throat aching from trying so hard not to weep in front of him. “Please don’t hate me,”
Tears stream down my face, my whole body shaking violently and my wolf howling in my head begging me to fight a battle I have no hope of winning.
“I, Grady, reject you, Colette as my m-mate,” he stutters and sobs as I step away with a gasp. My fingers clutch my chest, my mind muddled and vision all a blur as I nod in agreement. Then I turn to run out the door.
—Where is she? — I hear the alpha in my head and I grimace at the thought of telling him she isn’t coming. The door opens behind me and I look over my shoulder, watching as Leslie saunters over.
“You need to inform Lycan King Merikh that I won’t be coming.” She smirks. I don’t have the strength to argue with her. “My father says it will be better coming from a weaker female.”
“And if I say no?” I ask, knowing the consequence is likely to be a beating.
“Can’t,” she shrugs, walking backwards as Grady rushes out the door. He tries to come to me, but Leslie grabs his hands, pulling him away. “Dad will give you the alpha order any minute. Oh, and happy birthday by the way,” she grins as she preens over Grady, both of them watching me. I’ve had awful birthdays before but todays is by far the most painful.
— Stall the Lycan King until I can find a replacement, inform him Leslie will not be coming — The Alpha orders on cue and I sigh, spinning on my heels and leave my heart behind me
I rush to the ballroom in record time, only a minute to spare before Leslie is expected to walk down the aisle. As I pass the mirror on the wall, I freeze, wiping my face before pulling in three ragged breaths.
“You can do this Colette.” I recite, my nerves gnawing away at any real bravado I have, so I dig deep, turning to my anger and pain for strength as I move to the double doors and throw them open.
###Chapter 2
Chapter 2 
The man at the end of the aisle is impossible to miss, his back to me as he speaks with one of his own clan. I can only assume he is Alpha Merikh and my skin grows cold. My idle hands smooth the bodice of my dress as I try to focus on my erratic breathing, my nerves frayed as I march down the aisle toward potential doom. Each step brings me frighteningly closer to the mountain of a lycan.
I lick my lips, ready to give him the speech I whipped up, but I freeze as he turns to face me fully, my breath catching in my throat and eyes growing wide. I am utterly distracted by his looks. Eyes as green as emeralds, a facial structure carved by the heavens and an imposing aura that entraps you, draws you in. And much to my surprise, no scar marks his perfect face. I tilt my head, confused.
This can’t be Alpha Merikh. I’ve heard stories of the Alpha of Death and the scars that have kept him hidden for years. But this guy…this guy is ethereal. He is handsome in the truest form; he is literal perfection. How am I supposed to tell him his Alpha is being stood up?
“You do not look like the picture provided,” he says, his eyebrow arched in curiosity.
“You are not Alpha Merikh.” I say, dumbfounded. He looks amused, shoving his hands into his pockets, rocking
back on his feet.
“No?” He asks and I furrow my brows.
“I mean, are you…Alpha Merikh?” I whisper,
“You do not think I am, so I must not be,” He answers with a shrug and I feel a wave of relief come over me.
“I need you to give a message to your Alpha, or take me to him to deliver it myself. But it is urgent.” I rush out.
“I can deliver a message.”
Π
“His contracted mate will not attend the ceremony.” I tell him.
“Are you telling me that the treaty is dead?” He asks.
“No! No, they are going to find him a new mate. A better one.” I squeak out, looking around for Alpha Bentley, praying he hurries up before Alpha Merikh makes his way out expecting to start a ceremony that isn’t happening. at least not yet.
1/5
Chapter 2
“And who could be better than the Alpha’s daughter?” He raises a brow.
“Anyone would be better than Leslie.” I mutter under my breath.
“Then I should choose a mate of my own liking.” He offers. I stare at him horrified that he heard me then his words settle in and my horror turns to terror when I realize he is talking about himself which means… 
“Y–you are Alpha Merikh,” I whisper, awareness trickling down my spine as I force myself to meet his amused gaze. I just spoke like an equal to the Alpha of Death. The lycan king himself.
“I am?” he asks, a cocky grin on his plush lips. 
“I–i thought you would look different.” I stutter, wringing my hands, unsure of how to act in the presence of royalty. Am I supposed to bow?
“You expected a face full of scars?” he leans forward, whispering. “I have scars. Just not where you can see them
when I am clothed.” He winks at me and my cheeks heat.
“Colette,” Alpha Bentley says, rushing up to me. I’m not sure I have ever been happy to see this man but right now is an exception as he pulls Alpha Merikh’s attention from me. “Did you deliver the news to Alpha Merikh?”
“She has informed me.” Merikh says, his eyes locking back on mine as if we are in some silent battle I’m not privy
to.
“I have found you a replacement for my daughter.” Alpha Bentley rushes out, his eyes pleading for mercy.
“No need,” Merikh says, turning to face me once more, mischief swirling around him. “I will be choosing my own
mate.”
“Yes, I suppose that would be fair, given the circumstances.” Alpha Bentley grabs hold of my arm, dragging me away. “Come, Colette, Leslie is in need of you.”
Merikh growls possessively, taking my free arm and pulling me gently toward him. I gasp out in shock, an arm in each man’s hands as I look up at Alpha Merikh, confused.
“I want Colette. I will be taking her as my mate,” he announces and my mouth goes dry.
“Me?” I rasp out shocked, my eyebrows shooting up to my hairline as I try to process his insane request.
2/5
Chapter 2
+5
“Absolutely not.” Bentley tugs me toward him harder and Merikh releases his hold with a growl, his eyes growing dark. “Alpha Merikh, you don’t want her, I’m not sure you realize she is a maid. She takes care of Leslie and-” Alpha Bentley stammers, looking panicked.
“Colette, do you accept my offer?” He asks me directly.
“She does not get to speak for herself.” Alpha Bentley hisses, pushing me behind him.
“I don’t think you understand, Bentley.” Merikh steps into him, his imposing frame casting an ominous shadow over us as his lip twitches in anger. “I will have Colette or we will have a war. Is that understood?” 
“You don’t want me,” I whisper as he reaches around Bentley, and pulls me to his side, ignoring my protests. “I’m no one. I have no status. My mate rejected me.” I try like hell to get him to see he doesn’t want me. That I will eventually let him down and then he will just have to kill me off.
“I have made up my mind,” he turns to face me. “If you wish to back out then speak now and I will prepare my warriors for attack. I do not have time to make you feel like I want you for your virtues or your looks. Truth be told, you are oddly small and thin.”
His words aren’t loving or kind and I get the feeling I am nothing more than a pawn in some game. Yet the more I process his question the more I realize this is my way out. Forget the years of suffering or torment, I need to run
away. 
I need a place to go so I don’t have to watch the man I love raise a child with the woman whose life goal is to make my everyday literal hell. Alpha Merikh may look like an angel of death but his offer is the only one that promises me a life.
“Do you accept, Colette? Yes or no,” he asks once more and I nibble my lip and slowly nod my head.
“Yes,” I whisper, my chest hurting, and the room feeling suddenly smaller.
“Excellent.”
The next few moments move in a blur. Someone speaks, thanking everyone for gathering or something to that effect. I can’t focus because I am too stuck staring at the man who is forcing me, of all people, to be his mate. No, not forcing. Maybe he is saving me. But that doesn’t feel right either…
He takes my hand in his, leading me to the center of the aisle where we face each other. Our hands remain joined as he focuses solely on me.
3/5
“I, Alpha Merikh Hidden Shadows pack and The Lycan King, choose you, Colette, of the Black Mountain pack, to be my mate, my Luna.”
His words are firm and final as he speaks loudly for all to hear. I draw in a shaky breath. It should be me saying these words to Grady, promising myself to Grady, yet here I am acting on a broken heart and impulse. I hope when Grady hears of this it hurts him just as much as his betrayal is hurting me.
Merikh clears his throat, pulling me back to the here and now and I shake my head, my eyes closing as I focus on
the task at hand.
“Uh–1, Colette of the Black Mountain Pack, choose you, Alpha Merikh, to be my mate and my alpha.” I say, softly.
Merikh gives me a tight–lipped smile and my body buzzes with electricity. His eyes turn black as he pulls me close to his chest. Weak sparks flutter from his contact and I inhale sharply at the shock of it. I didn’t realize that chosen mates could also feel the sparks and my heart patters in delight.
Maybe this whole thing won’t be so bad? With Grady out of the picture I have nothing to lose but myself if I stay. This was my only choice. No, this was the right choice.
rage as she barrels
“Stop!” Leslie roars, her voice echoing off the walls. Her cheeks are pink and her eyes black in rage toward us dawning her scarlet red dress that clings to her curves.
Merikh loosens his hold on me and I adjust my dress, a sense of dread raining down on me as he watches her. A movement in the back draws my attention and my heart stutters when I see Grady, his eyes red and puffy and his face full of confliction as he watches me. Guilt rips through my core and I feel tears welling, threatening to spill down my cheeks.
A sudden pain blazes through my cheek as my head whips to the side and I blink trying to understand what is happening. When I turn to look at Leslie I find myself facing Merikh’s back as he stands in front of me
protectively.
“Rescind it.” Leslie growls. “Take back your claim on him Colette and I’ll forgive you for this screw up.”
M
Merikh laughs lightly, leaning closer to Leslie who squares her shoulders trying to look tough but she reeks of fear. He is unreadable as he tilts his head, looking her up and down.
“You will forgive her?” Merikh says, sounding bored. He takes a menacing step toward her “Do you think I am stupid? I do know what you have been up to over the past few months.” He growls, and she scoffs as though he
is crazy.
4/5
Chapter 2 
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” she says cooly, looking away from him. “No doubt lies from a
servant.”
+5
“She is a Luna,” He sneers, taking a step back from her like she isn’t worth his time.
He moves behind me and the panic in Leslie’s eyes over takes her usual brown, jealousy clearly lacing its way through her. She looks to the outskirt of the room and licks her lips before stepping closer to me. Merikh growls in warning but she ignores him.
“Grady is waiting for you.” She whispers moving closer to me and my heart skips a beat, my eyes drifting to him against the wall, where I see hope on his sullen face. “You have loved him as long as I can remember. You still have time to rekindle the bond. I give my blessing, all you have to do is take back your oath.”
Merikh chuckles like it’s a joke but I can’t bring myself to look at him. My heart yearns to be with Grady and reignite our bond. For as long as a girl can have a crush my heart has beat for him. My skin has longed for his touch. Is it really possible to back out, to save the bond that has already been broken with Grady?
I give into the stare I can feel from Merikh, looking up at him over my shoulder a glint in his eyes as he tries to read me. Then I look over at Grady hope written all over his face, his attention focused on me. Merikh’s face blocks my view of Grady and he reaches out, taking hold of my chin with his fingers, making sure he has my
undivided attention.
“You are mine now, little mate. Look at him like that again and I will kill him.” He whispers.
5/5
###Chapter 3
Chapter 3
I can feel Leslie's heated stare as I blink at Merikh trying to keep my fear at bay. With his lighthearted teasing I had almost forgotten who I mated myself too but I see his true nature in his eyes now. The feral Alpha of Death who commands respect wherever he goes. I understand his reaction to me looking at Grady. I am his Luna, as he keeps saying. Looking at another man longingly is a slap to his face.
"I understand Alpha," I bow my head to him, trying to figure out how to do this Luna thing. "Alpha Merikh," a man says, stepping up and whispering in his ear. He is slightly shorter than Merikh and his red hair highlights his pale face and little freckles. He looks much friendlier than his alpha.
"Colette, excuse me for just a moment," Merikh whispers in a low voice, stepping a few feet away from me to have a heated conversation with the redhead.
It takes Leslie a whole two seconds before she swoops in for another verbal assault.
"I can't believe you would be such a backstabbing cunt," she hisses, while offering smiles to those who pass and offering congratulations to me.
"I did nothing wrong." I insist, finding a little inner strength when I catch Merikh looking in my direction with curiosity in my eyes.
"If I had known he wasn't an ugly disfigured alpha, I would never have slept around so much." She mutters to herself with an irritated groan. I furrow my brows, trying to process everything she is saying.
"I thought you said you were only sleeping with Grady?" I ask, my voice breaking at the mention of his name. Leslie rolls her eyes and scoffs.
"That doesn't matter. What matters is, you stole what was mine the second you found out he was attractive."
"He chose me," I tell her, shocked. Her head falls back as she laughs loudly, her sardonic tune echoing back at us.
"No one would willingly choose you. Are you that idiotic? You are a weak, simpering sorry excuse for a werewolf. You have only successfully shifted like what? Twice in three years?" She crosses her arms over her chest waiting for an answer and embarrassment stains my face.
Leslie is right. Merikh wouldn't have accepted me if he knew my wolf hardly ever comes forward when beckoned. But then again I tried to tell him, so did Alpha Bentley, but he insisted he wanted
me.
"Why would you even want him now?" I ask "You are pregnant with Grady's pup. Is he not good enough now?"
"Of course he isn't." She scoffs, throwing her hands up in exasperation. "I never wanted Grady. I just knew you wanted him, so I figured why not fuck him? It was enough knowing I was destroying your precious little heart. But now you think you can choose someone more powerful? This is about you, Colette, always needing a reminder of where you belong. In the dirt, at my feet," she growls out as she lunges at me.
Her hand tangles in my hair as I gasp and clutch her wrist, trying to keep her from tossing me around. She grunts in pain, her body going slack and her eyes growing wide as I look up to see Merikh with his hand squeezing her throat.
"Release my Luna. Now." He whispers menacingly.
When she does, he steps away from her and moving behind me. The red-headed lycan sidles up behind her as he lifts his legs and kicks the back of her knees, sending her tumbling forward with a crack of her kneecaps and a cry of pain.
"Ask for forgiveness." He growls, squatting beside her, murder in his eyes.
I feel Merikh's heat, his hand coming to rest on my shoulder.
"For what?" She shricks, looking around for someone to save her but the hall has emptied, everyone rushing to the dining area for the promised feast.
"For insulting my mate." Merikh's chest rumbles, sending a shockwave down my spine. "I was patient. I afforded you more slanderous words than you deserved because of the treaty that was just established between our packs, but now...now you are bordering on declaring a war."
"I was just joking with her," Leslie stutters, her eyes filling with fear as she looks up at me. "Tell them Cole...I call her names all the time. It's our little game?"
I look over my shoulder at my new mate, pondering what it will be like living with him. He seems so gentle one moment and volatile the next.
"What are you going to do with her?" I ask him, and he smirks.
"What would you like us to do with her? She has offended you too many times and in doing so, she has insulted me personally and our pack. Where we are from, that is punishable by death."
My heart drops to my feet, blood leaching from my face as I swallow the dryness. Death? He wants to kill her? Leslie sobs, her hands reaching out for my ankles, her nails embedding into my skin. "No," I squeak. My mind swirls, the only thought saving the unborn pup of my best friend that is growing inside Leslie's womb. I shake my head, pleading, and he seems to frown. "She is pregnant," I whisper, and he seems surprised.
"Who is the father of the unborn child?" He asks Leslie, his foot pushing her hands away from me. "Grady..." she says on a whimper, a sob breaking from her. “I think..."
My heart aches. She thinks? I was rejected on the notion of the possibility of Grady being the father and she isn't even sure. I feel my world spin and a hand wraps around me, steadying me at my lower back. Merikh holds me close to him as he exhales.
"Get her ass out of here and keep her and Grady away from the feast."
I hear Leslie's quiet sobbing grow to silence as Merikh spins me to face him. He searches my face with a look of disappointment before sighing.
"I will allow you a few moments to feel sorry for your loss, Colette. This will be the one and only time I will allow you to mourn the loss of your mate."
"But the broken mate bond gives me a month," I whisper to his chest, my eyes slowly lifting to his face.
"One month and you can move on and find your second chance mate, yes. But you have me now, Colette, and my rules are very different, yet set in stone. If you wish to cry, do so now or where I will never hear of it. Do you understand?"
"Yes." I murmur, as his gaze finds mine and it feels like the air is ripped from the room.
He is devastatingly handsome, even without being fated to him. My insides feel like jelly. Merikh's fingers tickle the line of my jaw and little sparks blossom on my skin, making me shiver. I must make a sound as he chuckles deep in his chest.
"See, the bond is already sparking to life." He murmurs. "Now, let us go to the feast. We are expected,"
The feast is uneventful as wolves get drunk and dance while others eat their fill and I sit next to Merikh, unmoving, as he looks uncomfortable every time someone asks him to dance with me. After what feels like forever, Merikh stands and takes my hand in his.
"I would like to thank you all for coming to celebrate this union and our new treaty, but my new Luna and I are eager for some time alone. Please, stay and party to your heart's content." Everyone cheers as my cheeks, once again, grow red with the implications behind his words. He pulls me up as a chant breaks through the crowd.
"Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" Everyone slurs the word, but the meaning is there as their glazed eyes watch us with merry glee.
Merikh turns to face me, his hands sliding around my waist as he swoops down and steals a chaste kiss from my lips. My first kiss. My eyes nearly pop from my face in shock and he looks satisfied. "Come on Alpha Merikh!" The redhead from earlier hollers, "You can do better than that!" Merikh scowls at his friend and sighs heavily, I feel sick, like I am some cheap party trick, and he looks at me.
The world seems to spin on its axis as he brushes the hair gently from my face, his eyes scanning me before he cups my cheek and, ever so tenderly, he presses his soft lips to mine. My hands find his chest, pressing gently as I lean into him, into the kiss.
When his mouth opens, I follow his lead and his tongue traces over my lips before closing and coming back more forcefully. I hear nothing as I get lost in the kiss, my body responding in ways it only ever has for Grady, and I moan enough for him to hear.
Just as quickly as this kiss came on, he is tearing away from me and raising his arm, cheering like a wild man. I look for his eyes to find me again, trying to find a comfort there that maybe this was more than some silly show for the people screaming for entertainment, but it never comes as he drags me down the hall.
Merikh saunters over to the edge of the bed, loosening his tie as he sits, all the while his eyes stay trained on me. My mouth goes dry when he undoes the top button, and I clench my fingers into a fist. I'm his mate now and along with that title come...certain expectations. The kind I have never experienced before. I glance away, my cheeks burning with embarrassment as I wait for him to instruct me.
"What is wrong?" he asks, standing, his fingers move deftly down his button-up shirt. I gulp, the mate bond we created drawing me towards him. My wolf whines to be near him, to touch him and feel those sparks we were so convinced we would never get to feel again.
"I have..." I swallow, "How do you..."
Merikh chuckles, removing his shirt from his body as he takes a step closer. I step back on instinct, bumping into the chair behind me with a surprised 'oh'. He isn't just massive, he is a literal wall of defined muscle. He is perfection. My heart thumps wildly and I feel lightheaded.
"Calm yourself, Colette. I can sense your panic and your worries." He sighs, sounding bored. "I'm a virgin," I blurt out, watching his eyebrows shoot into his hairline, his lips twitch, then he shakes his head. "I-I am not sure I can do this....yet..."
"Did I ask?" He responds, sounding amused.
"No... It's just that... I mean...you are huge." I fumble over my words. He takes another step toward me, his lips in a full smile as he observes my freak out. "I don't mean huge as in down there-I mean, I guess I haven't even seen it to compare, so I can't really say it's not. But in general, you are a big alpha, that is what I mean."
"And you are scared?" He asks with a cocked brow.
I bite my lower lip, my legs shaking in fear. Will he force himself on me tonight? Do I not get a say in when we mate?
"We won't be consummating this union today." He says, reaching out and tilting my chin up with his index finger. His eyes find mine, making sure I am giving him my undivided attention.
"We won't?" I ask, tears of relief burning my eyes as I clutch my nervous stomach. "Not tonight, my little Luna. Not Tonight." He murmurs, "For now, we rest." He strips out of his black slacks and I swallow, spinning away from him.
"S-should I sleep on the couch?" I ask hopefully. His soft chuckle breaks through the room as the lights turn off and I hold my breath.
"I may be huge, as you say, but there is still space on the bed for you," he teases
"I don't have any clothes in here," I whisper into the darkness and he sighs. After a moment, something hits me in the face, and I quickly change into the oversized shirt. The chilly breeze nips at my exposed flesh as I run and jump into the bed, yanking the covers onto my cold body.
"Merikh...?" I whisper, and he groans. "Can I ask you a question?"
"what?" he says after a moment and an exasperated sigh.
"Does it bother you that I am a nobody?" "Clearly not if I accepted you." He says dryly, and I press my lips into an unimpressed smile.
"I am a maid. To the Alpha's daughter." I murmur, "My wolf is weak, hardly ever surfacing when she is called and my mate rejected me hours ago..."
He says nothing and for a moment I convince myself he has gone to sleep. Then the mattress dips beneath me and the light flickers on. Merikh turns to face me, his hand reaching out as he pulls some hair from my face.
"I know exactly what you are, my little Luna. Question is, do you?" He hums, twisting a strand of my hair between his fingers with a victorious smirk on his lips.
###Chapter 4
Chapter 4
I stare at Merikh's back; the moonlight filtering in and highlighting the jagged raised scars that litter his skin. My fingers itch to touch them, to trace it down under his shoulder blade and across his spine, but I don't.
He wasn't wrong when he said he carries many scars but not on his face. A deep gash catches my attention, and I sit up slightly, leaning in to get a better view. It looks like teeth marks and a chunk of his flesh was torn out.
My hand gently flutters across it, his hot skin sending a thrill up my arm and straight to my chest. What had he done to get these scars? Who had he fought and how awful was his pain? Questions rush to the forefront of my mind and I realize. Even with everything going on, the rejection, being mated-well, verbally mated to the scariest guy in the lycan and werewolf realms, he is just a man.
"Do they gross you out?" He asks and I jump, my hand recoiling from his skin as I blaze in embarrassment at getting caught.
"Where did you get them?" I ask him. Merikh sits up in the bed, his back muscles rippling around the scars that make up the majority of his skin.
"Do they gross you out?" he asks again and I frown.
"Of course not." I tell him, though he doesn't seem to believe me as he scoffs and reaches for a shirt. He tugs it over his head with a heavy sigh, then looks over his shoulder.
"When do we leave?" I ask, changing the subject as I watch him slide on a pair of denim pants and move toward the dresser.
"Are you eager to leave?" He asks, pausing and looking at me over his broad shoulder.
"yes..." I admit.
"Then we will leave now." He says. "All your stuff was packed and placed in the vehicle up last night." "But it's two in the morning..." I tell him, my mouth gaping open, the thought of not being able to say goodbye to Grady, rejected mate or not. He was the only light spot in my life for so long.
"I just want to be home with my Luna." He levels me with a stare and I gulp. "The pack will be excited to meet you."
I feel that thick sludge of shame creeping back up in my mind, and I look away. His pack will hate me when they sense how weak I am. Will I be some joke there too? Or worse, am 1 just the means to an end for a political statement and he has someone else back in his pack?
It would explain his desire to get home. His lack of wanting to be intimate as the mate bond dictates and even as we kissed I could feel His hesitation. My chest burns at the thought and I tuck a hair behind my car, trying not to think about it. I know I have no right to be upset. I'm barely a real werewolf. Of course, that is why he selected me.
I am weak, easy to manipulate, and less likely to comment on him having a preferred mistress. And why shouldn't he? It's not like I would promise him any strong heirs. No, I'm a pawn.
A piece on his chess board to further his reach in the werewolf lycan communities. And I'm okay with that. I think. But if that were true, then why does the thought make me want to throw up? "What is going on in that mind of yours?" He asks softly and I lift my eyes, my gaze clashing with his. I force a smile. But he doesn't seem to buy it, though he doesn't say anything either.
"Just excited to leave this place." I tell him honestly.
"Good. Percy will be here in a moment to take you to the SUV."
"Percy?" I ask
"The redhead. He is training to be a gamma." He says and I nod like I know what that means. I've never understood the role of a gamma as not all packs have one, like ours.
"Is it not a sign of disrespect to leave without informing the alpha first?" I ask him and he chuckles. "Is it not a sign of disrespect to be physically accosted by the Alpha's daughter when you are a
Luna?" He parries and I look away, ashamed.
A knock on the door saves me from the silence filling the room, and Percy enters, an excited grin on his face.
"The SUV is being pulled around as we speak. I can walk Luna Colette out, so you can go say the cordial goodbyes?" He asks, looking between us. I slide a glance to him, his eyes trained on me and he quirks a smile.
"No need, a disrespect must be returned. If Bentley takes issue with our leave, he will reach out to let me now and then I can inform him of his daughter's slights," he says, walking toward me.
His big, warm hand engulfs mine, the little sparks from our new bond rippling through my skin as he urges me along beside him. It's not entirely easy keeping up with a man about a solid foot or more taller than me, but I make sure to pick up my pace.
Not a single soul is up as we exit the front door and clamber into the black vehicle. Percy hops in the passenger's seat, and Merikh slides in next to me, his body imposing as it takes up more space than a normal person would. Again, he is a huge individual. And one whose thigh is pressed against. my leg.
As we drive along, the trees pass by, the moon light cascading down along the landscape dusting it with a beautiful glow outlining everything I have never seen in the area.
"Will you miss it?" Percy asks from the front, as I watch miles stretch by separating me from the pack that I called home. The pack that looked down on me and the people who made it their life's journey to all ways belittle me.
"No." I say firmly, knowing for a fact I will never miss this pack.
The only person I will ever miss is Grady. My stomach twists at the thought of him and move around in the seat trying to get comfortable and force him from my thoughts. Goosebumps erupt over my arms as I think about what life has a head for me. What my new pack will be like and if I will ever be accepted as their true Luna.
A warmth seems to radiate from Merikh, and I look up at him, catching him watching me with an amused look. Then he frowns and his arm lifts, swapping around the back of the seat, his hand resting on my shoulder and gently easing me into his open chest. My eyes roll to the back of my head as the warmth wraps around me and I can't help the sigh that breaks from my lips. "You are cold," he murmurs, and I shake my head.
"Not anymore...thank you." I offer, but he doesn't respond. He then clears his throat, his thumb rubbing circles on my upper arm as he seems to grow nervous.
"What do you like to do, Colette?" he asks, and I drop my head to the side in thought.
"When I have time, I like to read." I offer, but he doesn't seem satisfied.
"I mean, what hobbies do you have? You can't have tended to Leslie at all times?"
"I'm not sure what you are hoping for, but I have no talents, Alpha."
"Merikh. To you I am just Merikh," he whispers, leaning his head closer.
"Yes-Merikh," I say and I swear I feel him shiver.
"Do you not draw? Or garden or even sing?"
"Ha!" I giggle. "Drawing would require materials, which I would not have been granted. I would kill a garden if I had one. I would never be able to give it the time it needed."
"And singing?" he muses, and I shake my head.
"I am an awful singer." I say with a soft chuckle.
"Oh, I doubt that." He says sweetly and I smile up at him for the first time with a genuine, unscared smile. "Sing something for me,"
"Definitely not. If my status didn't scare you away, then there is no doubt my singing will. I was told my voice was so terrible it could kill any poor soul who had to hear it."
"Well then, I suppose we won't get you singing lessons anytime soon," he jokes, and I find myself at ease with him. "You will need to think of some hobbies or fun things you wish to do. You will be busy as a Luna, but you will also have free time to enjoy whatever you wish."
"Well, I do like to read a lot,"
"Then you should make use of the massive library we have."
My eyes light up in excitement. "We have a library?" I ask, turning my body to face him. Merikh's eyes grow wide, his mouth falling open as he yanks me close to his body and a loud crashing sound echoes through the air. Glass breaks and my body floats, slamming hard into the roof of the car. Our bodies tumble, Merikh trying to cling to me as I attempt to burrow my head into his massive safe chest.
It feels like we roll for ages, every rough landing bruising my body bone deep until the last one. A crunch vibrates up my leg and pain follows behind it as I inhale sharply and release a sobbing cry. When I look at my leg, I grow lightheaded, the blood pools around me as I focus on the white sharp sticking out of my flesh.
"Is that..." I murmur before falling back, dizzy and bile rushing to my lips at the sight of my bone slicing through my thigh.
The pain only grows more prevalent by the second as I reach out, feeling for Merikh. A hand grabs me and I cling to it, waiting for him to pull me to safety. Tears roll down my face as he roughly frees me from the tangled metal, and then he disappears.
I feel his hand on my ankle, then suddenly he tugs on me, making me cry out in sheer agony as dots dancing across my field of vision.
"Merikh," I whimper out, hoping to beg him to stop. "Please..."
I know my words are weak, barely audible as my consciousness wanes. "Colette!" I hear him scream and I force myself to look behind me, where I see him limping in my direction as I am pulled away. The pain is replaced with sheer terror as the person stops dragging me, dropping my leg haphazardly.
"You don't need to be awake for this bit," a deep voice murmurs, walking over to me, a hood darkening his face though I can see a glow of red in his eyes. Then an strikes my cheek with a dull thud and the world slowly fades away. The last thing I see and hear are Merikh's feral eyes and the roar of his beast coming to life.
###Chapter 5
Chapter 5
**MERIKH POV**
Something snaps in me when I see Colette. Rage rises in my chest unlike anything I have ever
felt and my lycan. surfaces without me calling to it. Any pain I had felt from the accident dissipates, a hunger for revenge replacing it as my lycan roars, and we barrel toward the asshole who has her.
He doesn't move as my massive frame crashes into his chest, his sternum creaking in warning before the twanging sound of his lower ribs breaking rings in my ears. I slam him into the edge of the asphalt, a s Not a moment is wasted as I straddle his b*dy and my claws rain down on him. Every strike release the copper taste of blood into the air, sprays landing on my snouted face. He breaks into a fit of laughter, a si I tilt my head to the side, watching the blood pool around him as I stand up. The red in his eyes seems to drain, the whites returning and revealing blue eyes that morph into pain. His face distorts, a cry breaking from him as he is consumed by injuries I have delivered. He convulses before his eyes roll to the back of his head, and his b*dy stills.
What the hell was that?
"Alpha!" I hear Percy screaming my name and I spin intime to catch a werewolf as it lunges for my face.
My claws sink into its flesh as I side step and spin, throwing his b*dy into the truck that hit us. His b*dy slams into a jagged edge of metal, piercing through his back and through his chest. When I slide my eyes to Percy again, he shifts into his lycan form and rushes to Colette's unmoving b*dy, fighting
off two men of his own. A tight gripping in my chest spurs me to take a step toward her and see another b*dy to my right.
Where the hell are these guys even coming from?
Pain sears the back of my thigh and I hiss, twisting to look down and glimpsing a wolf biting my leg, then bounding back, ready to fight. Her hackles rise and her blood stained lips curls, taunting me as I try to reach out to grab her. She is fast, much faster than the other two assholes.
I take a step forward to attack her when I hear a sound on the cement, a crunch of the broken glass as if
1/5
1091%
18:09
Chapter 5
something being dragged, and I understand this bitch doesn't want to fight me. She is a distraction.
I turn on my heels, sprinting toward Colette, ignoring the weight of the wolf on my back as she latches onto my back. I force the pain of her relentless biting away and focus on the man dragging Colette. He has
I hesitate only for a moment before getting close enough to lunge at the guy. Instead of tackling him, I grab hold of his n*ck with a raging roar and
hold him up. He releases her ankle and looks off into the forest behind me. I feel more weight at my
back, the trickle of blood dripping down my skin, and in frustration, my fingers twitch, crushing his windpipe with my beast claws.
I growl as I drop him to the ground and reach over my shoulder, trying to grab the one on my back but miss. I try again. Once more, she evades my claws. In frustration, I allow myself to fall backward, my gigar
I roll off her, scrambling over to Colette as I kneel, unsure of how to hold her. In lycan form I am an eight foot tall half man half lycan, my b*dy covered in muscle and fur, but my claws...
they are dangerous and I could hurt her. The last thing I want to do is hurt her more, so I lean forward, my arms framing her freckled face, and I see a cut over her eye.
My lycan whines dipping our head down, nuzzling our cool snout along her cheek, hoping to awaken her
though she does not move. I can hear her heartbeat, feel her warm breath so I know she is alive, but she is losing blood quickly and her leg needs healing fast.
I hear the roar of Percy's lycan and see him drop to his knees before three red-
eyed wolves. I jerk up to move, but catch the movement of more in my peripheral and I growl low in frustration. Where the hell are the rest of my pack who traveled with me? If I don't go to Percy, he likely will be killed. But I refuse to leave Colette exposed to these assholes' grabby hands.
I whimper in her ear, my razor sharp claw gingerly slipping around her as I pull her to my heaving chest. I sprint to Percy, clinging my luna close, then step behind the man closest to me before getting up behin sweaty n*ck.
The tang of warm
blood hits my tongue and my beast purrs in excitement. I spin on my massive feet, biting down to the vertebra as I spin, leaning forward to ensure he isn't close enough to grab for Colette, and then I twist my h Percy takes the moment to lunge for the legs of the second guy, his claws slicing through flesh and embedding
2/5
Chapter 5
+5
into femur. I take two steps toward the other asshole, who turns to face me as someone in human form tackles him. He lands on top, hammering his fists into the man's face before stopping short of killing him. "Want him alive?" Hayes, my beta, asks and a sense of relief washes over me. My eyes close, my lycan retreating, knowing we have our back up.
"He will be of no use. Look at his eyes. I don't think they will remember anything." I murmur, walking over to him. Percy pants in his human form, hunched over and his face as red as his hair as he slides a glare "Interesting," Hayes says, then he reaches down and swiftly and painlessly breaks the man's n*ck before turning to walk over to us.
"You are late," Percy hisses, rising to his feet.
"You were due to meet us, Percy. Not the other way around." He reminds him as he snaps to one of our warriors and catches a bag of clothing.
Hayes tosses a pair of shorts at Percy's face, who catches it with a growl before pulling them over his exposed lower half. He reaches out to hand me a pair of sweatpants and quirks a brow when he sees my h
release Colette.
"You expecting me to put them on you?" He asks with a smirk and I glare at him.
"I need a healer now. And somewhere soft to lay her." I order.
"There is some grass over the-"
I growl with my Alpha tone and his eyes grow wide in shock. He steps close to me, frustration in his eyes.
"I am your beta, but I am also your brother, Merikh. If you don't like an option given, use your big boy words, not your big boy voice."
"She is your Luna Hayes," I grit out. "Do you think the grass is where she belongs?
"When there is nowhere else?" he scoffs. "Then yes."
"Alpha, I will take her," our warrior medic says, putting his arms out. I scowl, taking a step pack and hugging her
close.
3/5
"No." I growl and Hayes frowns.
"You asked for a healer," He reminds me and she whimpers in my arms, the pain waking her.
"I promise to be gentle," my medic assures me and I reluctantly release her to him and he rushes off.
"So that's our Luna, huh?" Hayes says, tossing my sweatpants at me.
"Yes." I respond by shoving my leg through the pants violently.
"Doesn't look like much," he tilts his head and I freeze, fury racing through me as my lips twitch and I remind myself I can't kill my little brother. Even if he is really pissing me off.
"Watch how you talk about her," Percy says, pacing over.
"Watch how you talk to me," Hayes shoots back. "I am your superior."
"Enough," I growl. "I will not have you talking poorly of what is mine."
Hayes' eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
"Yours? And here I thought your plan wasn't even to follow through with the union..."
"Things changed," I mutter, heading in the direction they took Colette. I can see her injuries being examined quickly, while they prepare the herbs to stop the bleeding and numb the site of her injury.
"Things changed? Like what?" Hayes scoffs. I purse my lips, glancing over at her once more. "You better not tell me she is your second chance mate,"
I exhale, turning back to look at him and he runs a hand through his hair, his tongue rubbing over his teeth.
"Holy shit! She is, isn't she?"
4/5
###Chapter 6
Chapter 6 
“Does it matter?” I ask and Hayes looks at me in disbelief, giving me his brotherly ‘We don’t keep secrets‘ look.
“It matters to me, in how I treat her. Is she your mate?” Hayes asks.
“She is your Luna. You will treat her how she should be treated.” I say, crossing my arms over my chest.
“Merikh.” He whispers low, his eyes softening and I know where his thoughts are going and I refuse to go down that memory lane with him. I refuse to go down it ever again.
“She is my mate.” I say matter of fact, and he laughs, rolling his eyes.
“Mate, as in you chose her and followed through with the union to the Alpha’s daughter-”
“That’s not the Alpha’s daughter.” Percy says with a knowing smile.
“Then who the fuck is it?”
“That’s Colette,” Percy says, his smile even wider now. I roll my eyes because no one knows shit about what is actually happening. Hell, it was hard enough for me to believe it when I saw her.
“Who the hell is Colette?”
“She is my second chance mate…” I admit with a sigh.
“And you accepted her…” He murmurs, his eyes observing me as though he needs to gauge my reaction.
“Lycan’s can’t reject a second chance mate, Hayes, you know that. There was no leaving without her. I didn’t have a choice,” I mutter, and he nods in understanding, blowing out a puff of air.
“How did she take it?” He asks.
“She isn’t aware of it…” I say with a wince, and Hayes watches me with curiosity.
“Recently rejected then…” he muses.
“Alpha, she is waking up,” the healer says, looking over his shoulder. “I think it would be best if you are at least around her, so she doesn’t wake up alarmed and thinking she was kidnapped or something.”
I find the sentiment ironic considering I didn’t really give her a choice in our mating. More of an ultimatum. In some realms of the world, that might be considered kidnapping. Not in ours, though, not when you are a royal and privy to knowledge your true mate doesn’t have.
She sits up; her face is pale as she reaches out with a whimper for her leg.
“How do you feel?” I ask, moving to her side.
She squeals and jumps at the sound of my voice, her hands shaking and her face painted in fear before she seems to calm and comes to her senses. I press my hand to her forehead and she closes her eyes, her head pressing into my warm palm as if she is too weak to hold herself up.
“Nothing out of the ordinary.” She says softly and my muscles tense, “aside from my leg, it feels like a normal beating.”
My lips twitch, a snarl waiting to break free as I press my lips together tightly. My lycan roars within me, tearing to get out and head back to her pack and kill anyone who hurt her. But I store those emotions away for a day. I will need that anger. Because there will be other fights. This attack was not the first and now that I have a Luna I dare say it will be the last.
“I recommend getting her settled and re–wrapped as soon as possible. The closest place is her pack “The healer tries to say before we cut him off.
“No!” Colette and I say in unison..
“We should get back to our pack as soon as possible. Staying out here or going back will just leave us exposed to more attacks. The only safe place for us is home.” I finish, my eyes sliding to watch her as she looks down at her lap.
If I set foot in that pack again, I will only kill people. No, we need to go where I know it is safe. For her and my treaty.
Her outfit is covered in blood, her pants torn and ripped off nearly up to her underwear line, where a white bandage is settled over her skin with green herbs covering the injury. The long makeshift splint frames her leg, making it unbendable, and I find I want to fix it. To fix her, but I know until the mate bond is fully recognizable for her, my presence doesn’t do much to speed her healing. It helps, but not the way it regularly would.
“Come,” I say in a whisper. Moving to her side, Colette nods without looking at me, her legs swinging to the side. as if she plans to walk and a low displeased grumble radiates through my chest. She looks up suddenly, shocked.
“I will carry you.” I tell her, not giving her the chance to refuse me.
My arms slip under her knees, her splint doing its job to keep her legs motionless. As my other arm wraps around her back. I tug her close, my heart beating fast as she locks her eyes with mine. There's a hitch in her breathing and I smirk. I enjoy having this effect on her.
"When will we be in your pack?" She asks a soft whisper.
"If we get moving now, we will make it by sunset." Her muscles tense and I can sense a shift in her. She seems to grow smaller, as if she is shrinking into a shell of fear.
"There will be no more attacks," Hayes says, stepping up beside us, Percy wandering close behind. "After a surprise attack, the victims are always on high alert. Nah, they will wait for our guard to fall before they attack again." I scowl at my idiot brother.
"Very helpful, Hayes." I mutter.
"Who is Hayes?" She whispers up at me, confused. I look at Hayes to my right, who beams at her, about to open his mouth.
"He is my idiot younger brother." I sigh and Colette looks mildly amused.
"And his Beta," Hayes does an awkward walking bow as we approach my luxury SUV that I had waiting by for us later in our journey.
"Ah," is all Colette says. Hayes opens the door and I gingerly slide Colette in. She settles in and I make sure she is comfortable before closing the door.
"I'll drive." Hayes says.
"We shouldn't be in the same vehicle," I remind him. In case something happens, one of us must survive.
"You know I'm the most skilled driver here. If I had been driving, they wouldn't have-"
"Bullshit!" Percy growls, stepping up. "That's bullshit and you know it! They came out of nowhere. Lights off and rammed from the side."
"Boys," I groan, pinching the bridge of my nose as my exhaustion and my pain settles into my bones.
"Breaks, or the gas pedal could have helped you avoid
"Enough!" I roar, both of them wincing as they look at me like two pups who just got caught stealing the last cookie. "Hayes, drive. Percy in the passenger seat. I don't want to hear a damn comment from either of you. Understood?!" I growl.
I don't wait for their agreement as I move around the back of the SUV, my hand pressing into the back of the cool metal vehicle to help me brace myself and breathe. My back is heated, and my skin cracks with every move, no doubt the blood drying to my skin from the various bite marks I received earlier. I inhale a deep breath, preparing myself to be near my mate for hours, and then I crawl in the door.
Colette looks up at me as I settle in next to her, afraid to touch her as we begin our second trek home. After a few moments I see her bite her lip as we hit a bump and I reach out, pulling her into my arms to afford her all the help our weak bond can. I prop my leg up, then lean forward, my cheek brushing hers as I lift her injured leg up onto mine for better support.
My back burns again, and I bite back a hiss. These pains aren't foreign to me. I'm scarred for a reason. I've lived through many battles. These little things are no different.
"Is that not uncomfortable?" She asks weakly. "I was fine..."
"The bond may be weak as we are not fully mated, but with my status, my touch can help to heal you faster and ease some of your pain. I got you into this mess, Colette, please allow me to help you how I can." I whisper into her ears as she presses her back into my chest. She quiets down with a half nod of acceptance.
By the time the sun is setting, exhaustion has weaved a web over my b*dy. My limbs feel heavy, my arms tingling and my legs seem to burn with every passing second we remain in the vehicle. I shuffle to the side slightly, Colette stirring and pushing up.
She looks up at me over her shoulder, and I watch as little dots dance over her face. My hands reach out, my brows furrowing as I try to catch them. Her skin is soft, and her eyes curious as she seems to watch me curiously.
"Merikh...," she says as the door opens behind me.
"Alpha." Percy says, "We are ho-Shit your back looks..."
"It will be fine." I rasp out, suddenly feeling faint as I maneuver my way out of the vehicle. I stumble, my hand slamming into the ground as I catch myself. "Shit."
"Hayes," Percy calls out in a worried tone, and I grow in discontent.
"Shut up, Percy." I grumble, moving back to the door and reaching in to help Colette out.
Her leg comes out first, and I ease it past me before I wrap my hands around her waist and lift her as my vision blanks out. My b*dy feels like it ignites in a broiling heat as I crumple to the ground, blind and in agony. The only touch that brings me peace is that small patch where Colette's cool hands touch my heated flesh.
###Chapter 7
Chapter 7
*Colette*
My hands cling to Merikh as he drops, my injured leg keeping me from catching myself as I tumble down onto him with a pained cry. My knee lands on his chest, my hands pressing onto him to remove my weig "Merikh," I say, awkwardly trying to force myself to stand on the brace that holds my injured leg straight. "Wake up," I whisper, my request growing more panicked by the second. A hand gently grabs my arm an "Hayes!" Percy screams, and he seems to appear out of thin air.
"f**k." Hayes swoops down, grunting as he tries to pull Merikh up. He gets him up enough for him to look at his back and his face pales.
"What?" I ask, unable to find my breath now. "What is it? What happened?"
"Get her to her room," Hayes orders Percy, who turns his attention to me.
"Come with me," he murmurs, and I furrow my brows in frustration as he hurries to usher me away.
"I want to stay with him," I tell them and Hayes chuckles, rolling his eyes.
"You just met him yesterday and your bond isn't even fully initiated yet," he says with a cool tone to his voice. "You have nothing to offer him. What he needs is a healer."
I want to fight back, to argue that I am the Luna now. But I don't feel like a Luna, and I certainly don't look like a Luna. I am weak, injured, and my
chosen mate is out of commission. Without Merikh I am just a weak werewolf
on their turf.
"You need a healer too," Percy reminds me as I frown.
"I was already seen." I complain, but he presses his lips into a flat line.
"You need a bandage change and rest if you ever hope to heal..."
1/6
G
GoodNovel
INSTALL
Chapter 7
"I know but-" I try to spin to see Merikh.
"I don't mean to be rude, Luna." Percy says in a low voice, as he swoops down and lifts me into his arms. I squeal in shock. "But I understand the status you were, and the state your wolf was in when we met y His words sting, hurting what tiny bit of pride I have left. I look over his shoulder as Percy whisks me away from Merikh. Several warriors rush in and scramble to pick
up his massive b*dy and take him away. I shouldn't care like I do, but I know it isn't love or even the small pull from our weak bond. I care because Merikh saved me. Not just once, or twice, but on multiple occa
He saved me when he chose me. He saved me when Leslie attacked me again. Then he tried to shield my b*dy with his in the crash and then holding me close even though I am certain he finds me repulsive, Merikh, the scary massive mountain of a Lycan and the known alpha of death, protected me. And I can't help but feel a little protective of him in the same way.
"Where are they taking him?" I ask Percy. He gives me a curious look, then a small smirk tickles his lips.
"They are taking him to the infirmary. Then he will wind up back in his room for his resting period."
I furrow my brows and purse my lips. "Does this happen often?"
"The attack or his serious injuries?" Percy asks, and I can gather from his tone that both are a regular occurrence.
"Mmm, so both happen on a regular basis." I state with a heavy exhale.
"Alpha Merikh is a powerful player in our world. Many want him gone."
"Why would werewolves want him gone?" I ask, confused. "He is the Lycan king. Without him, there will be no
keeping the peace."
A world with no king is a breeding ground for chaos for our kind. The smaller pack alphas would fight for control and never fully have it, as there would be no trust between any of them. Even though Alpha Bent
2/6
Chapter 7
Percy clears his throat and looks at my braced leg.
"How is the pain right now?" he asks and I get the feeling he is changing the subject.
"It is numb for now," I say truthfully, feeling no pain, though I think once my heart rate and worry for Merikh settle that pain will rip through me like a bear stumbling onto a beehive.
"Ah!" Percy says with a cheery voice. "We are here. Just...wait here for when Merikh calls for you. He will be
better soon."
He helps me into the room, placing me on the bed. He quickly grabs a small pile of clothing and places it next to me with a smile before he disappears, leaving me alone in the massive room. My hand brushes I frown down at my jeans. Or lack thereof. Trying to decide if taking off the brace is the best idea. Then again, perhaps doing it while the pain is gone is my better option. I lay on my back wiggling out of my one full leg of denim and the other that was ripped to near nothing on the other side. It doesn't take much to slip on the satin bottoms that come lay halfway down my bandage wound.
A light breeze softly brushes the sheer curtains aside, drawing my attention, and I watch as the rest of the sun goes down on a massive lake. My mouth feels dry, my hands itching as I nervously wait, watching the water as it ripples from the same breeze that tickles my cheeks.
It's stunning.
The way the purples and pink hues dance across the glassy water that hypnotizes me, pulling me into a calming trance as I get lost, looking in the one thing that makes me feel home. There were no bodies of cleansing-
I ease myself further onto the bed, laying my head down as I watch the way the water grows darker with every passing second. My eyes become heavy, my pain still subsiding as slowly the breeze and the sme When I wake again, I am in the same position, my heart delighting in the realization that I am still here, still safe. Then I hear arguing down the hall as the bedroom door opens and a pretty young woman walks "Is Merikh okay?" I ask, my mind wandering back to the whole reason I am here and even alive. She frowns.
3/6
"He has been poisoned." She takes a seat next to me, placing the tray between us.
TRIO
0
"What?" My eyes grow wide and I try to push off the bed. Pain tears through me, taking my breath from my lungs. as I gasp and bile rises. I clasp a hand over my mouth and the woman frowns.
"You should drink this." She offers me a steaming mug of something, but I shake my head. Between my fear and pain, I have no appetite for even something to drink.
"When will he be back?" I ask her and she shrugs.
"Might be awhile."
"C-can I see him?" I ask, worried about backlash, as she laughs lightly, shaking her head.
"You are the Luna: The person you answer to is down the hall out of commission. As far as I'm concerned, you can do whatever the hell you like."
"Really?"
"Of course,"
"But Hayes..." she rolls her eyes and waves me off.
"Hayes is a beta with daddy issues. He idolizes Alpha Merikh, he is just worried."
A loud scream vibrates the bedroom door and I swallow roughly, my throat suddenly pained. Merikh must be in so much pain. I tilt my head. Maybe if I am the one to change his bandages, it will hurt less? I kno back in my pack. This is something I know how to do, the one thing I have to offer.
I push through the pain as I carefully extract myself from the bed. I look over my shoulder, waiting for the maid to stop me, but she pops a grape into her mouth, looking amused. She watches me as I quickly gr "You aren't going to stop me?" I ask, a little surprised when I am done and she is still sitting in silence. She shrugs.
"What the hell can I do? My Luna wishes to see her Alpha." She smirks and her eyes go wide as
she leans forward. "And don't let Hayes try to talk you out of it. You need to talk first and then you need to insist on taking over, got
4/6
Chapter 7
it Luna?" She asks and I nod.
"Are you sure?" I ask with a furrowed brow, feeling uneasy.
"Oh, absolutely." She says with the utmost certainty.
+5
0
Okay. I can do this. I just need a little confidence in my status. The status I never wanted or asked for or have an idea how to be, but that's irrelevant.
"Don't let Hayes speak," I mutter to myself, inching my way out of the room and down the hallway. I cling to the wall for support, sweat beading my brow as the pain seems to eat me alive, but for once I feel a li
He cries out again, an agonizing scream muffled by something and I can only assume Merikh is biting down onto a fabric. I can hear bickering and angry crashing as I get to the door and release a puff of air. The door flings open and Hayes nearly runs into me on his way out with a curse.
"Colette," he says, shocked. "You should be resting,"
"I want to see him," I say weakly, and he frowns.
"Now is not the best time,"
"Why not?" I ask, placing all my weight on my good leg.
"I am about to clean his wounds and he-"
"I will do it," I say, piping up.
"Uh, I don't think that is really a good-"
"I know how to clean a wound and re-bandage. You have been with him all night. I promise to take care of him."
A smile creeps along his lips as he nods his head and looks over his shoulder.
"You know what? You make a fair point. I am tired and if you truly feel
up to it, then why not?" He steps back, gesturing for me to enter the room. Then he points to the corner. "The herbs are there, but you will need to scrub the wounds with that special cream colored scrub before
5/6
Chapter 7
"Scrub?" I ask, my brows shooting into my hairline.
"Yes, he is in the healing waters,"
"Healing waters?" I ask as he giddily pushes past me. He spins on his heels, taking a few steps backward with a cheery grin.
"It's like a large hot tub with herbs."
"Hot tub..." I repeat and he laughs.
"A bath, Luna. He is in a large bath,"
"Woah, wait!" I holler after him as he rushes away, leaving me in the doorway as a pained grunt comes from my back. I close my eyes, my stomach twisting in painful knots as I take three deep, calming breath
I step into the steamy room, closing the door behind me as I inhale the fragrant air. The room is silent aside from the heavy breathing coming from Merikh as I move closer. The air swirls, and my breathing hitch "Colette... What are you doing here?" he rasps, standing and walking toward me. I reach over, taking hold of the sponge thing Hayes pointed out. I clutch it to my chest and hobble to him.
"I'm here to help," I announce, with a squeak. He arches a brow before wincing and grunting.
"You're going to have to get in here with me if you plan to help. Are you okay with that?"
"Mm hmm..." I nod, lying. "Totally okay with that."
6/6
色
###Chapter 8
Chapter 8
I am not okay with this, I am not okay with this. I AM NOT OKAY WITH THIS.
My insides are screaming, the nerves fueled by the anxiety of what lays below the waterline that is nibbling at Merikh's waist. He moves closer to me, each step measured and eliciting a pained noise from him "I am teasing, Colette. I can manage this on my own." He says with a concerned look. "There is no need for you to stress yourself."
I snap my eyes to meet his and I see he is serious, his hand extending to take the sponge from me. I scowl and hold it tighter. No, I can do this. I don't fight, because I was too weak to train. I do nothing of my a "Could you come and sit on the edge? Maybe there are some stairs...?" I ask hopeful, and he tilts his head to the side.
"The water will be helpful for your leg. You could come in as well." He says like being n*ked with him
isn't easily the most insane idea I have ever heard. He must see the shock and horror on my face as he smiles. "You can keep your undergarments on. I am in no condition to try anything."
"I don't know how to do that with this thing on my leg." I point to the wooden brace still tied to my leg, and he moves closer, stepping up and revealing more of his lower torso without showing me everything. Pa off the marble walls as my heart thuds in my ears.
"You do not have to. I won't force it on you, but it would be good for your healing." He sounds almost convincing. I peek over my shoulder, opening one eye only to find him watching me with a color of amusem Even pale and a little green in the face, he is more attractive than any male has the right to be. I frown but inch my way over to him, where he stands at the edge.
I think it would be best if you soak and I bandage you when you are ready."
"Come," he sighs, sounding like he is struggling with pain, or just patience. I can't quite tell either, though they
1/5
G GoodNovel
INSTALL
Chapter 8
seem like they could both be fueling each other. "I've soaked for long enough."
Merikh takes another step up and I find myself shrouded in darkness as my eyes and lips squeeze together in an effort not to spy him n*ked. There is a rustling sound and after a moment of only being able to h fingers teasing my chin and I allow my eyes to open.
He tilts my face up, his eyes meeting mine as he stares into my being. My heart pounds in my ears, my lungs struggling to keep up with the steam and, well...
him being this close. I lick my lips and his eyes flash black for a moment before he winces again, and stumbles back a step. I reach out, afraid he might fall, and I wrap my arms around his waist in panic. His b* "I need you to be lower if I have to clean out your wounds." I whisper, feeling parched for water.
His eyes lock on mine as he lowers down to his knees. He gently plucks the sponge from my hand and leans over, dragging it through the water before handing it back to me. Then he twists, exposing his back black veins stemming from two angry red spots near his shoulder blades.
"This will probably hurt," I inform him and he nods, his muscles tense as he readies himself.
"Talk to me?" He grunts as I press the sponge to his wound. "Distract my mind."
"I don't know what to say," I admit, and he flinches away before settling with a shudder.
"Anything will do, Colette." he grits out, "Your favorite color, what you like to eat. Say whatever comes to mind."
"How were they able to poison you?" I ask curiously, pressing harder as I drag the herbal scrub over his bite mark. He quivers and grunts in pain.
"They poisoned themselves," he says after a sharp inhale. I freeze for a moment, remembering the red eyes of the man who stood over me. I had thought I imagined it, but maybe that was real. Perhaps I was looking at a poisoned werewolf.
"Is that why their eyes were red?" I ask curiously, dragging the scrub down once more. He pauses, looking over his shoulder at me and frowning.
"You noticed that?" He asks curiously.
2/5
18:11
Emergency calls onlyM
Chapter 8
"Yes." I shrug.
101090%
He hums in discontent, looking forward again. "Their eyes were red for another reason." He says simply.
+5
why were they red?" I ask. "Werewolves don't have red eyes, it isn't something that exists in our kind...but I was sure they were wolves..."
"They were." He agrees, but he doesn't elaborate. I frown at his back, releasing a frustrated huff.
"I'm not understanding." I furrow my brows and he again goes silent on me. "Alpha..."
"I've already told you, it's just Merikh." He murmurs. "We are mates now. Call me by my name, not my title."
"Ah. Right, I forgot. Um. Merikh," I say, pausing and biting back a nervous smile that breaks free. "What was wrong with the people who attacked us?" I ask.
"There are a few things that could have made them that way." He says with a small shrug. "But my first guess is that they were under a spell."
my brows knit together in confusion at his statement.
"Percy made it seem like this kind of thing happens a lot..." I mention trying to find the right way to ask about being spelled.
He chuckles, his shoulders rising and falling under my hands.
"In a sense, yes, we are attacked often."
I frown, considering what he is saying. Here I thought this was the most powerful pack, the Lycan King who reigns over all werewolves, yet he is attacked regularly and from the looks of his scarred b*dy, they o "And do they always try to poison you?"
"This is not the first time, no," he admits, sounding amused.
"But they are wolves..." I say matter of fact.
"Mmm, yes, these ones were." He says simply, like there are any other possibilities. Unless that's exactly what he
3/5
Emergency calle only M calle onlyM
Chapter 8
means. I blink, my hand stilling, and he slowly spins to face me.
101090% 18:11
"What do you mean by that? Like you mean humans?" I ask, and he tilts his head to the side.
-5
"You don't really think it's just werewolves and humans in the world, do you?" He asks, a twinkle in his eyes. I open my mouth to respond but snap it back shut as I process his words. "I see you were under that
murmurs.
"It sounds like...I mean...are you saying..."
“That there are other supernatural beings in the world?" he arches his brow and I feel him extract the sponge from my hand. Tossing it to the side as he faces me fully, rising to his feet. I limp back, stumbling slightly as he catches me, his warm arms wrapping around my back.
"What are you doing?" I whisper, my eyes following the sponge, wishing for that little tiny barrier between us.
"My wounds are clean,” His voice is a husky grumble tickling through my b*dy as I lick my lips and watch his face. His eyes trail over me, hungrily eating up what they can.
"So you are feeling better...?" I ask, feeling shy.
"A little," Merikh gives me a knowing smile before he leans away, his hands on my waist ensuring I have a better
footing.
My eyes grow wide in shock as I am drawn to the water dripping down his scarred yet impeccably fit b*dy. His abs ripple with every heavy
breath and his massive chest rises and falls as he runs a wet hand through his hair, slicking it back before shaking it out.
I am suddenly traveling in the Sahara Desert, my lips dry and my b*dy sweltering with heat. He takes a step toward me, the towel around his waist slipping loose. I yelp, looking away as fast as possible. I can h "I have shorts on, Colette. Though I find this-innocence-
rather endearing." He smiles wide as I peek up at him. He reaches out, grabbing the herbs on the side table and fresh bandages, and once again drops to his knees as he tries to wrap my leg.
"These herbs are for you," I say, shoving his hand away. He freezes, scowling up at me.
"Your leg is in worse condition."
4/5
Emergency calle only MO
Chapter 8
"You are still fighting poison." I remind him, and he rolls his eyes, scoffing.
"I am used to my injuries. They will heal,"
"So will my leg." I say with a frown, and he sighs.
"You are weak, Colette. Your healing will take longer than mine will."
101090% 18:11
My cheeks grow pink again, though this time it's a different kind of embarrassment. It's not being caught staring or having lustful thoughts. It's me realizing how pathetic I must look not only to him, but likely eve "Right," I mumble, noticing how his hand hesitates for a moment. Then he exhales a sigh and places the herbs in my hands.
"Do as you please," he grits out, spinning his back to face me, leaving me once again shocked by his actions.
I hold the herbs in my hand, looking from them to his back, and then I bite my lip. It's crazy to think about it, even dumber to hope for it, but maybe...just maybe the Alpha of Death likes me...
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9
101090%
18:11
"Merikh POV"
"So when do you plan to announce to the pack we have a new Luna...?" Hayes asks, propping his feet up on m couch. I scowl at him, pacing over and slapping them off my furniture.
"When she is ready," I say simply.
"And what have you done to make her ready for it?" Hayes asks.
"I have been busy, Hayes. If you haven't noticed, I have been trying to track the assholes who tried to kill me." I growl at my brother. He pops up from the couch and paces to the massive bay window overlooki "Are we so sure they were after you?" He asks softly, and I don't look at him. My jaw clenching.
"Yes,"
"How?"
"How what?" I snap at him.
"How are you so sure?"
"Who else would they be after?" I ask with an annoyed sigh.
"I'm not dense, brother. I see the things even you try to keep from me."
"No. You are right, you aren't dense, But that doesn't mean you know what you are talking about with this."
"They crashed into your vehicle and left YOU." He says in a scoff, "they dragged her and left you-"
"They were baiting me." I growl at him. "Trying to draw me out and taunt me. It's what they always do."
"What if they know..." he whispers and I press my lips together in worry. It would be a lie to say the same thought hasn't crossed my mind once or twice.
"There is no way for them to know, Hayes." I give him a pointed look and he sighs, defeated. "Only we know, hell
1/6
Emergency calls only MO
Chapter 9
even Colette is in the dark on this. It is not possible for anyone to know."
00090% 18:11
"I know it's not logical to think they would know, but it feels wrong, It feels off, it feels like what happened with Lauren-"
"Don't say her f**king name!" I hiss in anger, pacing over and grabbing Hayes by the collar of his shirt. The very sound of her name makes my skin crawl and my chest burn. It doesn't matter that I agree with hi "Okay," he says, hands up in defense as I release him with a heavy sigh. "Look, I didn't mean it was happening again, I just...we ignored the signs before."
"I know," I grumble, sighing as I shuffle away from him and drag my hands through my hair. "I know, I'm sorry, I just..."
"It's been years, Merikh," he reminds me, but it doesn't remove the ache of betrayal. No amount of time can muddle the memories that remain so damn vivid in my mind. Her cries, the begging, the lies.
"We need to keep Colette safe," I say, ignoring him. "They are after me, and her real significance to me remains a secret. It must remain that way even to her. I remind him, and he frowns when I look his way. "That means you will need to officially take her as a full mate before the month is up, Merikh. You get that right?" He scoffs and I nod, glancing out the window.
"I have it all under control."
"You say that, but I'm not sure you do. That girl is afraid of you." He scoffs, and my brows pinch together in distaste.
"She is not afraid of me." I huff and he snorts.
"Yeah, okay. The tiny, weak werewolf isn't afraid of the alpha of death she was forced to accept to save her pack. If you say so," he mutters. Okay, He may have a point here.
"I'm nice to her." I remind him, and he finds the statement even more amusing.
"Nice as in you do sweet things for her or nice as in you let her know she has broccoli stuck in her teeth?" He
2/6
Emergency calls only
Chapter 9
pops a brow, waiting for an answer, and I scowl at him.
"I gave her silk pajamas."
"And you have ignored her since she took care of your back." He reminds me and I scoff at him.
"I've not ignored her. I am giving her space."
W90%
18:11
"Keep it up and in about a year, she might actually let you hold her hand," Hayes snorts as he crosses over to me and slaps me on my sore back knowingly.
"You're an asshole," I grunt and he shrugs, trying to hide a smile.
"It's likely it's a genetic trait we share, but at least I know how to flirt and win over the ladies. You have a woman
* fated to be yours and the big bad alpha lycan is hiding from her..."
"I'm n
not hiding." I say with confidence..
"No? Should I have her come meet you here, then? For a little date, maybe?" I have to actively remind myself if he weren't related, he wouldn't speak to me the way he does. But then again, I have always nee headed. Even if he has a very roundabout way of doing so.
"Hayes," I growl, and he grins, proud of himself.
"Merikh...?" Colette's timid voice echoes behind me and my eyes slide closed as I hide the way my b*dy reacts to
fists. her. My Lycan nearly pants. I clench my
"Yes?" I respond, not bothering to turn to face her.
you wanted to see me?"
"Percy said you
My eyes blaze as I glare at Hayes, who looks away, biting back a smile. This asshole mind linked my soon to be gammas, and the two planned this behind my back.
"The Alpha was hoping you would join him
for a movie and maybe a snack," he says for me and I issue silent death threats with my eyes. "In order to help you become more comfortable around him. We know he can be imposing, but I promise he rarely "Oh." she says, sounding surprised. "A movie could be fun...I've never seen one on a screen this big before."
100 90% 18:11
Emergency calls onlyO
Chapter 9
+5
Hayes rushes off as I glare at him, my desire to pummel my brother strong. Then I turn and look at Colette, who looks like she is trying to shrink herself down. It's painfully obvious she is used to hiding, being u
vas!
"What type of movies do you like?" I ask her after clearing my throat. My lycan craves her nearness and, with keeping him away
from her for a few days, I'm unable to fight the draw to her. She swallows and looks away grow closer, then she suddenly rolls her shoulders and straightens her back.
She feels a little different from when I spoke to her last. Every day she seems stronger, her wolf more alert, more present, and I can see her confidence growing. It excites my lycan and me to see her this way, "Romance?" I ask with a smile on my lips as her fiery eyes glance up to meet mine. "Perhaps a drama?"
"Action." She says, a small smirk hiding behind her plush pink lips and I hum, a deep vibration in my chest,
satisfied.
"Really? I pegged you more as a princess movie kind of girl." I admit, and she scoffs.
"Romance is not something I expect to ever experience, action however, well, I've already lived through one of those scenes." Her lips press into an unimpressed line, and I realize how stupid I have been. I hav "Do you wish to be romanced, Colette?" I ask, and she frowns.
"When I was a girl, I dreamed of it." She admits, "But I understand that it's not meant to be."
"You do not think I can be romantic?" I ask her, a little offended. "Do you think I'm just a brute?"
"No!" she says, shocked and uneasy. "Heavens, no! That's not what I mean...I mean...
you asked me to be your chosen because you needed to make the treaty valid. I understand you probably have someone already chosen from within this pack who will be your true Luna. Give you heirs and le I bark out a laugh, my head falling backwards. She thinks she is a decoy mate?
"Is that what you were hoping for?" I ask, staring into her as she sucks her bottom lip between her teeth, looking nervous. "You are my one and only Luna, Colette. In choosing you, I have selected you to carry "But why?" She asks deflating.
4/6
Emergency calls only
Chapter 9
101090%
18:11
+5
"Why not?" I shoot back, reaching out and cupping her cheek. She tries so hard not to flinch away from my touch, but I catch the twitch and it enrages my beast.
"I was not made to be a Luna, or to be cared for. She whispers.
My heart aches to hold her, but my past prevents me from letting her in. I want her because she is mine. And what is mine stays with me. I want her because I need her, even if she doesn't know it or why. What
another woman.
"I chose you, so you are a Luna. And as far as caring for you, well, what is mine is well cared for."
"Then why do you hide from me?" She squeaks, looking dejected. I sigh, reaching out to take her hand in mine.
"I do not know how to win you." I tell her as I walk backward, pulling her along with me. "But I want to make this official, make you the true Luna..."
H
"I already told you I was willing..." she reminds me.
"Willing is good, but I want you to want it."
She goes silent for a moment, her cheeks flushing a beautiful shade of pink before she looks up at me.
"Then make me want it?"
My b*dy freezes, my mouth going dry and my hands clamming up.
"Make you want me?" I ask, and she nods. "How does one do that?"
"I'm attracted to you." She offers, "but I don't know you...we are supposed to be mates now, but I know nothing about you, this pack..."
"I see..." I mutter, trying to think of what to do next. I've never had to woo a woman before. With my ex mate everything was easy, it fell into place because of the bond. Or at least I had thought.
"I enjoy popcorn." I announce and she bites back a laugh.
"That's... well, that's a start. I like it too." She says, a glimmer in her eyes that brings a genuine smile to my cheeks as I plop onto the couch, dragging her down next to me without being too forward.
5/6
Emergency calls only M
Chapter 9
18:11
101090%
+5
"I think we should enter an agreement," I tell her, and she scrunches her nose in confusion. My hand reaches out, my finger stroking her nose, pressing the confused look from her face.
"We are already in an agreement," she tries to remind me, but I shake my head no.
"I wish to be fully mated before the next big meeting where we will have to leave the pack."
"You want me..." she points to herself, her eyebrows shooting into her hairline, "to go with you to meetings? Why? Where? Won't they know how weak I am?"
"You keep claiming to be weak. Do you still have no idea who you are?" I ask her.
"What kind of meetings?" She asks, changing the subject as she tugs at the sleeves of her shirt and I smirk.
"The kind that will change your life,"
She scrunches her nose in thought, then tilts her head. "For the better?"
"Mmm, that remains to be seen."
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10
10090% 18:11
*Colette POV
Merikh walks slowly beside
me as I limp along in my brace that keeps the strain off my healing bone and sore muscles. My open wound is closed finally, now nothing more than a scab and a massive bruise where it had ripped through my
He was quiet for most of the movie and I'm not even sure what we watched as I was so hyper focused on his. closeness. The familiarity of him being near me, even though I don't know him well at all. It's strang "I enjoyed spending time with you," he smiles, and I chuckle nervously.
"It is kind of nice to see you aren't always killing people." I joke and he laughs.
My skin tingles and I look up at him as he shakes his head and his green eyes meet mine. I'm immediately pink cheeked and I can feel it, but there's no hiding it. Merikh is hot as hell and he is looking right at m
free.
"So you have a sense of humor under that quiet good girl facade,"
"Facade?" I ask, confused. Do I appear fake?
"I know who you really are. I see you." He says, once again being mysterious and strategic in the way he speaks. Three times now he has alluded to me not being who I am or not knowing what I am to him. An
scares me.
There is much I don't know about myself. Who my parents are, how they both died or where I was before I was found bloodied and left outside my pack's front gate with a note begging for them to take me in. C "I am an orphan." I sigh, watching him as he processes the information. "There is nothing for you to see other than what is standing before you. Which isn't much,"
"Do you feel like being an orphan makes you unworthy?" He asks, genuinely curious as we stop outside my
1/5
Chapter 10
room.
13 90% 18:11
"No, but it makes others see me differently." I sigh. "People used to pity me, then they grew to dislike me because they would be punished if they were friends with me." I freeze and watch
him curiously and I see a flicker in his eyes that feels like a strike to the gut. Is that why he chose me? Did he know I was an orphan and so there would be no family to protest my going with him? No one will c my heart racing.
There were rumors he likes to hunt his women. It was a crazy rumor, and I was convinced they were just stories, but the way he watches me, wants to know me but always insists he knows more about me tha is this all a setup to toy with me? He can't be nice. That's not in the alpha of death's personality, right?
"Colette, you seem to be thinking too much again," he frowns, his knuckle brushing my cheek as I blink at him.
"I-uh..." I swallow, stumbling back a step clumsily into the door.
"You look like you think I will eat you up." He chuckles and I don't dare admit that I'm worried he might do exactly that.
"I am just a little tired, that's all." I lie, giving him a tight smile before clearing my throat and looking away.
"Colette," his tone is low and husky, commanding my attention as I gulp and look at his unreadable expression. "Where do you go little mate, when you shut
down after a perfectly normal conversation? What did they do to make you so afraid of yourself?"
His eyes scan my face, his hand reaching out to slide through my hair, brushing it out of my face.
"I go where I belong," I whisper. "Where I am wanted."
Merikh's head tilts to the side watching me, assessing me, then he sighs and draws his hands back.
"I see. And what can I do to make you see you
are wanted here?" He asks. My heart stutters at the thought that he might care. I clear my throat, needing to change the subject, unable to handle the intensity of his gaze
?
"Can I do things...in the pack?" I ask.
"What do you have in mind?"
2/5
Emergency calls onlyM
Chapter 10
101090% 18:11
"I don't know..." I muse, then I look down at my leg. The one thing I have always wanted to do was defend myself. Against the mean words, the strikes to my b*dy, just...
the right and ability to stand my ground confidently and not cower in hopes they don't break me the next time.
"Would you like to start training?" Merikh offers as if the thought isn't absurd. I can't help but laugh.
"Me? Train?" I snort, but he watches me intently..
"Why not?"
"Uh...I mean look at me, I am-"
"Weak?" He finishes my sentence for me with an arched brow. "That sounds like an excuse,"
"It was always the excuse I was giving back in my pack." I frown.
"You aren't there anymore," He reminds me. Not that I need the reminder. He has done a decent job of reminding me every time I see him.
"I would like to train..." I admit, looking down at my feet.
"Good." He says, looking relieved. "I will send Penny to fetch you in the morning."”
"In the morning?" I ask, my eyes wide. "But my leg..."
"There are other forms of training," He chuckles. "Penny will fetch you in the morning and get you outfitted, then you and I will start." "Uh...okay."
He backs away, sauntering backward before giving me a grin.
"Sleep well, little mate. I plan to exhaust you tomorrow." Then he winks and turns his back to me.
I push into my room, feeling a little disappointed that he is choosing to
stay in a different room still, but I know if he were to come in and stay with me, I would feel the opposite. I don't turn the light on, the bright moon once again glimmering off the massive b*dy of water in the dista
3/5
Emergency calls only.
Chapter 10
10090% 18:11
-5
In the short time I have been here, this room has become my safe
space, the only place where I feel complete and relaxed and I know it has everything to do with the view. I totter over to the window, pushing it open as a breeze dances through the curtains and I feel a shift in I move to my bed, stripping off my brace with a satisfied groan as I gently rub my pinched skin. Exhaustion moves in, and instead of moving to get into pajamas, I strip down to my undergarments and wiggle un cocoon of There is rustling in the room, pulling me from my first full night's sleep in forever, and I peek out of my blankets to see the same maid as before moving about my room pulling clothing out of my dresser while humming a song. She spins gracefully, dancing to the song in her head before she freezes and her eyes find mine. A sheepish grin grows on her face and she stands up straight after getting "You must be Penny," I mumble and she nods.
"That would be me," she says chipper as she moves over to the window. "You left the window open." My eyes grow wide and I panic. Am I not supposed to have touched the window? "Oh...I'm sorry," I say, throwing my blankets off to shut the window for her.
"Why are you apologizing to me? You are the Luna." She tilts her head, confused, and I squeeze my eyes closed. Right. I'm the Luna. Not the maid who forgot to close a window. Not the lowly servant who gets I am anymore. Or at least...it won't be who I am.
'Right." I sigh. "Is there a reason I shouldn't have the window open at night?"
"I only mentioned it because my grandma used to say you could catch something if you leave your
window open, but then again, grandma was human, so her perceptions are a little different from her life in her world."
"You're half human?" I ask, and she chuckles.
"I mean, aren't we all human with a little beast inside us?" she winks. "Do you have any family around?"
Penny asks as she rushes over to grab the pile of clothes
for me and places it on the bed. Then she looks me over with a curious glance and goes back, grabbing fresh underwear and a sports bra. I look down, realizing I'm just sitting in my bra
and undies and I tug my blanket to my chest, embarrassed by the way my bones seem to protrude under my malnourished flesh.
Emergency calls only
Chapter 10
"I have no family," I admit, and she scoffs..
101090%
18:11
"Lucky for you. I have a twin brother. Heavens, I love him, but sometimes...sometimes I want to wring Percy's
damn n*ck."
"Percy is your twin?" I ask, my eyes growing wide.
She smiles, bending down to grab my brace from the floor.
"Yep! We are both training to be your gamma."
"My gamma?" I ask. "I get a gamma?"
"Two, actually." She gestures to the clothing in a way to urge me to get dressed.
"And...what exactly does a gamma do...?" I ask, feeling a little dumb.
"Well, basically we are your protectors, but we also do whatever you need us to. Alpha Merikh has Beta Hayes, who will always choose him. You have me and Percy." "Wait...you will always...choose me...?" I ask, confused.
"I mean, yeah, as long as you don't do dumb shit." She laughs. "But you don't appear dumb to me. Now, hurry and get dressed so we can meet Alpha Merikh. I can still get in trouble with him, so let's not push
much."
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11
Penny leads me away from the training pitch where I can hear the warriors yell and grunts as they spar. I look over my shoulder as it grows more distant and I frown to myself, confused. I know what it sounds li supposed to be training, why the hell are we going the opposite way?
My stomach churns and realization dawns. Maybe Merikh isn't ready for his pack to meet me yet. Perhaps he fears they will find me weak and unworthy, as I originally thought. Words are empty when there is r sure has done an awful lot of making it feel the opposite.
"So that's the training arena behind us," Penny says, as if she can read my mind. "You'll be in there once your leg heals. It's really only used for sparring with the uppers."
"I see," I mumble, my eyes scanning the surrounding area.
This pack is massive, less concise than I expected. The pack house, which is the only place I've actually been, is the closest to the water's edge, looking over it like a proud parent. The rest of the pack? Nearly well a lot like I've stepped into a fairytale village.
"This is what we call Old Town." She says, spinning with her arms out like it's a marvel even to her.
"So I assume there is a new town?" I ask, and she laughs.
"We have a more modern section, yes. But this...this is our slice of the past and it's really our senior
pack members' village. The hustle and bustle of city life is that way." she points to my right and I can see the way the buildings change and the sea of people.
"And so we are going....?"
"Ah. Yeah. Sorry. We are going to the lake." She grins.
"The lake?"
"Mmhmm, the first order of business is a gentle walk."
1/6
Chapter 11
My brow is already sweating and my leg aching as we walk to the place I'm supposed to start my walk. How damn ironic that the walk there may kill me before I get the chance to start. "Okay." I try to remain positive. I mean, what kind of training did I expect with a bum leg, really?
I am so focused on my steps and reminding myself that I've had worse pain, worked harder when I felt way worse. I can do this.
When we get there, Penny spins to face me. She gives me an awkward fake curtsey with a wink and then flounces off, leaving me behind.
"Wait!" I call after her. "What the hell am I supposed to do now?"
She lifts her hands in a shrug as I frown at her back. Am I just supposed to wait here? Or start my walk on my
own? This is the first time I am outside in the pack and she expects me to just find my way back to the pack house? If I'm lucky, I will find my way back before dinner.
I groan in frustration before exhaling a huff of air and turning to look at the water.
"Which way would you like to go first?" I hear Merikh say from behind me. I look over my shoulder, a little
shocked to see him.
"First?" I squeak out.
The thought of walking much more tires me out. My leg is aching and though I feel stronger than I have in years, but the pain is draining. He chuckles as he comes up to my side.
"Training is for the entire day," He says, like the answer was so obvious. My eyes slide down to my throbbing leg and I muster a fake smile.
"Of course, let's go." I say, brushing past him, losing my balance for a moment before I clear my throat and straighten myself up.
Merikh seems to saunter behind me, either trying to keep from laughing at me or he is worried I will try to turn. around and run. I push on for a little while; the pain creeping up my thigh and into my pelvis before my side aches and I realize not only is my injury pretty severe, so is my lack of fitness.
"Stop," he says finally, his voice clipped and an edge to it. I frown, disappointed as I turn to look at him and he tilts his head, looking me over from top to bottom. "How bad does it hurt?"
2/6
Chapter 11
"It's fine," I assure him, but he frowns.
"I do not tolerate lies. In fact, I punish for them." He steps forward and my eyes grow wide at the simmer of anger I see there.
"I-I'm sorry. It's a habit...I didn't mean to lie. I'm just used to having to work through my pain." I admit, as he watches me closely. Merikh sighs, his anger melting as he shakes his head.
"Not here, not with me. If you feel pain, I want to know. I care about your well being. Have I not made that clear?"
"I'm sorry." I mutter.
"Stop apologizing and be honest. How does it feel?"
"It hurts." I whisper. "Walking is still...hard."
"Good thing we won't be walking for training today." He says, passing me and taking the lead. I scrunch my nose,
confused.
"Then what kind of training will we be doing?" I call to his back, but it falls on deaf ears as I struggle to catch up with him as the dirt grows to sand and we trudge to the waterline. Merikh stands there, his eyes w "Take off your brace," he says, pointing to the contraption at my hip that runs down my outer legs to just below my knee. I wince at the thought of losing my
crutch, but I quickly unlatch the buckles and velcro relying heavily on my other leg for support.
"Okay, now what?" I ask, and he smirks.
"Now you swim."
My eyes nearly bulge from my face, my mouth falling open to protest, but nothing comes out. I don't know how to swim. Hell, I swear I told him I've never even had a bath. But now he expects me to just... wade into the dark unknown and prove I can swim? What monsters lurk in the water that I can't see? Aren't there all kinds of fish that can bite me?
"Um." I tilt my head and look at him, then down at myself. "I don't think Penny gave me the
appropriate clothing for swimming..." I try to reason with him, but he simply smirks, only pointing at the water like he demands me to go in like this.
3/6
I whine as I slide my shoes off, wincing as a jolt of pain travels up my leg and to my chest, but I bite it back, refusing
to let him see me as any weaker than I'm certain he thinks I am. My bare feet toe the water and a shiver. runs through my b*dy as a squeal
arms and he trudges into the rips from my lips. The next thing I know I am scooped up in Merikh's powerful
arms and he trudges into the water as I cling to his n*ck, not wanting to touch the frigid water with anything more than my feet.
My hair flies into my face as my heart soars to my throat and fear grips me. I am floating through the air, hitting the cold water first with a sharp inhale before I am plunged under into the darkness of the water.
my
y back
I flail as best as I can, my legs tearing through the icy waves and my arms reach for anything to help me get my head above the water. The water muffles his laughter, but I know exactly what it is which only fue surface and squeal.
"Just stand," he says with a smug look and I go still. My feet hit the ground, my b*dy settling and going upright as I balance easily on my good leg and I find my center. My eyes find his not bothering to hide my "I almost drowned." I mutter, and he shakes his head.
"You are standing just fine."
"I've never been in water like this before!" I squeal, my anger and embarrassment taking over my thoughts as my wolf simmers below the surface. Merikh wades closer to me, stopping just before touching me. "Your wolf is stronger r now that you are here. It is okay to trust her, rely on her as she continues to grow and heal with you."
"It's not her I am having trust issues with," I mutter and his lips twitch, trying to hide yet another smile.
"How does the water feel?" he asks, tilting his head, watching me curiously. I give him a side eye before looking around.
"Uh, wet...?" I say and he waits for more from me. "And cold. Why is it so cold?"
I
"Do you like it?"
"No." I bite out as a shiver runs through my b*dy. It grips me tight, making it nearly impossible to keep my balance as I lean forward and into his warmth, my wolf and b*dy seeking the heat he seems to radiate.
4/6
Chapter 11
with a quiet laugh and I look up to see him shaking his head.
+5
the
"You are becoming more comfortable," he says finally, smiling down at me. I don't want to admit it, but yes, longer I remain in the water, the more my b*dy adjusts to the temperature and I become comfortable. "It feels better on my leg, the lack of pressure.'
"Now," he says, taking a slight step back and to my side. He grabs hold of my hand, and I swallow roughly as he gives it a squeeze. "We will walk in the water to help you strengthen your leg again. Each day, w "How long do you think that will take?" I ask curiously, and he shrugs.
"A typical werewolf? Maybe a week or two. With you I expected it being much longer, but you seem to be getting stronger
I
relatively fast now that you are here." I know it is a statement, but I can hear the question in his voice, the way he is saying it, in hopes I might have some insight to offer.
"Is that because I am mated to you?" I ask him and he hums in thought.
"Could be. But we aren't fully mated. We have accepted each other, but the mate bond hasn't been fully..."
"We haven't marked each other yet, hmm." I finish for him in thought. I furrow my brow, my brain running rampant with thoughts, and then it hits me. Maybe it's not just the bond, perhaps there is something her "You are thinking again," he mutters and I frown, stopping as I look up at him.
"Do you think...I mean, I don't see why they would...no..." I fumble through the awful thoughts. As much as I hate Leslie and she hated me, she couldn't have...
no, she wouldn't have poisoned me all this time...would she?
"You think Leslie was poisoning you?" He asks, no judgment on his face as he watches me curiously.
"I mean...I do feel better than I have since I can remember...is it possible...do you think?"
Merikh shrugs.
"Possible? Yes. Likely? Maybe. The question now would be, why did she feel she had to keep you weak? Any thoughts on that?"
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12
It's been a week already and every day has been the same routine. Wake up, grab something to eat on the way out and walk with Merikh. My healing is insanely fast and I am more convinced every day that Le
Not once has he let go of my hand when we walk in the water and even though we often walk in silence, it's comfortable and occasionally he will flirt with me. Or rather, he tries to flirt with me with a gentle push with him, eat dinner or watch a movie like we did the one time, but Hayes usually rushes him away to do something or meet with a pack mate.
"I can't believe he still hasn't introduced you to the pack yet," Penny grumbles as she turns my bed down for the night. A habit she is loving doing while I stand by awkwardly and wait to just crawl my sore b*dy into bed.
"We aren't marked yet," I remind her and she frowns at me.
"An acceptance is like an engagement ring, Cole.
My heart stops and I inhale sharply as she says the nickname I nearly forgot. Or rather i have tried to forget along with the person who called me by that name. It still hurts, it feels like it will always hurt. "Don't call me that," I snap and Penny freezes, her eyes sliding to gauge my reaction before she softens and
nods.
"I'm sorry, Luna. Sometimes I forget my place and I just sort of "
"You don't have to call me Luna, but just...you can;t call me that name...please,"
"Of course." She says, walking over to me. "I'm sorry,"
"It's okay," I sigh, "you didn't know. How could you?" Then I think for a minute and I smile. “Any nickname you want but not that,"
"Hmm...I'll think of one." She winks. "Now you should get some rest. You look exhausted."
"Ugh, thank you." I murmur, crawling into the bed as she walks to the window and closes it.
1/5
12
Chapter 12
"Could you leave it open...?" I ask her and she looks conflicted before she gives me a soft smile and nods, opening it back up. "Good night, Luna.”
I settle into my warm blankets, a smile on my lips as I know a good night's sleep is coming. I've had amazing, rejuvenating sleep every night since training started, and to say sleeping is now one of my favorite It feels like I am falling, my b*dy light and chilled as suddenly I am dropped in a swamp. The muck comes up to my thighs and I grunt as I try to release myself from it, fighting with every ounce of my b*dy as I tr Then hands swoop me up, and I am freed, tucked into a warm embrace as the person runs with me, their hood up over their face as they look over their shoulder repeatedly. I try to speak, but nothing seems to stops and sets me down. I am small now, no longer my usual height but that of a child, and the hooded figure kneels before me, pulling off their hood.
The woman's blonde hair stands out in the dark, and her worried eyes meet mine. As I try to figure out who she is, why she is in my dream and then I feel it. The draw to her in my chest, the pain in my heart as she cups my cheek with a shuddered breath.
"Do not follow me, my little water bug.
"Mom..." I whisper, and she gives me a reassuring smile.
"Please.... stay and wait. He will be here soon."
Then she rushes off.
"Who?!" I cry out, chasing after her, breaking through the thick brush and sloshing through the soggy earth. "Mom! Come back! Wait! Please!"
The green light is back, a glowing little orb that seems to guide me through this dream state, pulling me in a different direction. I stay rooted where I am. Mom said to wait here. She said he would be here soon. who he even is, I know I want to meet him, to see him. But that light grows brighter, burning my eyes the longer I remain still before it flies at my face, pestering me like a mosquito on a warm summer's eve.
2/5
(5)
I swat at it, annoyed that it won't leave me, and as I hit it, my
hand sparks and a wave of electricity shoots through me painfully. I cry out, trying to understand what the hell is happening as it comes for me again, and suddenly I am running from the menacing orb that is at pitched tune, making my ears ring, and I feel so utterly alone and desolate as I turn and run for my life.
The moon highlights the darkness of the water to my left as I weigh my options. Can I lose this orb in the water? My stomach churns at the thought of being in the dark water alone with no idea how to swim, bu I plunge into silence, one that calms me, and I allow myself the moment before I open my eyes and see the orb just above me. It dances over the rippling surface, like a bee trying to find the right flower to pollin for my face. All the air in my lungs bubbles out as I try to push myself deeper, but the orb stops short of my nose.
"Find her," a voice seems to come from everywhere around me.
My wolf whining in the back of my mind, trying to tell me something, warn me, but I am too lost in the meaning
of the voice in the water. "Find her before it is too late. She needs you, Colette."
Then the orb shoots off and I break through the surface, dazed as I gasp for air. I rush to the water's edge, coughing and shivering as I try to figure out what I need to do next. Nothing makes sense, everything "Mom!" I cry out once more, my voice cracking with emotion as I watch her look back at me and then she speeds up, pushing herself to move further away as tears well in my eyes and I try to catch her. Why is "Wait!" I scream after her, fighting against the wetness in my clothes that tries to restrict me as I run after her.
I chase her for minutes; her looking back at me with heartache in her eyes as she dodges tree branches and leaps over roots that seem to claw at me, dragging me down and helping her escape me. My leg tingles as a
branch tangles around my arm and I grow frantic, fear tearing at my chest as I think about losing her. She told me to wait, but I can't. I can see the distress in her and feel it as she slowly disappears and then s I growl as I rely on my wolf's strength for the first time, and I break free, sprinting forward. Victory is just a few
3/5
Chapter 12
yards away as my mother remains still, as if she is waiting for me, like she truly wanted me to come for her all along.
"Colette," I hear my name, but it is distant, muffled as though I am under the water again, unable to distinguish who it is calling to me..
My mom beckons for me with her hand, motioning for me to come closer to come to her
and I take a step forward, only for a root to grab my leg. It winds up my b*dy, crossing over my chest and pulling me back against a trunk, holding me there.
"Mom!" I scream, watching as she takes a small step toward me, only to stop as she screams out in pain and falls to her knees before
me. My vision goes static for a moment and a vibration seems to speak to my wolf, making it whine and pace. Then I feel the heat in my ear.
"Colette, I need you to listen to me," Merikh's voice breaks into my mind. "Focus on my voice, little mate."
I whimper as a spear breaks through my mother's chest, and she cries out my name. I fight as hard as I can; the branches growing tighter.
"No! NO!" I thrash, not caring about the pain that seems to grow more prominent
in my leg and spreads through the rest of my b*dy. "Look at me, Mom. It's okay, you are going to be okay..." I lie and whimper as she slumps forward and then her b*dy disappears.
Gone in a second and I blink, my tears ceasing as I stare at the figures before me with red eyes. They watch me, my b*dy shivering despite the warmth at my back.
"Are you back?" Merikh whispers. "Are you with me?" I crumble in his arms, my head pounding and my leg searing in pain as he takes a step back, dragging me along with him. He lifts me into his arms, and I s "Kill them if they step a damn foot over that line." He growls as he carries me away quickly.
"Merikh," I croak, my voice raw and painful. "What happened?"
"I was hoping you could tell me." He answers in a clipped tone.
4/5
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13
*Merikh POV*
Colette shivers as I set her on the bed, rushing around to grab her dry clothes and a towel. She is catatonic, sitting on the edge, staring out the window. I don't know how to help her, how to comfort her as I wra "Colette," I say, trying to get her to wake up from this shell shock. But she doesn't move, not a damn inch as she stares into a void beyond me. My lycan whines in my head, teetering between anger and worry "Colette," I growl, my voice is louder, more stern as she just stares into nothing, past my head. My fingers tickle along her jawbone, trying to force her to look up at me. She follows my movements, but her eyes at my n*ck and anger rises, boiling over when she turns her head away from me.
"Colette!" I scream, using my alpha voice to command her back to the present. She jumps in fear, a gasp escaping her lips as looks at me completely broken. I have no idea what happened in her head, what le **Merikh," she whimpers, her voice small and cracking with emotion. Shit, I may have been better off with her
being lost in her own head rather than watching her hurt like this.
"What were you thinking?" I ask her, my voice clipped.
"I wasn't-"
"Clearly not. You made me a promise. We had an agreement. We are mates now. You can not escape it. Yet I find you at the border edge, trying to break free of Percy and Penny when they tried to stop you. N My anger is unreasonable and I know I should step back and give her space, but my lycan's intense emotions are melding with mine and the strength of the second chance
mate bond only grows stronger every day I am near her. The draw to her is becoming mind numbing and the thought she would leave me. That she might have wanted to escape me and her promise. Like Laur "I'm sorry," she whispers and I sneer at her, I'm a wreck and feel like I'm losing control as I tear away from her
1/6
Chapter 13
5 1
and fly out the door ready to f**king tear Penny and Percy apart for letting her get so far. I stop at the doorjamb,
exhaling sharply.
"Get changed. I will be back." I mutter as I slam out of the room and down the hall.
As expected, I find Percy and Penny in my office waiting for me, along with Hayes. All of them wearing sullen looks on their faces as the door crashes open and I pace to the massive window overlooking the la her.
The very f**king spot I noticed her splashing into the water with that f**king green orb looming over her frantic movements. The thoughts of it have my heckles rising as I growl in my chest and shake my head, t "Where the FUCK were you two?" I hiss, whipping around to face them, figuring concentrating my anger on a source other than Colette might be best.
"She was sleeping," Penny says like it matters.
"Oh, so she is less important to me-to the pack-when she is sleeping?" I grit out. Her eyebrows shoot up in shock and her mouth falls open to retort, but Percy beats her to it. "That's not what she meant," Percy says,
"Shut up, Percy," I shoot him a scowl and he swallows, down casting his eyes. "You have one job. The both of you. What is your f**king job?"
"Protect her." They say in unison, looking at each other before looking back at the ground. It doesn't matter if they are still in training or not. A gamma protects their Luna, and they failed. "Would either of you like to enlighten me on what the HELL happened and how she ended up in the f**king lake being chased by the green, glowing little light?"
"It's my fault," Penny whispers after a tense moment of silence.
"And how, exactly, is it your fault?" I ask, hoping for some damn insight.
"I left her window open...She asked for me to leave it open as she likes to listen to the waves. I know I shouldn't have but-”
2/6
Chapter 13
"There are no waves to listen to on the lake late at night with zero wind." I sigh, pinching the bridge of my nose. Then I freeze, my eyes snapping to Hayes, who looks like he is coming to the same conclusion. "Those f**king spelling weaving dicks," Hayes grits out, slamming his fist onto my desk.
"Now the red-eyed wolves on the border make sense." I groan heavily, guilt hammering into me for losing my temper with Colette. This wasn't her fault, no this was an oversight
on my part, one that will never happen again.
"They targeted her." Percy says, "Is it another ploy to get to you? Or is it Colette they really want?"
"Both of yo
you leave. Percy, scrounge up some food and hot tea for her. Penny, make sure she is getting changed and warm. I'll be there to speak with her soon."
Percy and Penny leave without another word, and Hayes saunters over to my side.
"This isn't just them trying to get to you. It's more and I think you know that."
"They don't know shit." I grit out. "They do not know who she is. They can't."
Silence falls over us as I stare out the window again, my anger slowly fading and regret seeps in and taking over.
"Colette wasn't trying to run away, Merikh." Hayes whispers, but I pretend not to hear him. He doesn't understand how much I needed to hear him say those words. It doesn't matter how illogical the thought wa and baiting me every second.
"Okay," I say, clearing my throat.
"Why the hell are you still here?" He asks, sounding more annoyed,
"What?"
"Someone broke into her dreams and lure her into danger. Who knows what they put in her mind, what horrors she saw? She needs you to comfort her." Hayes says, scoffing at me. "Get your ass out of here a I hate when Hayes is right. And lately it's annoyingly more frequent than I care to admit.
go
comfort
I try to imagine what to say as I make my way to her room. What if she has fallen asleep already? I'll have to wake her up to check on her. Or come back tomorrow. Then again, maybe she is afraid to sleep nov
3/6
Chapter 13
ragged, almost hollow, when she was staring off into space. What if...what if they got her in her mind? What if they broke her?
It doesn't take long for me to make it to her room, yet I find myself unable to enter. So instead 1 linger outside her door, looking for the right way to enter before Percy exits. He looks at me a little shocked befor
She freezes, her eyes wide, not with shock, but with fear. Fear of me and I hate the damn feeling. Colette watches me for a moment, then I observe her shoulders as they drop and her face becomes sullen, lik may not Without wasting a moment, I make up my mind and cross the room, moving
straight for the bed. She realize it yet, but she needs me here as much as I need to be near her, so I crawl under the blankets, pulling them up as I sit with my back against the headboard.
Colette blinks, a look of bewilderment on her face as she
studies me. A frown tugs at my lips, and I sigh heavily. This is why it is so hard to be nice, because when I am nice people are too shocked to move, apparently.
"What are you doing...?" she finally asks and I quirk a brow.
"I am making sure you don't go for a swim again,"
"Is that what it was...?" She whispers, moving closer, stopping at the foot of the bed. I pat the mattress with my hand, beckoning her to come crawl in next to me. "We have slept in the same bed before, Colette."
"That was because you didn't have anywhere else to sleep."
"We are mates."
"But you haven't wanted to sleep in here with me before now."
"I am worried about your safety now. I am a light sleeper, so if you get up to sleep walk again, I will feel you move and wake you up or restrain you."
She reluctantly crawls into the bed next to me. Staring awkwardly forward as she twiddles her thumb, and we are encased in uncomfortable silence.
164/6
Chapter 13
0
+5
"What happened to me?" She finally whispers as her voice cracks. "Was any of it real? The things in my dream?"
My chest aches. Hearing the pain in her voice, the way she seems to be so confused and hurt rolled into one small person.
"You were manipulated." I say, watching her every breath and muscle twitch as she tries to understand.
"How?"
"A weaver. They are rare and wreak havoc in memories or dreams when their victim sleeps."
She looks at me, chewing her inner cheek as she process
"How did they get to me? I mean, do they have to have something like my hair or blood for that?" She asks, and I try to bite back a smile. She's damn cute
making assumptions about the magical beings like they cook up these spells over a caldron:
"Sounds." I say simply. "They imbed the spell into sounds that we find calming. For you, the waves breaking on the shore even though the waves aren't large enough for you to truly hear that kind of sound with Her eyes grow big, as if she is having a moment of enlightenment.
"It's because I slept with the window open...?
"That is how they got to you, yes. We will discuss this more in the morning if you'd prefer. Your eyes are already half closed and I am sure all this has been taxing.'
She grows pale and shakes her head.
"I don't want to sleep ever again."
"You are safe here with me," I whisper, reaching out and taking her hand. She shivers at the contact and gazes at me, words on the tip of her tongue, but she frowns instead. "What if I try to run off?" she murmurs.
"I'll hold you," I shrug
"What if I kick and bite and scream?" She whispers, tears welling in her eyes.
5/6
Chapter 13
"I'll hold on tighter."
She nods her head before she sinks deeper into the bed, her eyes on me as she pauses and exhales shakily.
"W-will you hold me now?" She barely utters the words, but my heart races, my chest aching painfully as my lungs struggle for air. She wants me to hold her now. To comfort her...now.
"Would it help you?" I ask her, my throat parched and my tongue darting out to wet my lips. She nods and I
- move down, my arm sliding under her head with the other snaking over her waist, tucking her close.
Colette stares at me for a little while as her eyes grow heavier by the second, the mate bond working to calm her. I take the time to memorize every single little perfect imperfection she may have, committing it
She sighs in content before snuggling in closer and I watch her as if in a daydream as she lifts her head and gently, her plush lips press to the corner of my mouth before she closes her eyes and falls asleep.
6/6
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14
"Colette POV
I rub my eyes, certain I must be going crazy as I peek and see Merikh's sleeping form. He stayed. Here I thought he would leave after I fell asleep. Not that he isn't a man of his words, but he is a busy man. Lo
I press my lips together nervously, looking over his slightly stubbly cheeks and the way his lips are pursed open slightly, a soft whistling nose filling the room with every exhale. He is snoring, lightly and someho to understand when the hell I would ever consider snoring of any kind S*xy. Is that the mate bond? Working to make me want him more until I just eventually give in?
I gently move closer, my fingers reaching out and hovering over his face as I frame his cheeks with my hands, being careful not to wake him.
"You are staring," he says in a low husky voice that makes me reel back in shock, rolling away and nearly flying off the bed. His arm wraps around my waist, yanking me back as I twist, and he rises on to his el "Sorry," I mumble, my eyes skirting to his lips, where I watch a small smirk appear. I look away, toward the window, and fake a yawn. "I guess it's morning."
"Mmm," he affirms with a vibrating hum and I fight back a shiver.
"We should get up," I say, though it lacks confidence.
"Should we? Do you have plans I don't know about?" He asks me and I chuckle.
"Yes, with all my friends I have here." I say and slap my hand over my mouth. It came out snarkier than I've ever spoken before, but instead of being upset, he just smirks.
"Apparently, along with your strength coming back, so is your
sass. I imagine you've been holding it in for years." He's not wrong. I look at him, worried, and he just shakes his head. "Sass me all you want, Colette. I find it endearing."
"For now," I snort and he sits up, rolling from the bed.
1
Chapter 14
"Come, let's get some breakfast." He says, looking over his shoulder.
"Like...eat with you?" I ask, taken aback.
Merikh turns to face me with an air of amusement.
"As opposed to what? eating you?" He asks and my face flames in embarrassment.
"I didn't mean it like that?" I rush out and his smile grows wider.
15
I see the twinkle in his eye, the pleasure he is getting from my heated skin and inability to look him in the face. Oh, he knows what I meant...unless...he doesn't and I'm just a dirty minded girl. I've never let my mind wander to such places before and here I am......
"Let's get breakfast and maybe you could recount what happened last night. The more we know, the more we can try to figure out what they are after." He mutters, moving toward the door. I scramble out of the "What do you usually eat for breakfast?" He asks as we leave the room and I furrow my brows, looking up at him.
"I don't usually eat breakfast."
"Coffee then?" He says, but I can hear his disappointment.
"Iced Coffee." I smile at him, and he grins, looking pleased. I don't dare tell him I drink it iced because it was always the day old coffee
that I would sneak before the kitchen maids would empty the pot each night. Iced coffee is iced coffee, so why should he care it wasn't fresh or actually was more room temperature?
"The cooks will have a spread of food for you to choose from," he says after a moment and I can only assume he mind linked everyone.
"When will I have the mindlink?" I ask, and he tucks his hands into his sweatpants pockets.
"After we mate, fully. Your wolf acknowledges me as its alpha right now, and this as its pack, but you have not been formally accepted or presented yet," he says and I can feel the weight of his eyes on me, tryi
reaction.
I hide the hurt well, though. He still hasn't presented me to his pack yet. Merikh claims to want me, he is kind
2/6
Emergency calls onlyMD
Chapter 14
and attentive and holds my hand through every grudgingly slow 'training' session I have.
Yet he still hides me away from everyone else. It is feeling more and more like I am his dirty little secret
and that's not a feeling I am keen on. The thought of him having a true Luna elsewhere creeps into the back of my mind and I try to shove it down. When I feel a tug on my
hand and I glance to see his fingers wrapping around
mine.
My eyebrows shoot up as I glance at him, my mouth agape. But he isn't watching me, he is instead leading me gently as he looks down the hallway we are venturing. The moment is sweet, and my stomach se have joined a gymnastics team as it does its own floor routine inside me.
+5
My heart races and I give his warm
hand a gentle squeeze. Not one that is entirely noticeable, but one that says I like the touch. Because I do. I feel safer when I can feel him or be near him, especially after last night.
The smell of bacon hits my nostrils and my mouth suddenly fills with saliva, the drool reminding me just how hungry I am, and then my stomach releases a feral cry for
food and Merikh chuckles to himself, pleased.
"Looks like we made it just in
time, any longer, and it sounds like your stomach would have tried to eat me." He wears a mischievous grin on his perfect lips and I bite back a laugh. He is right. Any longer and I may have gnawed on him. As we enter the massive kitchen, I see the display of nearly every breakfast
dish I can name, and I lick my lips. I if she finally get to try all these things I have watched Leslie enjoy and taunt me with since I can remember. Oh, could see me now, she would be damn livid. And that though "Grab a plate and take what you want," Merikh says and suddenly I'm stuck, rooted to the ground as my b*dy nearly recoils at the thought of breaking the rules.
Breakfast isn't for people like me. I want to try everything that was prepared, but the thought of eating it brings back the memories of my maid training. The discipline I was told from a young age I had to learn. I was lowlier even compared to them. Merikh ushers me to the dining room table before he maneuvers around my chair and loads up one plate, laying it before me. Then he grabs his own and sits next to me. "Eat," he says, pushing a fork into my hand as I look at him. All the memories of the painful beatings, the way my fingers ache in memory of being rapped on the knuckles for trying to eat when I hadn't been tol
Colette, please cat," he says and I look up at him, a concerned frown on his lips as he stands at the counter, paused. "You need your strength."
"Okay," I smile, but it falters when I look back at the plate.
So instead of looking at the food. I close my eyes and shovel whatever I get on my fork into my mouth and I moan. The hash browns mixed with the
perfectly seasoned and fluffy eggs tastes like heaven as I chew and swallow, opening my eyes and pushing more in.
Merikh sits across from me chuckling as he drops an iced coffee before me. I tilt my head, looking at it as he watches me closely, and I hesitantly reach out and take a sip.
"Holy shit." I mutter, slurping more of it down. "What is this? It's so good."
"Iced coffee..." he looks at me confused. "Do you just drink iced black coffee?"
I nod, and he snorts.
"Are you a serial killer? Iced coffee should be flavored."
"I wasn't-"
"Allowed. I'm seeing a trend here." He murmurs, leaning forward and resting his elbows on the table, his eyes. glued to me. But I can't find the will to care as I set up a routine of scooping up food, then sucking
coffee.
"Can I ask you some questions about last night?" he asks finally and I slide my eyes in his direction.
"Feed me like this and I will tell you anything you want to hear." I murmur and he grins.
"Now tell me, what was your dream about?" He asks.
My movements freeze and I sit back from my plate, looking out the window with a heavy sigh.
"It's the same nightmare I always have. Well, kind of, it's a little different from before."
"What was different?"
"She spoke in this one." I murmur, her words echoing in my head, the clarity and fear in the words. It was her
4/6
Chapter 14
voice, the mother I could never remember...
His brow pinch above his nose and he hums in question.
101089% 18:14
"What did she say?" He asks softly. I press back into my seat, watching him before deciding I trust him. I don't know him well, but I trust him nonetheless.
"She told me to stay, that they would be there soon,"
"But she has never mentioned that part before?" He asks, frowning, and I nod.
"She would say it, I think, but it was always silent...my dreams. More like she was
mouthing the...
"Hmm, that is interesting." Merikh says, getting lost in his thoughts before he shakes his head in thought and takes a sip of his hot coffee. "Did she say his name? Anything to help identify him?" "No," I frown, "just that he would be there soon. Then the green orb showed up and chased me into the water."
"Did it hurt you?" He asks. "I saw you from my office window and you looked..." he pauses, clearing his throat and with the sound his face changes from distant to reserved. "You looked very distressed." "Yeah, it spoke to me, too." I whisper. A shiver rolls through me at the memory. The voice telling me she needs me. That I need to hurry.
His brows rise in surprise. "It did? What did it say?"
"That I needed to go to her. That my mom needed me."
"Did you save her? In your dream?" He asks softly and I bite my lip, looking down at the plate, dragging my fork.
over the eggs.
"No, I watched her die..." my voice cracks and his war hand covers mine. "I've never seen that part before..."
"Weavers can morph your dreams to fit what they want. But there are clues, little ways to tell what is out of the ordinary."
"Like what?" I ask, peeking up at him. The image of her dying in front of me won't ever go away, but if there is a chance I don't have to see it again, that this nightmare wasn't originally mine... then I will cling to that tiny bit of hope.
5/6
"Voices that aren't meant to speak sound tinny. Like someone is talking through a metal can and images have a distorted outline, not too distinguishable but enough to make the figure look almost of focus."
My mouth goes dry, my stomach heavy, and I stop playing with my food. The green orb's voice was most definitely different, sounding like someone was hollering into a tin can. But my mom, watching her being there was no distortion on that. My brows furrow and the corner of
lips tug down in a
frown.
"And if the things I saw weren't distorted...is it possible they are still fake?" I ask in a soft whisper.
"No." he says, but I don't see him. I can't focus on his face, then my eyes are blurring with tears.
"Is there a way to tell if it's just a nightmare or memories?" I ask, looking up and meeting his guarded eyes.
"Only you can determine that."
"How?"
"Sometimes there are things we just know. We can feel it in our guts, but we can't explain it...this is one of those. times to trust your gut, Colette."
The tears break free, strolling down my face as I bite back a sob. Every fiber of my being is telling me I know the truth. I know the parts that are real and made up. And what I think I know is that I witnessed my
murder.
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15
"Colette?" Merikh calls out to me, concerned. I give him the best fake smile I can muster.
I can tell he isn't falling for it. The fake grin to hide the pain that was creeping in and taking over my heart. He stands suddenly, reaching down and pulling me up into a warm, comforting embrace.
My hands instinctively slide up his back, cradling his shoulders as my grip grows tighter. The replay of my mother's death in my dream plays on a loop
in my mind. I wince every time I see it pierce through her, and he
holds me closer.
I didn't even realize the silent tears had turned to sobs as he strokes my hair and hums in my ear to calm me. I
don't want to let go, to pull away from him, but after what feels like a long time, I wrap my arms around his waist and press my cheek to his chest with a heavy sigh. "Are you going to be okay?" he asks.
His voice is so tender and full of worry, and I feel the urge to look up at him. The need to see his green eyes and witness his gentle smile is too much to fight right now. For a man of so much death and destruct "Yeah, I don't really have any other options." I sigh..
"Has anyone ever told you how beautiful you are?" he asks, looking over my face from feature to feature. My usual blush creeps up my n*ck and seeps into my cheeks as they grow warm. He seems to melt int “Thanks...” I murmur, stepping out of his embrace. “I think."
"You are so much stronger than you realize. There is so much in you that you still don't see."
"And what is it you see in me?" I ask him. His demeanor shifts slightly, his expressions shutting down and going stoic as he seems to think about the question.
"What I see in you is a way forward, Colette." he says. "I see the future of this pack and it all is riding on you."
I scoff and roll my eyes. "Now I know you are lying. What kind of future or way forward can I bring? You are
3/7
Emergency calls onlyMa
Chapter 15
mistaken."
101089%
18:14
"Not about this," he says, a small smile cracking through his cool demeanor. His compliments confuse me. The words he speaks seem like they have hidden meaning. Yet, I can't find it, instead I'm just left feeli
confused and a lot more drawn to him.
He reaches for my iced coffee and hands it to me with an indecipherable look. "I think you would really benefit
from a visit to the healing waters today." He announces.
"Uh...
but I am healing fine. Actually, better than fine. I am healing faster than anyone else I've ever known now that the poison from Leslie is out of my system. The healers say my leg can handle being walked now a couple of days."
"You still think it was her poisoning you, don't you?" he asks, and I scrunch my nose.
"I mean, of course I do. What other reason would it be? I've not thought up a more valid reason, can you?" I ask, and he shrugs.
"I'm sure there are many other logical reasons, but that is beside the point. The healing waters will ease your mind in a way that your wolf can't. The aromatics from the herbs and oils, along with the warm wate
I think about what he says, remembering the lake and how cold it is, but then I recall the steam from his bath and how he just mentioned warm water and suddenly the whole idea sounds appealing.
"Do I have to be n*ked?" I ask, arching a brow, and he looks at me like I'm crazy.
"I wasn't n*ked the time you barged in on me in the waters." he teases and I click my tongue. "Excuse me, I just wanted to help you." I protest and he just shakes his head in amusement. "And help you did." he gives a small bow in appreciation and I try to fight the growing grin. "Fine." I roll my eyes playfully, giving into him, "I will go to the healing waters. Happy?" "Very much." He nods, a glint in his eyes. "I will have someone pull it together for you."
"Can I take it later tonight? Bathing now feels.... a little useless before a workout. I want to train today and then I
will take one."
Emergency calls onlyMDE
Chapter 15
"You are sounding like a Luna with those demands," he bites back a pleased smirk.
"I feel more comfortable...I guess." I shrug and he laughs.
"With me or the pack?" he asks.
"Both, actually..." I admit, and he exhales with a nod.
"Fine. if you feel you are ready to train today, then let's start now."
089%
18:14
15
My muscles scream out in total agony, my mind mush and my b*dy covered in sweat. Merikh follows behind me and I swear I can feel him trying to hold his laughter in. Here I thought we would continue our us "What the hell was that?" I ask him with narrowed eyes. Merikh just looks at me with a barely there smug smirk
before looking away quickly. He is enjoying this all way too much.
"Your next level of training. You were saying you are healing faster, so why not step up the training a little faster
as well?."
"Yeah, remind me to not speak out of turn. Apparently, all I do is put my foot in my damn mouth." I grumble and he breaks into a laugh that feeds the very core of me, making my whole b*dy heat.
My legs feel like jello and my lungs are searing from the workout they were given as well. I look over my shoulder and watch him. I am in complete awe of how he would ever need a second chance, mate. The rumor for so long had been that she rejected him because of his scarred face. Yet here I am. Watching the
most handsome being I have ever laid eyes on laugh like an angel. He may be one of death, but the fact remains, he is unearthly beautiful and more so when he smiles.
rikh, why did your mate reject you?" I ask him and he freezes, his entire b*dy rigid and his eyes near dead. The transformation from warm and laughing Alpha to cold and murderous is so fast I nearly get whipla "I don't want to talk about her," he snaps as he pushes past me.
"Why not? If you have a new mate, shouldn't you be over your last one?" I ask, and he takes two large steps,
3/7
Emergency calls only MO
Chapter 15
10089% 18:14
overtaking me as he grips my elbow.
"It is none of your business," he grits out before yanking his arm away and recoiling back from me. "Make sure you go to the healing waters after this. I will be late to the
room tonight," then he pushes past me, leaving me behind to gape and wonder what the hell just happened.
When I make it into the pack house, Penny finds me and gives over my shoulder to someone behind me. I glance back to see Percy nod back to her as he takes off.
"Has he been stalking me all day?" I ask, and she grins.
"Oh, for sure. I keep telling him that stalking women is a terrible habit, but what can I do? Creeps are gonna
creep."
"Oh, I can't wait to tell him you said that." I chuckle and she shrugs.
"He will never believe you," she winks, falling instep beside me.
We walk for a moment
in comfortable silence as I contemplate asking her the question the Merikh shut down so angrily. Then I realize I have a right to know. It's part of this pack's history and I am supposedly this pack's future. How
"Penny..."
"Yes?"
"If I ask you questions, do you have to answer me?" I ask tentatively.
She looks at me, confused. "I guess it depends on the question and how it's important to you?”
"I want to know about Merikh's ex mate..." I tread lightly with my words, looking around and waiting for a backlash. Instead, she throws her hands up with an exasperated sigh.
"Well, it's about damn time," she says.
"Wait what?"
"I've been dying to tell you, but you had to ask me first. Let me know you are serious about being Alpha's new mate and our Luna."
4/7
Emergency calls onlyMD
Chapter 15
10089% 18:14
"Uh...ok." I say, not bothering to think much about what she says. I have questions and I want answers. "So,
what is her name?"
"Oh, you mean was?" She quirks a brow.
"Was? As in, she is dead?" I ask and she grins, nodding yes.
"Like damn dead. Lauren lost her head, kind of dead. She dead dead." She says in a creepy way too happy about it, upbeat voice.
"Okay, she's dead, but how?" I ask and she looks away for a second.
"You can't freak out until I tell you the entire story. Okay? Promise?"
"Well, that's already not a great start." I admit anxiety squeezing my insides like it's an orange in a juice factory.
"Yeah, well...it's obviously not a fairytale considering her current location." She chuckles.
I look at her weirdly and she grins, then rolls her eyes. "Because she is six feet under. Pushing up daisies. Yeesh, slow on the uptake today, Luna Letty." she mutters.
"It's a little weird how excited her death makes you."
"If Alpha weren't so hurt by it all, everyone would react like this. Lauren deserved her ending."
"And yet you still tell me nothing." I remind her.
"Okay, okay," she sighs, peeking around the hall as we get closer to the room. "Lauren grew up here, everyone. sort of...
well... she wasn't everyone's favorite pack member, but when they realized they were mates, it didn't matter and it seemed like she changed, truly changed."
"What happened?"
"She was a spy," Penny says, a cloud of anger hovering around her now. She is hiding behind her jokes, but I can feel how much she truly detested the luna before me.
I give her an incredulous look. "A spy? For who? The rogues?"
"Worse..." she grins, waiting for me to guess. I swallow, not wanting to look like an idiot, as I rack my brain for a
5/7
Emergency calls onlyM
Chapter 15
good guess.
"The...wi-"
01089%
18:14
+5
"Vampires." she cuts me off and I say it with her like it was totally my guess too. Then my eyes nearly bulge from my head.
"WHAT!?" I cry out loud and she slaps her hand over my mouth, shoving me into the room.
"The vampires, damn, why are you so surprised? They are the most back-stabby supernatural being there are."
"Right, obviously," I try to play along.
It's not like I didn't know they existed, except that's sort of exactly what I thought. Like I know, Merikh has said that there are other supernatural beings out there, but that was early in our relationship. I couldn't
joking or not.
"She wasn't just giving them information but as Luna, she was able to
invite them into pack grounds in the middle of the night. We didn't just lose twelve warriors to one vampire, we lost our former alpha, Alpha Merikh
and beta Hayes Dad. They found Lauren talking with the vampire in question about where to find Merikh to kill
him next over his father's blood let b*dy."
My heart feels like it's in a vice grip and I clutch my chest, hoping to relieve some of the tension there.
"So he killed her." I whisper, and I find I can't blame him. I would have done the same thing without a second
thought.
"No." she shakes her head. "He had a public execution and had her beheaded."
The blood drains from my face, but not because of how he executed her or that he sentenced her to death and
watched it. But at how much it must have hurt him and
his lycan to watch his mate die. To be the one to order it before his whole pack. Acknowledging he was wrong to choose her. His wrong choice led to a devastating loss.
No wonder he doesn't want to announce me to the pack yet. Holy crap, no wonder he chose me. I am too weak to do anything like that and get away with it. He chose the weakest option, with no ties to anyone desire to find his second chance mate. How could he ever trust someone when the mate bond blinds him?
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16
Steam rolls off the glistening pool, beautiful purple petals dotting the surface with sprigs of lavender and other various herbs melding together to make the perfect recipe for calm and healing. It smells amazing "It feels amazing, doesn't it? The air?" Penny says, releasing a satisfied groan. Then she moves around me with a plush navy robe and a set of slippers. She sets them on a chair near the steps of the water ar much."
"Is everyone allowed to use them?" I ask her, and she shakes her head.
"Yes, but this one is for the alpha family's personal use. We all have one in our own homes, but without all the marble and ornate gold displays. Also, much smaller, like ten person bath, not 200 person pool." She gives me an amused wink.
"I see." I mutter, moving over to the chair and slipping off my shoes.
Penny apparently figured
out my clothing size and sorted out a bikini for me. Not that I'm not grateful, but this might be more revealing than the underwear I own. I'm not quite comfortable in my skin, so I wait for her to give me a nod as
I release a nervous sigh and undress down to my suit before taking one last look at the untouched water. It's amazing how much it just looks like it will heal me. So I step in, dipping my toes into it first as heat s "Healing water, my ass," I mutter to myself. "More like boiled Colette soup with how hot that is." I bite my bottom lip, groaning in lead
up before I gently step down onto the first step, holding my breath to keep from letting out a squeal.
The liquid burns my skin, the oils and herbs latching onto my flesh as I step down one more and then another. until I am fully in the pool. I bend my knees, allowing the water up to my n*ck as I exhale in relief, Every Achey muscle seems to meld with the water, feeling like it is just an extension of me. It almost tickles, the way it swirls around my skin and draws out my pain with something as simple as heat and medic herbs.
1/5
Chapter 16
I reach up and pull my hair out of its elastic band and tilt my head back, submerging it up to my hairline as a satisfied gasp dances past my lips and I smile. My wolf is happy. Each moment leads to more relaxa washes away.
For a second I feel the pull to put my head under the water, but my stomach tightens in fear and I decide to give myself a little more time. The last time my head was fully submerged was in my nightmare state. at least not at this precise moment.
Instead, I move to the stairs and sit, resting my head on one of the upper steps as a sort of anchor, then I allow my b*dy to float up. My b*dy is weightless, my mind free as my eyes fall closed and my wolf pran Since being here, since losing Grady, she has done nothing but hide, only doing what she must to keep me aware of her presence. It felt like we were no longer in sync- well, for years really, but now, she has allowed me back in. Her presence growing stronger by the second. And my heart and soul feel at ease.
I hum in the large room, my voice echoing back to me. I've never had an affinity for music, but it feels natural to sing when
you are at peace and right now is the most at peace I have ever been. My mind wanders many places, from the dream to my terrible past and back to the present where I am.
Then suddenly, I am suffocating. I sit up, my hand on my throat as I choke on the air, looking around frantically, watching as the room fades away
and I am back in the swamp. I can feel where I am, my hands and legs wet and warm grounding me in knowing I am still physically in the healing waters. But mentally, visually, I am lost and scared. I drop lowe There are no green orbs, no other person other than me, and a voice. Her voice. Then she appears and I watch as my mom takes a seat and rests her head back, closing her eyes and she sings. "A longing for the tales,
one of legends told,
I'll sing to you, my love, in the ways of the old,
For when a mate cries out in the dark,
The other must always heed,
2/5
Emergency calls onlyMDE
Chapter 16
the one singular cry in their time of need.
So come to me, my love,
come complete your soul,
Your mate is calling you home
Your mate is calling you home."
101088% 18:15
My heart aches at the sadness in her tone, the way the words break her heart, and I watch as tears stream down her face. I reach out, remembering this is all in my mind. Her eyes turn to me, distant at first be My knees go weak and I fall, my head plunging into the
wetness and my b*dy jolts. The image of my dying mother bleeds from my mind like a memory fading, the thought gone even as I try to conjure it back. And I find myself in the darkness before I find my footing
I open my eyes, blinking at the steam, my consciousness back in the now. The words of her song resound in my mind. That was no dream, but a memory, one the
waters pulled from me. How? I don't know how, but I know it
to be the truth. I can feel it.
The past has always been hidden from me, shrouded in despair and darkness. No matter how hard I tried, I could remember nothing from before being in the pack. But now...
now I have a voice, an image I thought was made up or thought was just a nightmare. And now I have a song.
Her song. My mom's song.
And I know where I got my singing voice. I smile to myself. Because she sure as shit wasn't phenomenal. That fear I held, the one of the water, is replaced with a reverence. This is where I found her again, where my soul felt comfortable enough to open up and allow little bits of me to seep out.
I close my eyes, a smile on my lips as I head to the steps again, and sit. I never want to leave this room. It feels. sacred now. Like a connection between what was lost and what I now have. A bridge from my pa
The words to her song tumble out of me, echoing through the room as it makes me feel closer to her. I sing it on repeat, familiarizing myself with the tune she used and the words I heard, refusing to forget then
3/5
Emergency calls onlyMT
Chapter 16
10088% 18:15
My voice echoes off the walls, bouncing back to me, and the water around me moves with the vibrations as if it's dancing to my words. Then I feel a shift. My eyes snap open, squealing out in shock as leaning "W-where did you come from?" I ask, clutching my chest. He looks pained as he moves closer, like he was injured. and is seeking healing, but from me.
"Don't stop singing." He says, his voice a husky whisper as he continues to stalk me down like prey.
I furrow my brow, confused, but I repeat the words, slowly and softly. Merikh reaches under the water, finding my hand as he pulls me up and drags my b*dy flush to his. He holds me, looking down at me with lust filled eyes.
I finish the verse, unsure if I should continue again. So Instead, I hum the tune and he leans down, pressing his forehead to mine. Merikh inhales deeply, consuming my scent as he groans in satisfaction. "I am sorry for being a jackass." He mutters. "Forgive me,"
His apology catches me off guard, and I pull back, looking up into his sincere face. He looks distraught, like someone died and worry leaches into me. I slide my hand up his n*ck, cupping his cheek.
"I shouldn't have asked about her..." I breathe.
He shudders as the sparks seem to whizz through us, weak still, but growing stronger. I force him to look at me, but his eyes fall
to my lips before coming back to my eyes. I stare at his green, watching the desire and unbridled lust that stir there. It nearly
bowls me over to see it, to think he could want me and my b*dy burns in places I've never felt before.
"I want to k*ss you, Colette." He admits, the tip of his nose teasing mine and then nudging my cheek.
"What's stopping you?" I ask, feeling bold as my heart nearly pops out of my chest. He freezes, eyes boring into me, searching for any resistance
on my end, resistence he won't find becuase I want this. I want his lips against mine and his undivided attention. So after a mere second Merikh closes the distance, his lips pressing against mine in the most p
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17
"Merikh POV
My b*dy vibrates with her touch, my lycan damn near purring as her soft lips move against mine. It's like the celebration dinner all over again, my b*dy giving in where I know I should pull back, but I can't. Not t I am forever wrapped up in everything Colette.
Her hands are warm from the water as they glide up my heaving chest, wrapping around my n*ck. My b*dy shivers under her touch and I k*ss her deeper, unable to breathe the air around me, only her.
My hand tangles in her wet hair as I tilt her chin up, giving me better access to explore her mouth. My other
hand slides down her wet back, my thumb looping into the back of her bikini bottoms. The rest of my palm rests over
the fabric.
I crave grabbing a handful of her ass, dragging her b*dy up me and
spreading her little legs around my waist. But Colette isn't someone you fling around, not like that. Not yet. She's a delicate flower, a water lily that needs time and so long as this is what we do with that time... I can manage. For a short while.
She moans as she tries to tug me closer, her b*dy rolling against mine with a delicious vibration that only serves the purpose of making everything harder. Like pulling away from her and, well...me, clearly. "Colette," I murmur against her lips.
She hums in acknowledgement and then she moves her head to my cheek, k*ssing my face before moving to my ear. Her breathing is like a feather over my ears and it makes me shiver as a hungry moan slip
I walk her back, trying to find something to press her against. I can't have her, not the way I crave, but I sure as shit can't stop this moment. Right now, it's the only thing keeping me breathing. The second I pul A knock sounds at the door and ignore it. f**k them. I don't care who it is or what they
want. Right now I'm servicing my queen. The knock grows louder and Colette must finally hear it as she tears away, covering her lips. and looking away. She is hiding again from me, her shell quickly coming ba
1/5
Chapter 17
"What?" I growl at the door. Who ever it is could have easily used the mindlink,
"Alpha, I have come from the council with the official decision on your appeal to-"
0
"Yes, I will be with you in a moment." I grit out, taking a step away from
Colette who looks at me, lips parted and red. Her hair is a mess with her innocent eyes wide in shock, watching me. I tilt my head, drinking in the view. "Exquisite," I breathe. I reach out, cupping her cheek, dragging the pad of my thumb over her lips. "I will see your
tonight,"
"I thought you said you would be working late," she murmurs in a daze.
"I moved things around." I smile. "You should get dressed and rest. The healing waters can only do so much, but you will still be sore tomorrow."
She looks a little confused, tilting her head slightly and I notice a hue of blue in her brown eyes I've never seen before. For a moment, I think she will say something, but she doesn't. Instead, she closes her mo "Okay. I'll see you in a bit." She bites her lip as I turn toward the stairs.
I stop for a moment before I turn back and drag her close, dropping a k*ss on her forehead. As much as I want to deny the pull to her, I can't. Be it the second chance bond or just who she is, I am falling hard e
reservations.
"I'll see you soon," I sigh, releasing her and rushing out of the water.
I move to the chair, grabbing my towel and changing my clothing, while Colette looks' away, her innocence still intact, as I grin to myself, hoping she took a peek all the while knowing she didn't.
When I push out the door, I find the messenger from the council waiting for me. His unnatural looking silver hair flows down past his shoulders, dusting over his deep blue double-
breasted vest. At least they sent a messenger! get along with.
"Ezrah." I nod and he grins, walking next to me as we make our way to my office.
"Good to see you again, Alpha," he bows his head in respect and I sigh.
"I take it my appeal was once again rejected?" I ask.
2/5
Chapter 17
"Lost by one." He responds a small smirk on his lips. I look at him, shocked. For years, I have repealed the ruling that landed our kind ostracized by the council that protects their members and allows them acc "One?" I ask, narrowing my eyes. "Who changed their mind?"
"I am not allowed to share those details, Alpha. You know the rules." he shrugs.
"Yeah," I grumble, running my hands through my hair. "Yeah, I know the damn rules."
"If you had a Luna, it might change things," he says, looking at me and I know he sees the redness of my lips
from my
time with Colette.
"Why would that make a difference?" I ask, keeping my little luna a secret from him for now. She is my secret weapon, one I am not ready to let the council know I have yet.
"They want proof that your kind has..." He pauses, looking for the right word.
"A weakness." I scoff. "I believe that is the word you are looking for."
"A weakness?" He rears his head, sliding his hands into his matching blue pants. "Interesting way to put it alpha. I was going to say anchor. Someone to keep you grounded. To reach you when you are otherwi unreachable. If you understand my meaning."
"I have seen how some of the council members treat their other halves." I frown. "There is no grounding there. Just pure ownership and S*xual drive."
"Ah, but their kind has not been kicked from the council, nor are they notorious for acting out before thinking. Your kind, however..." he falls off, knowing I know where he is going.
And I admit, he may have a point there, but I refuse to acknowledge that. I turn, pushing my office door open and motioning him to enter. He obliges me, and I see Hayes sitting in the corner with a grin on his fa
"Is there a message you would like to relay to the council?" Ezrah asks. He pulls an envelope from the breast pocket, placing it on the desk, and I see the same seal I always do.
"I see Caspian is still the head of the council." I frown. The dickhead who keeps fighting me, even though our
3/5
Chapter 17
terms have been fulfilled and time served. He has it out for us, not that the feeling isn't mutual.
"He is." He watches me with a glimmer of amusement. "You know the rules. He has some time left to be the
leader."
"Because he stole my kinds term, I should be at that seat." I growl low in my chest. "Not some fish stick asshole."
"If your
kind had followed the laws, things would be very different, Alpha. But as it stands, your great grandfather was not one for the rules and the council fears the term has not yet been long enough for a lesson to ha
"That's bullshit." I hiss, hammer my fist on my desk. "They all are hoping enough time passes to make us forget. They've abandoned us."
"I am merely a messenger," He frows. Then he lays a separate note next to the one containing the refusal to let us back into the council.
"What is this?" I ask, furrowing my brow as I grab it and tear it open..
"That I do not know. I only deliver the news. This was in my pile to deliver."
"Yet you knew what was in the first letter." Hayes reminds him and Ezrah shrugs.
"I was given the details to share verbally, the other note I know nothing about other than the destination. But now I must go before my portal closes," he says, checking the clock above my head. "Thank you." I sigh. Even if he brings bad news, Ezrah is easily the more respectful of the messengers.
"Always a pleasure, Alpha Merikh." he gives a head bow and sees himself out.
Hayes pops up, rushing over the desk like a hungry dog looking for a treat.
"Open the damn thing. I want to see what it says."
"Leave." I say, smirking. His face falls.
"What?"
"No warning about Ezrah being here and you sent him to find me." I remind him, and he scoffs.
4/5
Chapter 17
"I always do that with him."
"But it rarely interrupts... things," I growl, my lycan coming forward to show him our displeasure. Shock gives way to amusement, and he laughs.
"Damn, so you put some moves on her in the healing waters? Very unoriginal, but it's a start," he teases and I scowl, sitting in my chair and pointing to the door. "Oh, come on! It was an honest mistake. I didn't "Next time you do that, I will have you punished." I scowl at him.
"I swear on the heavens, never again...for a while." he grins and I roll my eyes, opening the letter glancing down at the printed font on paper with only three lines.
-Keep your Luna close. She is the stuff of dreams...or nightmares. Can't wait to meet her at the council meeting.-
"What the fuck?" I mumble, my blood running cold as I read it again and again. Hayes takes it from my hand. His eyes snap up to mine.
*So the wolves...the stupid f**king dream weavers..."
"Someone from the council knows more than they should." I mutter and he growls in anger.
"We have a f**king traitor." He hisses, running his han
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18
*Colette POV
I watch Merikh as he works in his office, his head down and a frown on his lips. He has been like this since the night we k*ssed in the healing waters. And that was just over two weeks ago.
He snaps at everyone, especially Hayes, the two of them bickering back and forth under their breath
as I try to tune them out and not listen. That would be an easy feat, a maid pretending not to hear what they hear, but I'm not a maid like Merikh likes to remind me almost every day. I'm his Luna. So I listen. "No luck finding the mole yet?" I ask, arching a brow. His eyes snap up, the speck of surprise melting away into an amused smile.
"And here I thought you were so enthralled in your books that you weren't listening."
"You enthrall me," I mutter, chewing the inside of my cheek shyly. He pushes away from his desk, then stands, all the while pinning me with his eyes as he stalks me down like prey. I remain still, like a deer in th "I enthrall you, hmm?" He stops at the foot of my comfy chair.
"It's a fun word, isn't it?" I smile up at him innocently and I see him fighting back the playfulness he so rarely lets
loose.
“Tell me, what is it about me enthralls you, my little Luna?" he leans forward, his hands coming on either side of my ears, pressing into the back of the chair as his nose dances dangerously close to mine.. It's already getting harder to breathe in his presence. Just being near him brings me a calm, and a storm rolled into one. The safety net of his aura and the danger of my attraction to him.
I'm falling hard and I have not the damnedest clue how to tell him I am ready for the next step without sounding like a wanton woman. I find myself unable to speak as he closes the distance and brushes his no
My mouth runs dry and my eyes flutter closed, begging him to k*ss me again like he did when we were in the healing water. Two
weeks of pining for that touch, that passion, only to suffocate in this S*xual tension that could easily snuff out the sun.
1/5
Emergency calls only MO
Chapter 18
"I like you, Merikh." I rasp out and he tilts his head, surprised.
"You...like me?" he asks.
"I do." Ladmit.
"You mean you feel safe with me," He says as I watch him with a critical eye.
"No, I mean, I have feelings for you." I reiterate, and he seems skeptical.
"It's been three weeks." He states, and I roll my eyes.
"And for two of those three weeks you have slept next to me, held me when I had a nightmare and have stuck by my side..." I pause. "I don't want to leave He freezes, blinking at me. "You are sure...?"
your
side."
"Yes," I chuckle, reaching up, only hesitating for a split second before I cup his cheek. "I've lived more in these past three weeks than I ever did in my first twenty-one years." "We will announce you to the pack tomorrow." He murmurs, a smile on his plump lips as he gently brushes them over mine. I gasp, my mouth tumbling open in hopes of a k*ss. "Tomorrow," I mutter, lost in the warmth of his breath as it teases over my skin.
"And then I will mark you, and make you mine, officially." He closes the distance, his mouth covering mine in a gentle k*ss, much different from the one before. This one is restrained, much more controlled, and "Merikh," he says, out of breath, his eyes looking from me and then back to Merikh in alarm.
"What is it?" Merikh growls, standing.
Silence falls over them. Hayes is doing a whole lot of talking with his eyes and I realize he is resorting to the mindlink. Gone are the whisperings, replaced with a way to hide things from me. I'm not a fan of bei
I can feel the anger rolling off him as his skin goosebumps and he cracks his n*ck, trying to remain in control. Something terrible must have happened for him to lose control like this. I glance at Hayes, who we
2/5
Emergency calls only
Chapter 18
look on his face as he stares down his older brother before he drops his chin.
0088% 18:16
"What is wrong?" I ask, standing and reaching out to touch Merikh's arm. His muscles flex as he works his fist open and closed and then slowly looks down at me.
"Nothing you need to worry about," he mutters, dropping a k*ss on the top of my head. "Why don't you some dinner with Penny and Percy?" He says, stepping away from me, going cold. go grab
His change in demeanor has my stomach in knots, as I think of all the possibilities. The only thing I can think of is they figured out who the mole is, and it was someone he trusted and he is feeling betrayed.
"I would rather eat with you..." I admit, watching him nervously. His anger seems to melt a little as he offers me
a soft smile.
"Maybe a walk then, since I haven't taken you to training and your leg still needs the exercise."
"Okay," I say, but in truth, I would rather remain by his side.
"I've mind linked Penny. She will meet you on the trail. Percy will be your shadow," Hayes whispers as I walk past him, and I nod.
"Thank you, Hayes."
I look over my shoulder once more as I walk out the door, catching Merikh watching me as I leave. He smiles softly when he realizes he has been caught, and it sends a thrill through me. I have no idea how thi
hor
The walk through the packhouse is eerily quiet, no one enters the halls or even watches me as I slide out the side door. Not that it is common to be stopped or acknowledged but it's strange doing these things without Merikh or
my gamma gang.
Thankfully it doesn't take me long to make it to the trail once I leave the pack house. The walk through the old town makes me smile, knowing that this is all mine, truly mine, as of tomorrow. There is no taking it back or kicking me out once Merikh accepts me.
It also means there is no escape for me, but why would I want to escape when he makes life feel like wanted? What Merikh sees in me I will never understand. I'm just glad he sees more than anyone else ever Emergency colls only.
Chapter 18
10088%
18:16
My excitement swells and I find myself walking faster to get to Penny. I can't wait to tell her the news. She is going to freak out and want to help me pick out a dress and thank the heavens for that, because I ha I look around, expecting to
have come across her by now, but I see nothing. I spin, looking behind me and in the shadows where Lexpect Percy to be, but again I see nothing. A strange feeling falls over me, and my skin prickles
with awareness.
Something is wrong
I can feel the way it creeps up my skin, setting off alarm bells in my head and I whimper, unsure of what the
hell to do. Percy is supposed to be with me somewhere hidden, and Penny can't be too far off. f**k, I wish I had that mind link up and running right now.
"Percy?" I call out, spinning as I wring my
hands together. Where the hell is everyone? My wolf whines, making her presence known while we wait for a response. Percy doesn't make a peep, and I can feel the dread creeping
in on me.
"Percy!" I hiss into the shadows of the trees, but if he is there, he doesn't answer me. “It's fine, it's probably just because I'm not used to being alone anymore... I try to reassure myself.
Then I see it, a figure moving toward me and I breathe a little easier. Until I realize it's not the redheaded man who is supposed to be protecting me. Nor is it his twin sister with a spunky personality. I wait for a "Shit!" I squeal as I turn and sprint up the trail and through the trees, leaping over roots and sidestepping rocks, like I do in my training sessions.
It takes longer than I'd like to admit, but I make it to the clearing at the top of the hill. Twenty more feet. I just need to make it twenty feet further for Merikh to see me on the ledge from his office. That is all it will
I try to crawl away, screaming out for Percy or Penny again, hoping they are close enough to hear me. But again, no one comes to aid me. The person on my back wrestles with me as I throw an elbow back an
my arm.
At least I hit the asshole in the face. They groan in pain, falling off me with curse words and I twist, popping up as fast as I can, ready to put up a good damn fight. Then I pause, squinting my eyes to make sure
18:16
Emergency calls only MON
Chapter 18
"Grady?" I ask, shocked, eyes wide now as I glance around for anyone who might come after him. If Percy or Penny show up now he is dead man.
"Cole," he breathes, stumbling forward and cupping my face, a massive smile on his lips like he has never been so happy "I found you,"
"What the hell are you doing here?" I hiss, ushering him as far from the ledge as I can get him..
"I came for you," he mutters, looking confused as I pull his hand away from my face.
I frown at him, trying to grapple with the fact he is here that he is confessing he came for me. He clings to my fingers in desperation and I let him as I scan him for injury. "I came to save you from the alpha of death. Colette, I came to claim you as mine."
SEND GIFT
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19
"Merikh POV
I pace my office, back and forth, waiting for Percy to update me on what the hell is happening.
"You could just go watch for yourself." Hayes says, unamused. He is angry with me. It's not like he has a reason to be. It's not his mate about to have a meetup with her ex and probably try to run off. "Why the hell would I want to watch her betray me?"
"You are making assumptions." He shoots back, wandering to the massive bay window overlooking the lake and the cliff that is above it. I roll my eyes, looking at him.
"The last time I didn't make assumptions, I was blindsided and our father ended up murdered."
"She isn't the bitch that set you up. Colette doesn't have a calculating bone in her b*dy and you know that," Hayes groans, throwing his head back before he glares over at me.
"How would I know that?" I grit out to him. "How do I know she didn't lure him here?"
"Wow." he scoffs with the shake of his head before turning to face me fully. "Is that what it's come to? You are so
I over?" hopelessly in love with that poor girl that you are convincing yourself she will screw
"f**k off," I grumble. He is wrong, trust is earned. When it's given freely, that's when people screw you over, or worse, when it gets people killed.
-Grady found her-
Percy says in the back of my mind and I glare at my younger brother, who still shakes his head. He finally lifts his hands like he gives up and he retreats to the couch where he plops down with a heavy sigh. "If Colette finds out, she may never forgive you," He grumbles.
"You and I both know there is a lot she won't forgive me for, won't change her fate or mine." I move
toward the window, my heart pumping as I wait for more information from Percy. "She is mine whether she hates me or
not."
-She hit him in the face- Percy says and I can hear his amusement, like he is proud of our little Luna, and I smirk to myself.
1/6 SHT?
Emergency calls only MO
Chapter 19
I like the sound of her hitting her ex mate who felt she was worth letting
go. Not that I can hate him too much. How can I when he is the reason I know she is truly mine? No, Grady's screw up made my plan so much easier to get her into my pack. But that doesn't mean I have to lik -Stay close but not too close-
-Alpha...I hear Percy's conflict through the mindlink and my anger grows. I know he and Penny take their role seriously. But until tomorrow, until she is
officially their Luna and announced to the pack, their loyalty is expected to remain with me and the pack.
-That is your Luna, Percy. Your job is to make sure she is safe. If she tries to leave with him, you will stop her. Do you understand?—
-Yes, Alpha-he shoots back.
I see Hayes' pointed scowl, but I ignore it. He's never found his mate, so he doesn't get to dictate how I treat mine or determine if I can trust her.
"You are putting him in a tough spot. Why not send me?" He asks. "Why the hell would you-"
"Because I need you here to control me!" I roar at him, my eyes burning him up with anger.
Is he so dense he doesn't see that I will kill f**king Grady? The second I leave this office, that fucker is dead and it will hurt Colette. It will f**king hurt her and as much as I know all of this-
this test of loyalty will hurt her I know killing Grady would make me forever lose her. There would be no coming back from that. She is my second chance mate. There is no one else for me, but that doesn't me "What?" His eyes grow wide and he sits forward on the couch, alert. Then he grows soft and he frowns. "You are a f**king confusing man, brother."
"Yeah, well, I feel the same damn way." I grumble. "I didn't create this opportunity, Hayes, but I will not pass up the chance to determine her loyalty before I take her as my Luna. It's as if the moon goddess hers "You are making a mistake." Hayes grits out, standing and slapping a hand on my shoulder. "You should learn to
trust-"
"Trust?" I chuckle dryly. "Trust? What exactly should I trust? The mate bond that already fucked me once? That the traitor among us
will just happily reveal themselves? No, Hayes, the only thing I trust is blood and my senior
Emergency calls only MO
Chapter 19.
ranking wolves. Everyone else can fuck right off at this point.”
10088%
18:16
"There he is," He says, his voice dripping in disappointment. "The cool Alpha of Death everyone talks about. Been a while since I've seen him. Can't say I missed him."
-Luna is telling him to leave, Alpha-Percy says, breaking through the mind link.
My lycan vibrates with pride and happiness as I freeze, unsure of what to do. What my lycan wants to do is go to her, chase her down and hold her tight. Not in a million years did I think she would... I mean, I had hoped, but even I know hope is usually a useless emotion that sets people up for a harder fall.
-Stay with her, I am coming-I decide, finally feeling like I can breathe for the first time. Just knowing she is choosing me is enough to keep my murderous tendencies at bay. For now.
Hayes watches me in shock as I rush out the office door, everything passing me in a blur as I make my way out the pack house and toward the trail Percy said they were. She's not Lauren, I remind myself, and
I inch up in the tree line, listening to the hushed whispers of Colette and the fuckface Grady who seems to think he can sneak into my territory unnoticed. The wind works in my favor, blowing their words toward "I don't like this," Percy protests from above me in the tree.
"I didn't ask," I mutter,
"This is breaking her trust," he warns me, but I don't care.
"You go around the other side." I say, glaring at him before he nods and slinks off silently through the forest
shadows.
"What do you mean?" Grady's voice whispers, sounding confused.
"Merikh will kill you." Colette sounds scared,
"I'm not afraid of him,"
Emergency calls onlyM
Chapter 19
"You should be," she snaps. "He will end you so quickly. I have seen how quickly he changes, Grady. You don't stand a chance against him.”
Damn right he doesn't. Hell, the moment she sends him on his way, I will scoop this dickwad up and stow him away in my dungeon. Colette is not leaving me, ever.
"I'm not leaving without you, Cole." He says with conviction. "You said you love me. How can I leave you?"
Silence falls over them and my chest aches, my lycan angrily railing against my sanity,
trying to break free and make an example of them. When did she tell him she loved him? Tonight? Before I got here? Does she still love him after everything?
"I am telling you to leave." She says once more. "Please? I can't lose you again."
"So what? you will just stay here and mate with him?"
"I made a promise!" She hisses and Grady scoffs, laughing.
"A promise? I don't see a mark keeping you here. Maybe I should just mark you now, before he can?" Grady says, sounding angry. I lurch forward, ready to tear his teeth from his skull, but I stop when I see her putting her hands
1. up.
"Please...stop." Colette sounds tired, worn down. Grady tugs her close to his chest by her hand and my vision
turns red.
"I want you, Colette." Grady whispers, then he grips the back of her n*ck and presses his lips to hers.
I stare, stunned for half a second, before dragging my eyes away. All semblance of pride or happiness obliterates and I'm left feeling hollow and really f**king angry. Any second longer and I will kill them both.
I hear nothing, only the ringing in my ears as her betrayal reopens a part of my injured soul I thought I had sealed with hatred. Betrayed twice by the women the moon goddess stupidly destined to love me. -Do not let her leave this pack, Percy. Do you understand me?—
-Yes, Alpha- he shoots back obediently.
-Hayes, I want this fucker picked up on the border as he tries to leave-
Emergency calls only MOD
Chapter 19
-Have a little faith brother Hayes tries to calm me, but I shut down the link before he can continue.
My chest feels like it might rupture and my head spins. The amount of emotions I have felt in the last half hour is enough to give me an aneurysm as I walk.
Where? I have no idea; the scenery seems to meld into one. I hate that I was right. Even if I had expected it, even if I had hoped I was being a fool...I wasn't. I was right. Time seems to fade
away and I sit on a boulder, staring at the moon as it rises over the lake.
"Merikh?" Her once sweet voice now grates on my ears and I look over my shoulder to see her red faced and shocked to find me.
"How was your walk?" I force out the words, refusing to let my emotions take over me.
Maybe she sent him packing, and
maybe she was coming to confess she ran into him. That pesky feeling of hope tries to creep up, but squash it back down. I won't dare to hope, not with my heart. Never again. Instead, she can prove herself to "It was...uneventful," she says with a smile that doesn't reach her eyes. I take in her dirty clothes and arch a
brow.
"Uneventful, huh?" I ask, and she swallows, then nods quickly. "So the dirt just jumped onto your clothing?"
"Oh," she looks down, surprise written all over her face, then she grins. "I fell. Tripped on a root."
"Mmm," I nod.
"Actually..." she says, sighing heavily.
"Yes?" My eyes snap to hers, unable to kill the f**king hopefulness in my tone.
"Penny wasn't out here...and I called for Percy, but he never responded...and..."
"And what?" I ask her. "Did something happen?"
"No!" she rushes out fast, looking over her shoulder. Does she really think she isn't suspicious as fuck? "Nothing happened, just a walk alone. In the woods."
"You weren't alone, Colette." I say, my lips pressing into a firm line. "You never are."
5/6
onlyM000
Emergency calls onlyM
Chapter 19
"So...you know?" She asks, her face blazing red, and I tilt my head, watching her closely do my best to look confused as I furrow my brows.
"Know what?" I ask her, and she clears her throat, rubbing her hands on her pants.
"It's nothing." she smiles.
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah. I'm sure."
+5
And just like that, what little hope I stupidly let creep in bursts into flames, letting loose a wildfire that suffocates all thoughts of ever loving anyone again.
###Chapter 20
hapter 20
*Colette POV
I cradle my hand, the skin still stinging where I slapped Grady and told him to leave. He has put me in an impossible situation, one that has the potential to ruin everything I thought I was building here with Meri And with Merikh, I am. Hell; he could choose anyone in the entire pack and he wanted me. Zero hesitation. One little lie and Grady was rejecting me without hesitation. He did it with tears, but even if he hadn't And for him to show up here, after everything, after weeks of him being with Leslie. He had a lot of nerve to sneak into my pack and try to convince me to run away with him. Especially since it is only after learn So, of course, when the asshole k*ssed me, I had no choice but to gather my brains and smack the shit out of him. But now that I see Merikh, the way he is watching me, like he knows something is wrong... I can't tell him. As mad as I am with Grady. No matter how hard I want to hit him again. Merikh warned me the day he chose me. He warned me he would kill Grady, and I believe wholeheartedly that he will. So as much as it hurts, I have to keep this impromptu meeting a secret, until I know Grady is gone safely from pack grounds. Until I feel he is far enough away that I can calm Merikh down and explain what hap "You should head to find some dinner," Merikh says, his face stoic and unreadable. "It's already late."
"I thought we would eat together-"
"You thought wrong." He snaps and I rear back, surprised by his demeanor.
"Oh... It's just that.....Earlier you said we would-,"
"I'm sorry," He exhales, cutting me off. "There is a lot to attend to for tomorrow, and I still have to figure out who the other traitor is."
1/5
Chapter 20
My eyebrows shoot up.
"The other traitor? There is more than one?" I ask and he scoffs, shaking his head.
"Seems I am up to my n*ck in them lately." He mutters. "I will see you tomorrow for the official introduction to
the pack."
"Oh, I see." I sigh, not even trying to veil my disappointment, but he seems to be lost in his thoughts again. “Then I'll just.....go.”
Merikh doesn't fight me on it and my chest aches as I wander away from him, hating how he doesn't even look at me once. I should go back and tell him. Shit, I know I should have told him right out the gate ab I can't even remember how I made it back to my room, my mind moving a million miles a minute and my emotions completely wrecked. Here I thought all this time I loved Grady, that I had felt that earth shatteri Yet when that bond broke, when I left with Merikh and felt what it was like to be treated like more than a maid. More than someone who could never have anything.did I know what love was? Was it just me feel know what actual love
was?
"You are back," Penny says, sounding relieved as she peeks around the bedroom door. I give her a strange look as she pushes into the room, closing the door behind her. "Uh...yeah..."
"It's just that Percy mind linked me...he said that you may have...had a rough walk. "
My stomach drops and I can feel my
face grow pale. There is no looking her in the eyes. Is that what Merikh meant by not being alone? Does he know too? All the terrible ways he could kill Grady come flooding into my mind and bile rises in my th "D-did Percy...say anything else?" I ask, finally lifting my eyes to meet hers. Penny watches me for a moment. before nodding her head.
"Are you okay?" She whispers as tears dot my eyes.
2/5
Emergency calls only usu
Chapter 20
"Why the hell did he come here?" I ask her softly as tears fall from my eyes. A frustrated groan tumbles from my lips as I move to the bed to sit. Everything feels wrong.
"Well, what did he want?" Penny asks, leaning on the dresser across from me.
"He wanted me to run away with him," I scoff, wiping at my eyes annoyed. "He thought he was coming to save me from the big bad alpha of death."
"Do you need saving?" Penny asks.
At first I think she is joking, but the longer I watch her, the more I realize she is serious. Does she think I am here because Merikh is forcing me? That I would truly run just because an opportunity arises? "No, and I sure as shit don't want it." I say honestly.
"And did you tell him that?"
"Yes! I told him to leave, and then
we argued and he got mad at me and he..." I pause, remembering the moment his lips hit mine. Cracked and weirdly wet. The lips I once had longed for felt wrong, gross against my skin.
"He what?" Penny's voice rises as she stands up straight, ready to go on the attack, murder written all over her face. "Did he hurt you? Why didn't Percy jump in?"
"He k*ssed me," I whimper, pushing my hands into my hair, afraid to look at her. What if she hates me after this?
'Oh, oh shit..." she murmurs.
Penny, I was stunned. I didn't know what to do and for a second I just stood there. Then I realized what was happening, and I slapped him." I rush out, the memory still too fresh. "Wait, you slapped him?" Penny asks, sounding surprised. "You didn't k*ss him back?"
"Of course I didn't k*ss him back," I snap at her, a little offended.
"Well, that is good." She says, with a relieved chuckle as she plops down next to me.
"I don't know what to do, Penny." I groan, covering my face with my hands. How does someone go from no one wanting you to two men?
3/5
Emergency calls only MON
Chapter 20
0088%
18:16
+5
"What do you mean? You aren't planning to leave, are you?" Her voice trembles slightly and I frown at her.
"Seriously? Do you really think I would leave?" I ask. She shrugs.
"You
are my Luna, and I'd consider you a friend but I've only known you three weeks..." She reminds me with a half frown. Penny has a point, but it doesn't change things. Three weeks may seem like nothing, but it
so much more.
"I care about Merikh," I mutter, my cheeks pink. “I like him, and I asked him to mark me.....”
"Then what are you going on about not knowing what to do?" Penny's brows knit together in confusion.
"When do I tell Merikh?"
"Tell him? About your ex-mate k*ssing you?" She laughs sardonically.
"Yes," I say, furrowing my brows.
"Oof. That I don't know." She blows out a huff of air, looking as perplexed as I feel. "If it were me, I wouldn't..."
"I need to be honest with him, and I want to tell him, but...he told me before he would kill Grady...I can't imagine what he'd do to him now..." I admit and she winces, looking away.
"Won't be pretty," she sighs heavily. "But the truth is important, so I would say sooner rather than later."
"You don't think Merikh would actually kill Grady, do you? If I told him?"
"Hell yeah he would. Like, without a second thought." She says.
"So I will tell him tomorrow then." I say with conviction, more trying to convince myself. "I can't be responsible for Grady's death. There is no world in which I could ever forgive myself for that." "Well, I am going to get back to planning your big day tomorrow." Penny says standing abruptly and rushing to the door. My mouth falls open at how fast her demeanor changes. I just poured my heart out to he tell anyone, and she is...just running off? Just like that?
My gut is telling me something is off, that I need to make sure this stays a secret even though I know she is my gamma and is loyal to me. I feel the need to ensure she says nothing to Merikh or even Hayes. Chapter 20
"Promise you won't tell anyone what I told you." I say. I watch her face turn serious and her eyes meet mine. But she bows, accepting my command.
"Yes, Luna Letty." She looks uncomfortable, but she slaps on a smile and shoots me a wink, making me feel a little more at ease as she spins and walks out the door.. After a few moments of standing in silence, I make my
way to the bathroom, recognizing how badly I need to clean myself up after my encounter. The water pounds into the empty shower as it heats, and I stare, wishing it was at a bath rather than a shower. But I c
Tomorrow won't just be the day I become Luna, it will be the first day of the rest of my life. Tomorrow I will become Merikh's full mate. My cheeks heat at the thought of tomorrow night and how the marking will
5/5
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21
Merikh stands next to me, the entire pack of lycan's watching anxiously from the center of the new town square. I wish I would have been able to have a moment alone with him before we started all of this, but this is the life I have to get used to. There are far more important things than me. Especially with traitors among us here in the pack and the red-eyed wolves who seem to have it out for him.
My light blue dress ruffles in the wind, my hair tickling my check as tensions grow. I reach out, touching his hand, hoping he picks up
my nerves and maybe wraps it up in his. He doesn't, instead he slides his hands into his pocket and looks in the opposite direction, making my heart lurch in fear.
on
"As you all know, there has been a new member in our pack these past few weeks." Merikh says, looking out at the crowd. "Many of you have seen her in training down at the lake or roaming around the hiking trails. Today I would like to introduce
her to you.
He slides his icy gaze to me, my heart skipping a beat at the lack of warmth in his eyes. If I didn't trust the words, he has told me many times, I would think he hates me,
He places his hand out before me, waiting for me to place mine in his palm. I hesitate for a moment before accepting it and he pulls me forward with him. The pack members watch me, waiting for something to happen.
"This is Colette. Your Luna, and my new mate." Merikh announces, his voice booms through the air, authoritative and firm. The pack members collectively drop their gaze, bowing their heads before looking back up and watching me, then Penny and Percy, who stand at the front of the crowd, step toward us..
"We accept you as our Luna, and we pledge our lives to you in service. They kneel, dropping their heads. A tingling starts in my chest, a warmth spreading and my eyes go wide in surprise. Hayes steps up to my side, sliding me a warm and encouraging smile.
"Accept them," he whispers, and I realize I am supposed to be doing my part,
I glance at Merikh, frustration tickling my mind that he is not helping to guide me through this, but maybe it's a test to see how I handle the stress of all of this. Which is fantastic because I have proven frequently how poorly I do with that.
"I accept your promise, and I promise to do my best as your Luna. To lead you only where you can follow and follow only when I know it is right to do so. I only wish to serve you all and prove myself worthy of your loyalty."
Merikh chortles quietly next to me, shaking my confidence, but I don't let it show. The pack members all lift their heads and Jet out a howl that resonates through the air, vibrating the ground as my chest seems to burst with white energy that spills into pale blue. It whips around me like a storm, stealing my breath away.
Each passing breeze calls to me, voices of encouragement and love before the air stills and the world seems to pause for a moment. A whooshing screams past my ear, the light zipping away before spinning and heading straight for me. I close my eyes, tilting my head back as it hammers into my chest, the whispers echoing through my body until they rest in my chest and I gasp.
The mind link. The world around me is silent, but internally I can hear the excitement, the whoops and hollers for their new Luna, and tears flood my eyes. They accept me. They want me.
A warm hand takes hold of mine and I squeeze it, looking at Merikh who wordlessly holds it up in celebration, though he doesn't look at me. I ache to feel his gaze on me, but I relish the touch of his skin instead, looking down at Penny and Percy, whose eyes flash blue and then their usual shade. They grin from ear to ear and I hear them in the mind link.
-Welcome to the pack Luna Letty, we are honored to serve you-
"Now!" Hayes announces, filled with giddy excitement. "Who the heck is ready to party?"
We watch as everyone disperses, and I turn to face Merikh. His eyes find mine looking hollow and again my heart races. Something is wrong. I can feel it in my very being
"Merikh..." I whisper and he seems to focus on me.
Chapter 21
"Yes?" he asks, then he snaps his hand from mine.
"Are you okay?" I ask him, and he frowns.
"Of course. Why wouldn't I be? I just announced my new Lana to my pack." I can feel my old self wanting to rower and hide, begging to just drop this and let it fester but the new me. The stronger one with a wolf who is nearly at her full strength for the first time in our lives stands firm. I am a Luna now. Not the maid who is being reprimanded for some misdeed.
"Did I do something wrong?" Lask.
Merikh watches me for a moment, a hurricane forming in his emerald eyes.
"Did you do something wrong?" He asks, arching a brow. "That is a good question. Is there something you wanted to speak with me about, Colette?"
I can feel the blood drain from my face, my mouth dry as I blink at him. He knows. He has to know otherwise why else would he be asking me. It was idiotic to think he wouldn't have known that someone like Grady was on his pack lands. But that means that he let him enter and that Grady would only leave if Merikh allowed him to leave.
"Yes," I swallow roughly, licking my lips. "I need to speak with you."
"Good." he smirks. "But it will have to wait. We have a party, and then I have a gift for you."
Merikh walks away, leaving me stunned and teary-eyed as every terrible possibility swirls in my head. Did Penny tell him? Or maybe he was watching me the whole time? Heavens, I have been so stupid. Merikh wasn't just out in the woods sitting in the rock to clear his mind. He was waiting for me.
"You coming. Luna?" He calls out, stopping and looking over his shoulder. "Our pack members are eager to meet you person."
"Of course." I mutter, shaking my head, ridding myself of the negative thoughts. Merikh seems to enjoy my discombobulation. "Let's go." I smile.
in
I follow Merikh, rounding the outside of the building and turning the corner to see a beautiful garden decorated with string lights and floating jasmine flower balls. The tables are covered in delicate lace covers with a gold satin beneath, each one decorated with a stunning display of white lilies, ivy and eucalyptus cascading from the center.
Music starts up, ringing through bluetooth speaking hung in the trees where white and lace streamers sway in the breeze." The attention to detail down to the tiny fountain with water lilies and white fish swimming in the rippling pool. There is a bow on the fountain, the twinkling water sounds, making me shiver with a calm. It's so beautiful.
Penny rushes up to me with a huge smile on her face.
"Luna, Percy and I would like to give you our gift now, if that's okay?" She asks, looking up at Merikh and back at me.
"Take her," Merikh bites out as Pengy pulls me to the fountain where Percy stands.
"Okay." Penny says in a squeal. "Percy and I were trying to come up with the best gift, and we couldn't help but remember that the sound of water is calming
"But you can't have your window open anymore." Percy interjects.
"So we convinced Alpha to let us install this in your room." Penny is glowing, and her happiness is contagious as I look at the fountain and back at them.
No one has ever given me such a thoughtful gift. Heck, no one has really ever given me a gift at all unless we are counting the few little things Merikh has given me. I bite my lip, fighting back tears as I step forward and touch the water, playing my fingers over the top and then a sob breaks free. I throw my arms around the two of them.
"It's stunning," I blubber as Penny hugs me back and Percy pats me. When I pull away, I see Percy's red cheeks and Penny elbowing him with a "we did so good' grin. And they did. They did so well. 13:27 Thu, 2 May
Chapter 21
it Percy says.
"We are pleased you like it," Percy says.
"No one has ever.." I pause, calming myself. "This is the most personal gift I have ever received."
"You are going to do great things for our pack, and the whole community of our kinds, Luna." Percy says reassuringly.
"Do you really think so?" I ask that old insecurity creeping in as 1 catch Merikh watching me with a scowl from the forest line.
"We know it." He whispers, giving me a sweet smile. Someone taps on my shoulder and I spin to find a pretty woman holding a little boy about three years old.
"Luna," she says, bowing her head in respect before looking up at me with a soft smile. "My son was hoping to meet you in person, and he is a persistent little guy"
I grin
at him and give him a wink. "Persistence pays off sometimes, doesn't it, little man?"
He smiles and then buries his face into his mother's shoulder before popping back out shyly.
"1am Luna-" I stop and look at Penny and realize Colette might be too long for a little kid to say, so I decide to rename myself right here. "Letty. Call me Luna Letty. Can you say that?" "Luna Letty," he says a lisp, making the I's sound like w's. His cute little baby voice makes my chest ache with how sweet he is.
"And who are you?" I ask him. He looks up at his mom, who encourages him.
"Josiah. And I'm three." he says.
"Oh! A whole three years old?" I ask, sounding shocked, and he grins.
"Yep. Then he looks at his mom. "I'm hungry.."
She gives me a soft smile and a nod before she totes him away and I feel a hand on my back. I jump, looking up over my shoulder to see Merikh standing there with a satisfied grin on his face. "Seeing how happy you were with your gift from Penny and Percy has made me jealous."
"It did?" I ask, confused by his whiplash. He takes my hand in his and tugs me away.
"I have told Hayes to keep the party going until we come back!
"Where are we going?" I ask him and he chuckles.
"To show you your present."
My heart clenches as he takes me through the forest, and the sound of people and music dulls. The memory of the story Penny told me about Lauren resurfaces and I swallow. He wouldn't kill me, would he? Just after announcing me to the pack as the official Luna? I know he must know about Grady by now, but would that lead to him being violent? He is obviously
angry.
"Merikh..I need to tell you-
"Shhh," he says, finally stopping and spinning me to face him, his hands landing on my hips as he tugs me close. I missed this closeness, craved it since last night, but it feels...forced and angry. "Are you ready?"
He spins me around, his chest to my back as he leans down, pressing his lips to my ear..
"Yes," I say with a shiver of both fear and delight.
"Bring him out," He calls out, and a warrior drags out a
a man covered in blood. My heart stutters, my hands shaking when the
man lifts his eyes and I recognize him. His face is swollen, his lip fat and busted, but I would know those eyes anywhere.
Grady
My worlds collide, my past and my future. The stark reality of the monster I am mated to and the kind, gentle lost rejected me. I spin in Merikh's arms, looking up to him, ready to beg. He leans down as he grabs my chin, anger on his face.
"You are my Luna, and you will not leave me." He growls.
"I wasn't going to!" I rush out, hoping he can hear the honesty in my quivering voice. All I can see is the murderous rage of his lycan barely restrained in his mind. If he makes me watch him kill Grady, there is no world in which I could ever forgive him, ever love him.
"I warned you, Colette. Did I not?" Merikh asks. A sob rips from my lips as I cover my mouth and nod in acknowledgement.
"Please, I whisper. He grips my arms.
"I WARNED YOU!" He roars. Then he steps away from me, pure anger and hurt on his face. "I warned you, and now you have forced my hand."
T
曲
SEND GIFT
0
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22
"Merikh POV
My lycan lurks just beneath the surface, fighting me with every sharp inhale as my chest aches with anger. He wants out; he wants blood, and he is fixated on the fucker who is trying to take what is ours.
The only thing keeping me from throwing my head back and letting him take over and rain down his punishment is the beautiful, wide eyed, sobbing woman between us. I hate that I am the reason for her crying. At first I thought I would relish making her acknowledge the lies, but this. it's torture.
"Merikh.."her voice is a soft whisper as she clutches her chest and looks up at me with puffy eyes, "I am begging you, please.
"It's okay, Cole." Grady says and I grit my teeth, biting back the monster that is begging for release. "Let the Alpha of Death show you
his true colors."
"Say your goodbye," I say, staring right at the asshole who thinks he is acting so damn tough. He didn't seem all that tough when the first strike fell last night.
"I wish I could take it all back, accept you, choose you like you deserved. My greatest regret is losing you, and I will die knowing at least I tried to rectify it."
Colette looks at me, agony in her eyes as she takes a step closer to me. I move back, away from her and her intoxicating presence. Being close to her, when I know I am hurting her, is painful.
she sees thi
"Turn and watch." I whisper, making sure she sees this. She needs to witness it.
I nod to my warrior, who stands behind Grady, and he acknowledges my command. He walks Grady to the border line no more than thirty feet from us and, with a hard push, he sends him over the line. I can feel her eyes on me, and I know she is confused.
"This is your gift, my little luna." I take another step back, away from her.
Grady lifts his head, waiting for someone to kill him. Instead, I point into the woods.
"I banish you." I utter, the words booming through the forest with force as the trees rumble. "You are not to return to any of the werewolf or lycan communities. You are no longer one of us. If you come back, you will be killed on sight."
"What?" his mouth falls open before he holds his stomach in pain, the tie to our kind breaking, making him a true rogue. His eyes slide to Colette, who remains silent and unmoving. Then Grady drops his head and she looks away at the ground, unable to watch as he turns and rushes off
"We need to head back," I say, breaking the silence and Colette's eyes scan me, looking at me closely as I turn and walk away from her. "The sooner the better," I say, feeling dead inside.
The rustling behind me is a good indicator that she is following along as my warrior goes back to his dungeon duty, heading in the opposite direction. Other than the birds in the trees and rustling of the forest floor beneath us, there is no sound. No attempt from either of us to understand or explain what just happened.
I could have killed Grady. And honestly, I really wanted to, but I have more important things to worry about than an ex mate trying to reclaim what he can never have.
As the music comes back into ear range, I feel her hand grab my arm and I go rigid, confused. I look down at her thin fingers that wrap over my shirt and then look at her as she stares forward, walking at my side. She must be doing this to put on a show in case any of the pack members see us coming back out of the woods.
It's smart. The last thing I need is my pack thinking I picked someone randomly that I don't even care for. No matter how angry I am, I will never be able to lie and tell myself I don't care for her. Hell I just fought the part of me I have always let win to keep from losing her forever.
Chapter 22
As we get closer, the sounds of laughter and clinking echo through the trees, and I feel at ease. My pack is finally happy. Since Lauren, things have been..rough. A luna strengthens a pack, helps guide me in my mission to protect an entire pack and the whole of our kind and the werewolves. The role is vital to being a successful Lycan King. A king must have his queen.
"Luna!" Penny squeals, coming up and bouncing around us eagerly. "Did you do it? Do you have a mark now?"
The girl is drunk. How she has successfully managed it this quickly is beyond me, but drunk is definitely what she is. Which means Percy must be close by on duty. "No," Colette says sweetly, "He just took me for a walk."
"OH!" her eyes grow wide. "For your present? Not going to lie, kind of thought your present was going to be eggplant shaped and a fresh bite," she winks.
Colette furrows her brows, confused. Then she looks up at me for the first time since leaving Grady in the woods. I expected to find anger and apprehension in her beautiful light brown eyes yet; I find something entirely different. Instead, she just watches me. Her chin tilted up and mouth parted ever so slightly.
"He gave me something so much better." She murmurs.
I
1
"Not sure what could be better than what I suggested," Penny hiccups, and I shoot her a scowl.
"Penny, no more drinking and get some food in you." I order and she nods, waltzing off happily.
"So what did he give you?" Hayes says, walking up and I close my eyes, squeezing them tight, wishing to disappear. Why does he always show up at the most inopportune moments? "That's between us," Colette says,
with a soft chuckle.
"Well, that is not fun," Hayes teases before slapping me on the shoulder. I watch as Pack members come up and drag their Luna off to meet other all the while chatting and smiling. Hayes sighs heavily at my side.
"She seems to have liked her gift, then?" He asks as I glare at him.
"Yes, I suppose not murdering him in front of her was a good choice." I mutter, reaching over and stealing the cup of liquid. from my brother. I sniff it, a little disappointed to realize he is drinking ice water, but I take a swig anyway.
"Are you going to kill him now that she thinks he is safe?" Hayes asks, and I sigh
There is no point in lying. I had thought about that option. Several times on the walk back over here, but truth be told, it's a waste of my resources and dangerous to venture out into the exiled territory just for a meaningless kill.
"No." I bite out, my eyes glued to my Luna as she be spells everyone with her melodic laughter and genuine smile.
"Are you planning to forgive her?" He asks, lowering his voice as he turns to face me. I slide him an annoyed glance and roll
my eyes.
"Forgive her?" I scoff. "Forgiveness is usually something someone asks for. She hasn't asked for it, hell she hasn't told me shit. All that has happened is 1 announced that I know she's full of shit and she thinks I was somehow being nice."
-Well, I mean you didn't murder her first love, so that kind of seems nice."
"Yeah, shut the fuck up." I growl.
"The council meeting is coming up," he says, choosing to change the subject.
"I am aware." I grit out.
"And she is going to find out you are second chance mates in a week." He continues. I groan in annoyance, looking at of water in my hands, really wishing it were that special brew that can get a lycan drunk.
the
cup
Chapter 22
"We will see," I grumble and I can feel his curious gaze.
"You wouldn't.." he says skeptically.
"Well, I'm sure as shit not marking her yet," I shoot back at him and he furrows his brow.
"It would be easier if you did."
"Marking requires sex, Hayes, I remind him.
"Yeah, I know that."
"I'm not really feeling all that gentle or loving. Do you suppose I should screw her while I am angry at her? I am sure that would make for a super comfortable first time."
"With the rate you are going, you are fixing to be mad at her forever." He says with a frown. "Why don't you try talking to her about things?"
"I gave her the chance, to be honest. She lied right to my damn face." I hiss at him and he rubs the back of his neck.
"Merikh." He starts but I give him a dagger filled glare and he stops, looking frustrated. After a moment, he sighs and walks off, leaving me alone.
An hour passes, one filled with congratulations and giddy excitement as the kids leave the party and the parents remain drinking to their heart's content. Colette makes her way back over to me, Percy at her side.
He gives me a nod before backing up to give us space and Colette reaches out to take hold of my arm. My lycan wants her touch, craving it, while my anger fights him for total control. I can't slip up, I won't
"Are you ready to go back?" She asks, a look in her eyes I can't place. Perhaps it's a mixture of worry and desire. Or maybe she is drunk and just wants to lie down. Either way, I frown but nod. "Sure."
The walk is fast and silent as I nearly drag her back to the room, shutting the door behind us. Her smell seems to suffocate me in this room. The bond between us is stronger now that she is officially Luna, and my lycan wants his Luna in the most desperate of ways.
"Merikh? Colette whispers. I press my head against the closed door, trying to gather my wits when her hand touches my back. I flinch away, moving from her and the door.
"Dont" I rush out, my wild eyes meeting hers, a sadness there but understanding and fuck if it doesn't make it harder to stay away from her.
"I need to tell you what happened with Grady."
"You really don't," I mutter, letting my anger take over to keep me from giving in to the pull that seems to hum through my veins. It's unheard of, announcing your Luna before the mating ceremony, but I wasn't expecting this draw to her. This need to make her mine in every damn way possible.
"Merikh, please, I am begging you, just let me explain...
"I DON'T TRUST YOU!" I roar at her. "No amount of words or talking will change the fact that I can not trust you."
"Then why did you make me your Luna?" she asks, shocked.
*Because I NEED you." I hiss and her brows knit in confusion.
"I don't understand..."
"And you won't. Because you don't need to know, not yet."
3/4
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23
*Colette POV?
Merikh paces back and forth, his hands sliding through his hair one minute and a scowl shooting my way the next. His lycan barely restrained and with every second 1 fear we are getting closer to it breaking free. My hand reaches out, but I stop myself, drawing it back to my stomach as I bite my lip and watch him fall apart.
Every part of my body screams to touch him, to be near him, but the hatred in his eyes chills my blood. If only he would let me explain. Let me tell him I chose him and slapped Grady when he kissed me. But I know it won't make a difference, not now. Not when he has already made his mind up that I am a liar, and someone he can't trust.
"Alpha," I swallow, not sure how to address him when he is this mad at me.
"Alpha?" he scoffs, a sardonic chuckle breaking free. "You make out with your ex-mate, lie about it and suddenly I am back to Alpha? You call me Merikh. Understood?"
I nod in agreement.
"I'm sorry." I whisper, wanting to counter his accusation with the truth. But Merikh isn't looking for the truth right now. He is looking for sanity and it feels like I am the reason for the lack of it
"I won't be marking you." Merikh finally states, stopping and looking at me.
His chest heaves violently, his breathing labored. Tears dot my eyes for yet another time tonight. It hurts, though I can't say am surprised. I've done nothing but wear a fake smile, but I knew the moment Grady stepped out that there was no way Merikh would want me anymore.
"Perhaps you should choose a different Luna," I murmur, my heart breaking at the thought, my wolf whining as she paces, unsure of how to react with me.
He is in my face in an instant, tearing me from the edge of the bed where I sit and dragging me to standing, Merikh's eyes are jet black and his voice melding with his lycans.
green
"Mine!" he snarls and I wince, looking away out of fear. His grip disappears just as fast as it had landed on me, and Merikh stumbles back into the dresser behind him. He shakes his head, then scrubs his hands down his face.
"I-I don't know what to say..." I admit and he glances at me. "Merikh I don't know how to fix this."
Time will fix it. I won't trust you, but I will mark you, eventually. But not like this. Not when I can't decide whether to fuck you or to kill you."
I can feel the blood leach from my face at his words. From the very first moment I met him, he was calm, collected, and put together. Even in his anger, it was never really pointed at me, being on this end of it, watching him come undone because of me..because of what I did it's tearing my heart to shreds.
Merikh releases a heavy sigh and groans in frustration. Then he takes three measured steps close to me, but not too close. I can see the war waging in his green eyes. The way his lycan rails against him, fighting for control. And I can feel the rug to him, the growing urge to reach out and just make him mine.
Every second I stand near him my wolf seems to drool, going more hungry for a mark than she ever has been. Granted, she has almost been dormant for so long, so she hasn't been hungry for much. Which only makes it harder to control her.
"My wolf" I gasp, as she lunges at the barrier in my mind, begging to be released, wanting to force him to mark us.
"Shit," He mutters, grabbing my hand. He turns my wrist up and rubs his nose along the inside and he nearly moans at the scent. Then he sinks his fangs into my wrist and I yelp in pain. He clings to my arm tightly as panic travels through me.
Holy shit, he is going to literally consume me. I whimper in pain, then he finally releases me. My blood stains his lips and his eyes dance between black and green. I clutch my wrist to my chest, cradling it, then he nods at me.
1/3
"What?" I ask, trying to wrap my head around the burning in my arm that travels up and makes my hair stand on edge. Merikh shoves his wrist into my mouth and my eyes bulge, trying to force him away. "Bite. Down." he demands, and I hesitate before complying.
His warm skin breaks with my teeth and a thrill shivers through my body. The moment his tangy blood touches my tongue, he takes his arm away and grips the back of my neck, dragging my forehead to his as he stares into my soul.
"Repeat after me, understood?" he asks, sounding pained.
"Yes," I swallow roughly, intoxicated by his closeness.
"I pledge my life to this pack,"
"I pledge my life to this pack.
"And to the whole of the lycan and wolf shifter community" He says. I close my eyes, fighting my wolf off.
"And-uh-to the whole lycan and wolf shifter community.." I say, trying like hell to keep up.
"I pledge to remain at the side of my Alpha, to never leave it unless I am forced and to follow where he goes."
My eyes pop open, and for a half second I hesitate, trying to understand what is happening. He growls, and I repeat the words in a rush.
"I pledge e to stay by your side and never leave it. I promise to follow where you go, Merikh."
Merikh leans in, stopping to look me in the eye, before he presses his lips to mine. The room spins, my heart racing as I reach out to touch his cheek, but he yanks away. There is a twang in my chest, like the feeling of a taut rubber band being snipped and his eyes flash gold, and my wolf submits. Then he takes a step back, sighing like he can finally breathe.
"W-what was that?" I ask. A strange gentle tingle through my body.
"A desperate measure," he sighs as he walks toward the bathroom.
My eyes follow him, and I can feel our dynamic shifting. That desperate need to crawl up his body and make him make me his isn't suffocating anymore. That thread that always seems to grow tighter is suddenly slack and I feel like my emotions are mine again, my urges controllable.
He returns to me with a white towel in his hand and grabs my arm, wrapping the rag around my wrist. It's painfully obvious that he is avoiding eye contact as he looks anywhere but at me. Panic rises in my stomach, bubbling up into my mind, reminding me of what it was like back home.
Back in the pack, where I was treated like an and not a person. I've never had control, ever. But at least here it felt like I had some semblance of control over myself. Until right now, until what he just did.
"What did you do to me?" I ask, struggling to keep my emotions out of my quivering voice.
"We have made a blood oath," he says so nonchalantly, like it isn't a life altering thing.
"You tricked me into never leaving your side?" I ask, tilting my head to the side. "Yet you won't mark me?"
A blood oath? Merikh has just stripped me of the ability of ever feeling a full force mate bond. Even when he marks me, if he marks me, the oath will remain intact until I find my mate or second chance mate, but there is no finding those.
Not for me. Not when one is exiled and the other I will never find because this oath, it blocks my ability to find them. And for what reason? I would have stayed. I would have done what he asked and would have always remained loyal to him, to my
new station
Chapter 23
His eyes meet
mine and I see it. The guilt burns in him and he turns away. Good. I hope he chokes on it.
"You never planned to leave my side anyway, so what does it change?" He shrugs.
"But you didn't...I don't... I stutter over the words and he frowns.
"This is for the best." He whispers, though I'm not sure he believes his own words..
"I wanted to feel the bond. Merikh, I wanted to have all of that with you." I say, raising my voice. "I thought that.."
"You thought what?" He asks, releasing my wrist and crossing his arms over his chest. "You thought that because I let Grady live, I would be lenient with you too? This IS lenient."
"I wasn't expecting anything." I whisper.
"Good. Having no expectations is easier. Leaves you with nothing to get upset about," he grumbles before he storms out of the room, slamming the door shut behind me, making me jump.
I want to hate him, to be angry and curse his name, but the truth is. I would have agreed to the oath if he would have asked. I am more upset because I know why he did it this way. One betrayal for another. Merikh's punishment of exiling Grady
wasn't enough and because he doesn't trust me, he needs to know he can force that trust. This isn't the Merikh I kne
This isn't the one who watched my heart breaking in the woods and changed his mind about an execution.
Merikh gave me the most beautiful gift, and he is convinced I saw it as a weakness. He showed me he had a heart tonight, so he broke mine to hide his. But that says far more about him than it does about me Broken hearts are still capable of love. And even in my anger and sorrow, I still feel it, beating just as loudly as the rage in his actions. As much as I want to deny it and push it away, it's begun to beat for him.
甘
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24
"Merikh POV
I lounge back in the chair on the deck, taking in the clear sky above me, showcasing the stars and the waning moon. My whole body feels like it's vibrating with every emotion. Rage, guilt, betrayal. All of them meld together, ripping through my mental state like nothing I've felt before.
"So you did it, huh?" Hayes says, approaching me from behind. I roll my eyes, knowing I should have expected him and his usual confrontations. It's what makes him such a great beta. That and I can't kill him off for his honesty,
"Hello to you too, brother." I grumble.
I ignore him as he takes a seat next to me, sighing heavily, keeping my eyes trained on the sky.
"So how did she take it?" he asks, and I scoff.
How did she take it? Not fucking well. That's for sure. Hell, the more I think about it, the more I try to convince myself I didn't see how hurt she was. How betrayed she was. But I need to get used to that look, and the feeling it carves into my s
"I think.. I exhale, looking over at him finally, "I think I broke her heart."
"Of course you did, Merikh. You took her options away." He says like she ever actually had any.
"What option? Could you explain what exactly I took from her?"
"Well, her choice, for starters.
"We both know that the blood oath is entirely reversible." I grumble. "I took nothing from her, I just delayed it."
"We know that, but she doesn't. How can she when you refuse to tell her you guys are second chance mates?"
"Colette agreed to this. Okay? She agreed to being Luna and take my mark one day." I say, sitting up and swinging to face him.
soul.
"Yes, but she meant being marked. Not the blood oath that you use on a top warrior or someone you have to keep close."
"Damn it, Hayes" I growl. "Without this oath blocking the pull to her, I will lose control! It's intoxicating, SHE is intoxicating. I want to claim her. Shit, more than I wanted to claim Lauren. It's like a festering inside my chest, like a fucking infection that keeps growing. There is no antidote or cutting it out. But this oath, it's a bandaid. It buys me time, it's to keep me sane,"
"Buys you
time for what?" He scoffs.
"To figure out what the hell to do next!" I stand abruptly.
You should have just told her you are second chance mates, so that she knows the oath can be broken when you mark her."
"I want a mate I can trust!" I roar, my chest pinching at the memory of Colette kissing Grady. The moment my trust for her shattered. "How does telling her prove this I can trust her?"
"Forcing that trust isn't real trust." Hayes says softly and I chuckle dryly
"Beggars can't be choosers," I mutter, annoyed, looking away.
"You are the alpha. You don't have to beg?
"No, I shouldn't have to beg?
"Are you done having a pity party yet?" Hayes says, his voice firm, like he is fed up with me.
1/4
Chapter 24
"Pity party?" I scoff, striding away before turning and grabbing him by the collar. "Hayes, it is my job to take care of this pack My job to finish what father tried to fix before MY MATE fucking killed him with her vampire lover." I release him, but I stay in his face, making sure he understands the shit on my shoulders.
It wasn't Hayes who found them. Dad's dead body laying at the feet of the traitorous bitch who had told me the night before she wanted to carry my pups. It wasn't Hayes who had to step up and keep his shit together to lead a pack that was broken and distrusting of me.
He forgets the whispers; the rumors doubting me and my role in all of this. Lauren had planted seeds, and they bloomed into black blossoms of doubt overnight after being watered with our father's blood. "Merikh, dad's death is not on you." He breathes
"It was my mate who fucked our pack over. It was me trusting her, and the wrong people on the committee that have the Lycans weaker than we have ever been, and the werewolves exposed to the fucking other supernatural asstards that can use them how they please. This isn't a pity party. This is me trying to plan out what is best for EVERYONE else."
"And you think tricking her into an oath where she can't backstab you, while you use her to get your way with the committee, is going to fix all that?"
"Look, I did it for her, and for me." I grit out. "I need to trust that she won't try to leave me when shit is revealed."
"Ahh, so that is the real reason." He whispers, looking disappointed in me. "You wanted her to be forced to stay by your side
"And marking her wouldn't have the same effect?" 1 scowl.
He scoffs, dragging his hand over his stubbled chin.
"You are so wise, big brother, truly. And you have done so much for our pack and you are sacrificing so much to do what you think is best..But you are on the path to messing this up beyond repair" I sigh, looking up at the moon for some clarity.
"Too late." I mutter and he sighs.
"You need to smooth this over before your committee meeting" He says, looking at me. "I mean it, Alpha.”
"How do you suppose I do that now?"
"Go tell Colette you are second chance mates. Go tell her why she is so important. Tell the poor woman who she is. She is strong enough to handle it now."
"I can't risk her knowing her past." I bite out. "We need the element of surprise"
"What you need is a unified front, not one that is fake. You don't want to tell her all of that yet? Fine. But the oath is already in place and she deserves to know that when you two are ready, that mate bond will be there for her, too."
I stare at him, seeing more and more of dad in him every day. Hayes has the heart of our mother and the wise words of our father. The combination always brings me comfort after pissing me off first. So instead of taking his advice into consideration, I nod, agreeing.
"Okay." I whisper, shoving my hands in my pocket. "Okay, I will tell her what she is to me."
His eye grow wide and then he smirks victoriously.
"I'll be here waiting for a chat when you are done. I have to know how she responds. Do you think she will slap you?" He teases and I frown. From a wise father like figure to idiot brother in ten seconds flat. Might be a record. I chuckle, giving him a gentle shove as I turn and walk back into the pack house.
The trip back to the room is anxiety ridden, my lycan pouting in my mind, still angry with me for doing what I did. Maybe if he were a more controlled beast, we wouldn't have had to take drastic measures, but he doesn't like that opinion.
Chapter 24
As I get closer to her door, I can feel the emotions brewing. The anger I feel for her and the ache in my chest to hold her. Such conflicting emotions are becoming a constant in my life and it's going to cause permanent damage to my brain. I am
I knock, waiting a moment before gently pushing the door open. Colette looks up at me from her spot on the ground, sitting with her back against the bed and her eyes red and raw. There are no tears anymore, only the residue from the ones that have fallen and my heart breaks. I did that. I put those tears on her cheeks and redness in her eyes.
"I need to speak with you." I swallow, "If you allow it."
"Do I have a choice?" She clips out.
des," I nod, giving her the ability to push me the way I have done to her. Instead, she sniffles and scoffs.
"What do you need?" she asks, her voice small and shaky.
"The oath will break when I mark you. If you want me to mark you." I say, fumbling over my words, choosing the most direct path.
"Merikh, I know what a blood oath is. I may have been raised as a maid, but I know things. I will never get to experience a full bond with you."
"Then you know there are loopholes," I remind her and she nods.
"Of course. But that would entail me finding my second chance mate, and I can't do that with the oath in place."
"But he can find you." I swallow, my mouth going dry.
"I suppose. She furrows her brow
"You felt the pull, didn't you? How strong it was?"
Colette pulls her knees to her chest and sighs heavily.
"Yeah, it was mind numbing" She admits and I find myself relaxing just a little knowing it wasn't just a one sided attraction.
"I was going to lose control of my lycan."
"I wanted you to mark me. I care about you, Merikh. What would losing control do?"
"It would force me into marking you when I am not ready," I say, moving closer to her. Her eyes are glued to me, watching my every move as I stop just before her. "I can't risk a full mate bond when there is no trust."
"If you would have asked, or explained this...I probably would have agreed. All you had to do was ask." She says, glaring at me. I sigh and shake my head.
"I wasn't in the right frame of mind. My pull to you..it is stronger than yours to me. It's different."
Her brows furrow in confusion. "Because you are the lycan king?"
"No. Because I know who my second chance mate is."
-What does that have to do with
"You are my second chance mate." I interrupt her. She blinks at me, her mouth falling open.
Irving to humiliate me? Because of Grady?"
"I don't that doesn't make any sense." She frowns. "Is this some joke? Are you trying
1 flinch when she says his name, hating the sound of it in her voice.
"When we mark each other, the oath will fully disappear and you will recognize me as your second chance mate."
SEND GIFT
Chapter 25
Colette says nothing, only frowns as she tries to process what I am telling her.
"I don't believe you, she whispers. "How can I believe you?"
"You are just going to have to trust me," I whisper, hoping for a little leeway, even though I know I don't deserve it.
"Do you trust me?" She tilts her head, waiting knowingly for the answer. I draw in a shaky breath and exhale sharply.
"I-can't." I admit hesitantly,
"Yeah, I didn't think so." She chuckles dryly, standing from the floor and stepping into me. "Then I will keep my trust until you prove to me you are my second chance mate. And when you are ready, I have proof that what you think you saw was only a snippet of what actually happened. I have asked Penny to stay with me tonight."
Then she moves past me, opening the door and holding it for me to exit
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25
"Colette POV"
I want to hate him. The stupidly handsome man sitting next to me as we ride to this council meeting he has been panicking about since I arrived in our pack. His eyes keep wandering over to me, lingering for only a moment before they snap away every time I look at him
I have had one week to process what he did. One week of giving him the silent treatment on anything related to me and how 1 am feeling. 1 still can't believe he thought I wouldn't be angry after forcing me to take a blood oath under the guise of us being second chance mates.
He isn't the only one with broken trust. If anything. I have more of a right to be upset with him than he does with me. I have tried to communicate and explain everything to him, but he won't listen..
But he has no reason for why the hell wouldn't he tell me we are second chance mates. What kind of jerk sets up his second chance mate to see how they will act when their first mate wants to run away with them? Not that he knows I am aware of that part.
He should be. I'm not dumb and I know he is smart enough and our pack is trained enough to have known Grady was there. Merikh set me up. And instead of being upfront with me, he led me into a trap and then refused to listen to the entire story. My cheeks heat in anger just thinking about it again, and I look out the SUV window as trees fly past.
"You have been quiet," He says, the air thick and heavy between us.
This is how it's been all week. Him trying like hell for a conversation and me only doing the bare minimum. If he thinks I will easily forget this or that the temptation of him marking me to see if we actually are a second chance mate will soften me to him, he is severely wrong. I am livid, even all these days later.
"Would you like me to entertain you?" I ask, turning to look at him. He furrows his brow, turning his massive frame to face me on the leather seat.
"No." He sighs. "I just was worried you might have some unresolved emotions about long car rides after the last incident."
He's not wrong and I hate that he is bringing it up. It takes an immense amount of mental strength to keep myself from freaking out every time I see a truck at a stop or someone passes us. Each squealing tire feels like a dagger to my lungs, and my hands are a clammy mess.
"I am fine." 1 force out, but I can tell he doesn't buy it.
"You are anxious," He says and I exhale, shaking my head.
"A lide"
"Then perhaps we should discuss what will happen when we arrive." He offers. "To distract you."
I press my lips together, not entirely pleased. I'm busy trying to hate him. Even with the bond between us suppressed, 1 am. still drawn to him. I'd love to blame the Luna-alpha bond, but the truth is angry or not, feelings don't just go away. And I have genuine feelings for Merikh, untrusting or not, and that makes me angrier than anything else.
"Sure," I agree, placing my hands on my lap.
"We won't be warmly welcomed. Our kind is not entirely well received by the others." He pauses as I listen. "Once we are dropped at the front door, the council laws will protect us and we will be safe, but that doesn't mean we can trust anyone.
"No, of course not. Why would we ever think we can trust someone?" I grumble.
"This is not a joking matter," he says sternly, and I glare at him.
"Of course not. Got it. Trust no one. That I can handle. I've been living like that long enough that it's habit now."
1/4
Chapter 23
He lets my attitude slide as he continues growing a little nervous.
"We will share a room.
My heart sinks, and 1 meet his eyes. The only way I have been able to maintain my anger is because Penny has stayed in thy room with me for the week he has been absent. I fell for him in three weeks because I spent so much time with him. How long will it take me to forgive him because of those emotions? Especially when I don't want to forgive him!
"Will there be a couch?" I ask
"We will sleep in the same bed." He says, and I bite my lip. "They will know by our scent if we do not stay in the same bed,
Colette
"Is that a bad thing?"
"The types of beings at this meeting will have different rules, thoughts on mating and how to treat one's chosen one. If your do not smell like me, to them you would be fair game."
"Fair game how?" I ask, a little shocked. This is the most he has really told me anything about the others.
"They will try to get to you. To use you, like a toy." he frowns. "Something to spice up their bedroom life, a challenge to win from me or worse, a reason to eject you from the meeting and let you loose in the land outside the council rules."
My heart races and my mouth falls open. A toy? His hands lands on mine and I let it stay there. Where the hell is he taking me that his word is not one to be taken seriously? He is the Lycan king, known for his lack of mercy in battle. Yet here, if the one he says is his luna doesn't smell like him, they will try to... steal me?
"Why didn't you just mark me?" I ask, my fear melding with my hurt anger.
If he would have just marked me, spoke with me..this could be avoided. Instead, he is placing me in danger. For what reason? Why the hell does he even need me here at his side? Should I not have stayed and helped Hayes take care of the pack!
"You know why," he murmurs, and I scoff.
"Right. I'm not trustworthy," I grind out. "What else do I need to know?"
"We will need to act like a fully mated couple." he watches me close, gauging my reactions.
"Won't they know we aren't because I don't have your mark?" I scoff.
"Lycans generally mark on the neck, yes. But we can technically mark wherever we want. If anyone asks, just say your mark is only for me to see, and I will say likewise."
"Okay."
"This will mean we have to do things that may make you feel uncomfortable. Things that make them believe we are mated,"
"Like what?" I ask him, narrowing my eyes.
"Holding hands, me nuzzling your neck, kissing you, and, at times, potentially sitting on my lap."
My checks turn red, embarrassment rising.
"Those are pretty descriptive things," I force out, my mouth dry. Not because I am worried, but because like a totally love struck idiot, I crave those moments with him. And I know I shouldn't.. "Vampires and Fae are very intimacy driven creatures. And vampires can be persuasive"
My eyes go wide, shocked.
I
2/4
Chapter 25
"F-far" I ask and he nods.
"You will meet many supernatural beings. Ones you may not have heard of
"How long will we be here?" I ask him and he looks away, then looks back.
"We are hoping to be asked to stay for the duration of the meeting. Which is about a month."
"What? A month long meeting?" I gasp and he nods.
"It is not like one formal long event. It's similar to a vacation with friends."
"Only everyone will want to steal me from you if I don't smell like you, and the fate of the werewolves and lycans depends on this going well."
"Yeah, there is that..." he says, chuckling nervously. I tilt my head, looking at him closely, noticing the dark shadow under his eyes for the first time. "Merikh," I say softly, "Why do we need to be a member of the council?"
"That is a loaded question," he exhales.
"I think we have some time." I offer and he watches me close, his eyes scanning my face looking for something. Then he sits forward and rests his hands on his knees.
"We were banned from the council for two hundred and fifty years." He says, "Before that there was peace, rogues nearly never happened and everyone lived happily. Until my great great-great-grandfather killed a council member."
"Why would he do that?" I ask him, shocked, and he shrugs.
"How my father explained it was that my ancestor found his fated mate, but was denied her because one of the other species did not agree with breeding outside their kind. Hybrids would be too powerful, and hard to control with no knowing what they would be like once they come into their powers" He explains.
1 feel like my mind is about to explode as I revel in all the possibilities and process the information at hand. Hybrids. First, there are other supernaturals. Now there are rules against hybrids?
"Do they not realize a wolf or lycan needs their mate? That is not a choice we make, but a completion of our souls." I say.
"Like I said, different species with different kinds of mates and purposes for them." He explains.
"So if our kind was banned for two hundred and fifty years, how much longer do we have to wait?"
"Our time has been up for years." He says with a frown. "My father tried many times to bring us back in but we are refused what is ours. And it is because they do not want us to have our time as the head of the council"
I shake my head, confused. "Wait, wait. Head of the council?"
"The head of the council changes. Every twenty-five years, it cycles through from species to species to keep things hair. Our term should have started the year Lauren betrayed me." He says simply. "Why would they do that?" I ask, completely shocked. "Why would they not give us what is ours? Especially after we served
our time?"
"Because the current head of the council is a power hungry asshole who took not only his species term, but another booted species and now ours."
"You aren't doing a lot to help me want to be nice to people" I mumble. He smiles at me and I grin before realizing I am mad at him. I look away with a scowl. "So, who is the current head?" "King Caspian." He tells me. "The King of the sirens and complete asshole."
3/4
Chapter 25
I look back at him and then frown. Crossing my arms over my chest as I lean into the chair.
"Who do you think has been the one attacking me?" I ask him and he blows out a puff of air, settling deep into the chair, leaning back into the leather headrest,
"That's tough to tell. Many of them have magical powers. There are the witches, vampires, Fae. Any of them could easily manipulate a werewolf or other species to do their bidding."
"Is that the reason you brought me?" I ask, tilting my head. "To keep me safe, here where I am protected from all of them?"
I watch as his muscles tense and he looks out the window, refusing to look at me.
"Something like that." He mutters. But I get the feeling he is yet again not being truthful.
?
###Chapter 26
Chapter 26
Colette is nervous, her hands shaking as we exit the vehicle and come face to face with the enormous remodeled castle. The once gray stones have been painted over in a soft white.
Pristine bushes frame the heavy wooden double doors, the spiral pattern climbing the height so the entrance. A thick line of hydrangeas line the stone wall, in full bloom and tall enough to kiss the bottom of the tall windows.
Percy unloads behind us, pulling our luggage to the door before tugging a chain and bells chime, announcing our presence. Penny was as angry as a raging bull when I told her she wouldn't be coming with us. But with her unmated and around the likes of a few of these assholes, I'm more comfortable with Percy
"I will be your shadow as always, Luna." He says, giving her a nod and Colette gives him a gentle smile. The same smile I used to get and I've come to realize I miss more than anything.
"I'm glad you are here, she admits, then she looks at me, her face going cold and looks forward. I lean into her ear to whisper something snarky, but the door creaks open instead.
Ezrah gives me a smirk and I take an internal sigh of relief. I was worried one of the others would answer. There is one person in particular I am trying to avoid.
"You answer doors now?" I ask him and he chuckles.
Thankfully, no, I am on my way out after delivering the message you would be arriving
"You have been monitoring us, Ezrah?" I ask, and he shrugs. "How did they take that?" I quirk a brow and he fights a grin.
"Oh, with an air of grace, Alpha. As always. But I can hear the teasing lilt in his voice. I am sure they took word of my arrival with rage and a side of bitterness.
"Ah, yes. I am sure they did." I clear my throat, looking to Colette, who watches Ezrah with a curious eye
"Ezrah, this is my Luna, Colette," I say. She bows her head in respect and Ezrah barks out a laugh.
"Oh, I like her." he grins. "I should bow to you, Luna, I am no one, just a low messenger."
"And I was a maid until recently. Your station doesn't matter much to me, but your kindness does. You seem to trust each other. She says, shooting me a look..
Ezrah arches an amused brow
"Trust? Hardly. His great grandfather killed my kind."
"Great, great-great-great..-maybe a few more in there somewhere-Grandfather. It's been a few generations now." I remind him, and he nods knowingly.
"Yes, I am aware of how you all get over things in time. But it is much harder for the people who live much longer."
"And It wasn't your kind." I frown at him.
"The council is my kind. I serve all." He reminds me with a twinkle in his eye. "As long as it is in the best interest of the council" "Fraternizing with the enemy. Ez?" a light airy voice beckons and 1 reach out, instinctively gripping Colette's hand in mine.
"Never, Florence. He gives a tight lip smile, turning. "I was just leaving and ran in to an old friend"
Friend my ass." She mutters, taking a step forward. "Well, Merikh, I can't say it's great to see you. I rather hoped you would get the message you are unwanted and unwelcome here."
1/3
Chapter 28
"Wanted or not, we have the right to represent our kind" I say firmly. She scowls at me and then turns her gaze on to Colette, her eyes lighting up with delight.
"Oh," she giggles. "Oh my. You brought a plaything?"
Colette freezes, and I pull her close. She steps willingly into my embrace as I press my lips to her head.
"I brought my mate and Luna. She is my equal and will be treated with respect. Not like a person to play a part in your foreplay
She tuts and then rolls her eyes, throwing the door open wide.
"You lycans and your possessive nature. Perhaps she wants a little fun. Heavens know you aren't any." She mutters, turning and walking away. "Hurry along and I will show you to your room."
Colette remains silent the whole walk, Florence mumbling to herself as she shoots daggers my way and checks Colette out once or twice. She weaves us past a second kitchen and up a set of spiral staircases before stopping with an annoyed expression
"Apparently, dinner will be in two hours" She says, sounding annoyed. "It's requested that you bathe and dry off thoroughly. I would hate to choke to death on the smell of a wet dog." "Don't tempt me-"
"Thank you for kindly showing us to our room." Colette says cutting me off as she death grips my hand. Florence's face changes to one of an overly excited cheerleader.
it was nothing." She tucks a hair behind her ear flirtatiously. "The women will be having a drink before dinner, if you want to join?" she asks.
"That does sound nice, but we are newly mated and uh-" Colette flushes "I'm not quite ready to be too far from Merikh
yel
"What a shame." Florence sighs before she sashays away, and I drag Colette into the room,
The second the door closes Colette steps into me, her face buried in my chest as she drags in long deep breaths.
"Are you okay?" I whisper, running my hands up and down her arms.
"I am in way over my head, Merikh." her voice trembles and her fear makes me want to burn the whole of the council down and let everyone fend for themselves.
"You handled yourself beautifully." I admit. "Truthfully, I was worried you might not speak at all the entire trip. But you once again surprise me."
"I didn't want you to lose your temper with her. She admits, "The last thing we need is enemies."
I frown, framing her face with my hands and pulling it back so I can look down into her eyes.
"To everyone, we are the enemies. No one trusts us, and we can not trust them."
"What is Florence?" She asks, taking a step back and fixing her shirt.
"Promise not to laugh?" I ask, biting back a smile. She is going to lose her shit when she hears what Florence is.
"Uh. Okay. I won't laugh." She says, but I know she will. Which is why I told her not to because now she won't be able to stop herself because she is expecting outrageous, but not this outrageous. "Florence is a unicorn." I grin.
Colette chokes on her own spit, her hand over her throat and her eyes wide as she laughs and heaves. It's contagious. Her
Chapter 26
smile, her laugh, and I rub her back, joining in. After a moment, she shakes her head and wipes her eyes.
"No, seriously."
"I am dead serious."
"Where is her horn" She asks, still chuckling. I tug at my shirt collar, wondering how she will handle all the species she will
meet over the month.
"Her horn only appears in her true form. She isn't quite a shifter, not quite human. They are able to take on human form with the use of their magic. And they have a horn to symbolize their greatest downfall." "Downfall?" She tilts her head. "You mean her snarky mood isn't enough?" she says with a smile.
"They are always horny." I shrug and she freezes.
"Like they always want to..."
"Yes."
"You are joking." she whispers wide eyed and I bite back a grin.
"I'm actually not. She has tried many times to make her way into my room with one of her various partners."
"Doesn't take no for an answer?" She asks, but I can see the rage growing in her eyes. It seems like my little Luna doesn't like the thought of someone else trying to bed her Alpha.
"She does. But it takes some convincing. The point is, avoid being alone with her at all costs."
"Not going to lie. I may be mad at you, but I don't think I will leave your side."
There is a knock at the door and I take a few steps back, my heart soaring at the thought of her staying close at all times before I spin and pull the door open. All joy and happiness leeches from me as I stand face to face with the fucker who blew my world up three years ago. He leans on the door frame, grinning.
"Rumor has it you have a new Luna" His voice grates on my cars, his fangs showing as he looks over my shoulder. "She isn't nearly as stunning as my Lauren was, but she will do just fine."
"She is off limits." I grit out
"What are you going to do? Kill her to keep her from me. Eventually, you're going to run out of options."
甘
###Chapter 27
Chapter 27
Colette POV
The second the door opens, the air in the room changes. It grows cold and Merikh's tension is palpable on my tongue. I move closer, catching a set of crimson eyes with a dangerous glint of amusement. His tongue darts out, licking his lips after he mutters something to Merikh, and I watch his knuckles grow white as he crushes the door handle.
Pushing my anger aside, I move over to Merikh, taking his hand in mine, and sliding my other up his arm to press my body close to his while looking at his perfectly angled face. Then the man clears his throat, vying for my attention, but I refuse to give him a single moment more when Merikh is barely holding on. Instead, I press up onto my toes and drop a kiss on his
cheek.
"Come, let's rest while we can." My heart is thudding and I am certain the man staring at us can hear it, but I don't care. I can feel not only his danger but Merikh's just beneath the surface and I know he needs this save. Our pack needs him to calm himself.
"You must be the New Luna?" the person says and I glance at him briefly, taking in his appearance.
He is thinner than Merikh, and though he is tall by most standards, he is not Merikh's level of tall. His shoulders are slender and his face is thin but attractive. Again, he has nothing on the specimen of a man I am clinging to.
"I am. Is there something we can assist you with...?" I ask, leading him so I get a name.
"Johannes," He says with a slight accent and a grin on his pale lips. I listen as best I can, trying to determine what he is without needing to be told. Then he shows me his fangs and I realize he is a vampire. "Prince Royale of the Vampire clans!
“Ah, I see.” I murmur, pressing my lips into a flat, unimpressed line. "I am Colette, Luna of the Lycans and werewolves"
Merikh twitches, his hand releasing the doorknob and taking mine in his and I can feel his eyes on me as I stand tall and introduce myself.
"Mmm, you don't look like much." He says, glancing at Merikh waiting for him to take the bait, but he doesn't.
"Did you get what you needed?" Merikh asks, seeming to finally snap out of his daze. He stares Johannes down, squaring his shoulder, and I can feel the way his muscles twitch
"Your reaction was a little underwhelming, I must admit. I really hoped you would be more excited to see me?
"Are you two friends?" I ask, trying to get a sight into what the hell this hostile energy is.
"Friends?" Johannes tastes the word, seeming to swish it around in his mouth before he gives me a devious smile. "Depends on your definition. We shared a woman, so to some that would be friendly, no?" Merikh scoffs, taking a step forward but I cling to him with every ounce of me and he clears his throat sliding me a grateful
look.
*Johannes here was Lauren's lover, whilst she was supposed to be my luna," he informs me in a bitter voice. "I thought you were dead.”
"I am royalty, Merikh. Did you really think my coven cared about who I fucked?"
"The coven? No. The council I thought had more tact."
is up to me to decide.
"Mmm, the council does not protect your kind any longer. What I do with your kind for a little fun is And I am not the only one enjoying having you all as little playthings. Or so I hear."
"So should I kill you now, before I get on the council?" Merikh asks him and Johannes shakes his head with a laugh.
"You don't seem to take hints very well, so I will be candid with you. The council will never you let you back on it. You being here, right now, it's the elders being nostalgic for the old days. But you will slip up with that signature lycan temper. And I
1/3
Chapter 27
can't fucking WAIT to swoop in and take your new luna for a test-
"It will be a cold day in hell the second I let you touch me." I growl, pushing my way in front of Merikh in a last-ditch attempt to keep him from attacking this asshole. “You may have been able to sway a weak, unworthy woman with promises of immortality, but I would rather die than betray my pack and my mate.
My wolf is going feral in my mind, lashing out and begging to tear at this asshole for suggesting we would ever be as weak as Lauren. We aren't her. We aren't some weak, traitorous asshole who thinks only of herself. Merikh's arms wrap around my waist from behind, pulling me back into his chest as he takes a step back.
"Thanks for stopping by Johannes. Now if you don't mind, kindly fuck right off," he says, sounding amused before he slams the door shut.
The next thing I know I am pinned against the closed door, Merikh looming over me with his arms on either side of my head as he studies my face with barely restrained. dare I say lust?
There are no words that pass between us in this heavy moment, but so much is said in the way he stares into my eyes, and the way my heart seems to match his beat after skipping a few. Then he reaches out, cupping my face as he drags my lips to his. Apprehension quickly melts into a fiery need and I clutch to his shoulders, kissing him back.
His lips are soft and pliant as I whimper a needy moan, and he nibbles my bottom lip. I am putty in his hands, his to mold and do with what he needs as he gives me more genuine emotions than I have seen from him in days. He kisses like he is apologizing, begging to erase the hurt of the past week, but I know I can't. No matter how much I crave this, and him.
I tilt my head down, breaking the kiss. He presses his forehead to mine, out of breath, as he shakes. It breaks me to see him so vulnerable, so upset about seeing the man who made his life a living hell. I hate knowing that these emotions, his need to kiss me, arose from Lauren and her asshole immortal lover.
"Thank you." He whispers, his voice hoarse and breaking.
"For what?" I ask, surprised.
"Did you mean what you said?" He asks, standing up straight. His emerald eyes search me, looking into the depths of my soul, and I frown.
"Mean what?"
"What you said to him..about dying instead of betraying your pack and me..." He looks like a little child, waiting for his mom to say yes over some huge gift he asked for and I tilt my head, my hand sliding up his neck as I use my thumb to stroke his jawline
"Of course." I furrow my brow. "I made a promise to our pack, and you. No matter how angry I am with you, Merikh, you gave me a home. You gave me a purpose, and I owe you everything."
I swear I witness his heart break at that moment, the way his eyes soften and he exhales like I had confessed that I loved him
"Thank you for still choosing us." He whispers, his hand covering my and dragging it away from his face. He holds it in his between us, playing with my fingers, fidgeting.
I want to tell him it's fine and that I forgive him, but the truth is. I have changed since coming to our pack, since choosing this as my path. The path of a luna has no room for the old me. The one who would let everyone, no matter what, walk all
OVLT INC.
I am the Lycan Queen and it's about damn time I act like it
"His eyes...
." I say, changing the subject, and Merikh nods,
"Yes, the vampire royals all have crimson red eyes."
I furrow my brows, thinking of the wolves in the woods, trying to pinpoint the color of red in their hollow eyes.
"They aren't they can't be the reason for the red wolves, right?" I ask him and he huffs out a heavy sigh.
2/3
13:29 Thu,
Chapter 27
The wolves were spelled, or compulsion could have been used, but no, it would not explain the eyes being the color they
were
"So it wasn't the vampires?"
"It very much could have been them. Or the witches or Fae. Or anyone here working with another group. There is no ruling anyone out, Colette..everyone here is our enemy. "Every single one?" I ask, biting my lip, feeling uneasy all over again. How the hell am I supposed to sleep if I know that everyone here is probably plotting against us?
"Yes, but we will make allies soon enough."
"You just said we can't trust anyone. So how will me make allies?" I ask, confused.
"You." He says with a shrug before stepping further into the massive suite.
"What do I have to do with it?"
"Everything. But for starters, you clearly can keep me from killing Johannes, and that's a huge win" He moves around the room, looking in doors and checking spaces as I watch him, shocked..
One minute he was near catatonic, then homicidal, then kissing me senseless. And now...now he is almost giddy walking around the large room and telling me how important I am. If he keeps this whiplash up, I'm going to end up with a
concussion
But I have to admit, it's kind of
being acknowledged for something I did right,
3/3
###Chapter 28
Chapter 28
"Merikh
11 POV
Colette steps out of the bathroom, her scent wafting from the steam that follows behind her. She looks more prepared, like the shower provided her with liquid courage.
Her hair is soft and wavy, falling over her delicate shoulders that are exposed in her pale blue summer dress. The soft ruffles. remind me of waves lapping at the shore as they cascade over her bust and down one side where a slit reveals a portion of
her smooth skin.
She looks divine. A breath of fresh air after a lifetime being lost in the Marianas trench. My heart races as I meet her eyes, my mouth dry. Colette watches me curiously before growing noticeably nervous and she crosses her arm across her belly. holding the other arm while she looks away. I hate she feels she has to hide, like she has no idea how damn stunning she is
"Don't do that." I rasp out, standing from the edge of the bed as I move toward her. "Do not ever hide."
"I'm not used to dressing like this..." she frowns,
"You look beautiful." I tell her sincerely.
It won't be hard to make it seem like I can't keep my hands off her in a dress like this. The lycan in me is rallying against my sane mind, begging to make me force her to change. To cover her up and not allow anyone to see her like this but us. But I want everyone to stare. I want them to look at her and gape.
Colette needs to see what she can do, what she has always been capable of. She has always been stunning, but since coming to my pack, she has flourished. I know she wasn't being poisoned in her old pack. Not in the way she thinks she was. But she was sickly, her soul malnourished and her wolf suffered, making her thing and gaunt.
Not anymore.
A month of good food, exercise and people who treat her well. Well...most people who treat her well. I wince inwardly, hating that I'm the one who causes her stress. I am the one who hurt her and ruined us. It's not fair to punish her for my insecurities, but yet... I can't find it in my pride to tell her that. Not yet.
Not when I know that this is just a small amount of the hatred she will send my way when she finds out at the first meeting.
Her soft hand touches mine, and I shake myself from my thoughts, taking her in once more. Damn, she is perfect. Her lips part and I lick mine.
"You don't have to flatter me," she mumbles.
"I'm being honest." I say firmly.
"Oh," she blinks, her cheeks growing pink as she tucks some hair behind her car. I reach out, undoing it and then I look her in the eyes, making sure she can see the sincerity. "Are you ready for this?" I ask her.
+
"I don't have a choice," she says with a sigh. It pains me to hear her say that, knowing I forced her here. Forced all of this on her.
"Tonight it is." I say, deciding to give her back a little control. "If you would prefer to stay behind, or both of us to stay behind, I can muster up an excuse."
It's true. It would be easy to skip this dinner with a simple lie. To them, we are recently mated, and it would be perfectly reasonable to say we got carried away or were too exhausted,
"No." she says, shaking her head. "I'll be fine."
"You are sure?" I check once more.
Yes. She presses her hand to my chest, and I know she can feel my fast beating heart. Her eyes soften, but she says nothing. Instead, she hides a smile and steps past me, heading to the door. "Are you ready?"
"Yes," I say, clearing my throat and moving toward her as she slips her feet into a pair of small heels
"Remember, we are in love. I will be close to you the entire evening and if you need to escape, you only need to lean in and whisper. These people can be they can be a lot. You thought I was a monster being the Alpha of Death? You are about to come face to face with people who will smile while they cut you open."
Her face pales, but she squares her shoulders and sets her lips. She is damn cute when she puts a warrior face on
"I am the Lama of the Werewolves and Lycans," she says firmly. "They don't scare me. Not when you are at my side."
I can't tell if she means it or not and I chose not to dissect it 100 much because true or not, those words are what I have needed to hear from a mate for so long. My heart feels lighter and my lycan purrs with delight as I reach down and take her hand in mine, entwining our fingers.
"Well then, Luna Letty," I give her a wink using the name she announced herself as Luna with. "Let's go have dinner with
some monsters."
She clings to my hand, reaching over and grabbing my bicep as well, pulling herself closer as we enter the dining area. Everyone is chatting merrily, laughter floating through the large space before it stops and all eyes land on us. Johannes smirks, and Florence rolls her eyes while the others look at us with a mild curiosity.
"Oh wonderful," Florence groans, sitting roughly back in her seat.
"There are two spots over here, Johannes says with a devious smirk, pulling a chair closer to him. I growl vibrates through my chest as Florence laughs and the others watch in silence. It's strange how the others don't join in, but I assume they are already fed up with these two. It doesn't take much.
"Enough," a deep, tired voice says from behind us. I turn and watch as Caspian, who was supposed to be coming late into this whole charade, saunters into the dining room. Everyone seems to grow stiff, Johannes glancing away and Florence's cheeks grow red in embarrassment.
"Caspian," Florence says, shaking her hair out and flashing a quick smile. "We weren't expecting you for at least another week."
"I moved things around," He says, walking past us, giving Colette and 1 a sideways glance. He commands the presence of everyone in his navy shirt and linen pants with a stern look. He smells of the ocean breeze and I glance at Colette, who watches him curiously.
Who is this?" He asks, taking his seat, thin looking up at me.
"This is my Luna. I announce, and he frowns, tilting his head.
"A new one? Already?"
"It's been three years." I say, "
I
"And you are well aware she was a traitor and killed my father."
"I suppose that doesn't inspire much of an undying loyalty." he frowns. "Sit. Eat. We will have a long first meeting
tomorrow."
I look and see two seats on opposite ends of the table and I tense, not happy about splitting up from Colette. She glances up at me, fear-filled eyes, and I decide to take a drastic measure.
1 drag her with me to the seat sitting to the left of Casplan and I sit, then I wrap my arms around her waist and tug her into my lap. She feels tense at first until I pull her hair to the side and kiss the bare skin between her shoulder blades. She shivers, then relaxes, leaning back into me as I nuzzle her neck.
"Is the chair next to Johannes not good enough for her?" Florence spits at us and Colette snaps her head in her direction.
"You can speak to me directly, and no. I will not stoop so low as to sit next to a soulless monster who steals mates for their
Trac
2/8
Chapter 28
own fun," Colette growls. I squeeze her tighter in gratitude, loving this savvy Lama and how she stands up for her kind, and
1. me.
Everyone is silent until Caspian chuckles and shakes his head.
"I like her better than the other one" He admits.
Pride swells in my chest at his words, knowing firsthand how far she has come. How hard she has worked to grow her confidence.
"She is something else, that's for sure." I say, meeting her gaze over her shoulder as her cheeks grow pink at the compliment. I catch Caspian looking at her, then casting his tired, worn eyes down at the plate served in front of him.
"Hold on to her, the mate bond is one thing I have always admired about your kind. There is nothing quite like it." He says softly, once again sliding a sideways glance in our direction.
"Do you have a queen?" Colette asks sweetly, and he freezes.
"No." He sighs, taking a swing of the goblet next to him. "No, I have not been fortunate enough to find my queen."
In his
I know it's a lie. But few of us know that truth. Hell, until recently, I believed my kind was the only kind to know Caspian's heartbreaking truth. He had a queen once, and a little princess too. He lost them both, murdered when he was away kingdom trying to change laws that kept him from his girls. Or so he thinks.
But as I mentioned, I know the truth. His queen may be gone, but his princess is alive and thriving. And she is sitting tucked away on my lap.
SEND GIFT
###Chapter 29
Chapter 29
"Colette POV
I can't help but feel bad for Caspian, as he looks away from me, unable to look me in the eye. It's obvious that he may not have a queen now, but at one point there was someone he cared for, loved maybe.
I tilt my head, taking in his graying hair and the way his skin seems to glisten as if he dusted with a soft morning dew. He is a handsome man, looking dashing in his expensive clothes as he eats in his silence But king of the council or not, he is still a
man, or part man.
"What is it like?" I ask, making him pause mid bite. "The ocean?"
He places his spoon down. Caspian turns in his chair to face me, his curious eyes taking in my face a spark of interest in his deep grays.
"That's a strange question," He says, but the malice isn't there, instead he places his elbows on the table and leans on them, watching me with a curious glint in his eyes.
's just that I've never been to the ocean before." I give him a soft smile. "I've always wondered what it feels like or even looks like under the waves."
"It's a shame you haven't experienced for yourself." He says, returning my smile. "The ocean is-
"Wet, and smells of fish" Florence interrupts, mumbling into her glass of whatever alcohol can get supernatural beings drunk. I'm not entirely sure they can get drunk, but with how she acts, she has to be drunk. All the time.
"My first time being near a body of water was when I came to my new pack." I say ignoring Florence and reminiscing about the lake that instantly made me feel at home. The way the water just calmed me. The sound, the feel, having it near me.
"And did you enjoy it?"
I nod, giddily. "The water is magical."
"It is indeed." he gives me a tight smile, before clearing his throat. I glance around the table. Everyone's eyes are on us, watching me like I am spinning some b, ready to catch Caspian and drag him away or something.
Then he sits back in his chair, looking between me and Merikh before he clears his throat once more and picks up his utensils again, then straightens himself out to eat the rest of his dinner. -You trained this dog better than the last one. He mutters, before scooping up food and pushing it into his mouth.
My jaw drops and Merikh's arm tightens around me, a warning not to say anymore. My gaze once again slides around the table, taking in all the unfamiliar faces who try not to stare or gawk at me and my embarrassed, red cheeks
"This is my Luna, Caspian." Merikh says in a low, threatening voice.
"Your point?" He sighs, annoyed.
"She is not a dog, nor is she someone for you to judge and put down."
"Please, you think we don't see this pathetic attempt to make her dazzle me by speaking about the fucking water so you can earn your spot on the council? I am not stupid. If she is your mate, your true Luna then where is your mark, Merikh?" He asks, turning his head and looking at my neck. He observes both sides. "I don't see it."
"Our marks do not always go where others can see them," Merikh tells him.
"Oh, come on, that's bullshit and you know it." Johannes heckles from his side of the table. "You marked Lauren on the neck. Are you not as fond of this one? Because Florence and I would take her for you. "Shut up Johannes," Caspian growls, "Must you always bring up that dreadful dead bitch?
Tr
1/4
Chapter 29
Johannes stands abruptly, his chair toppling to the floor as he slams his fists on the table.
"Sit Down Caspian hisses. I watch as Johannes' eyes flicker a darker red before he pushes off in anger and collects his chair.
"He is right," a bearded man draws out, crossing his arms over his broad chest as he sits back, his eyes boring into mine. "We all know Lycan's are possessive. Your kind wants the world to know what belongs to them."
I scoff, rolling my eyes and I force Merikh's hand from my waist angrily. I scowl, looking around the table, annoyed and nervous. These people are all full of themselves and such assholes, including Caspian, who I mistakenly got the vibe might be a decent person. Everyone here is so full of themselves and self important that it is a wonder that anyone is ever safe or that the council even serves a real purpose. "Should I hike up my dress to show you my mark?" I offer, reaching for the hem, pulling it up an inch, showcasing more skin that I am used to. Merikh growls, jumping up as Florence giggles and Caspian looks at me arching a brow in curiosity.
"I think we would rather not see it." He says after a moment. Merikh moves himself in front of me, his eyes blazing in anger and I furrow my brows, confused. Why would he be upset about me calling their bluff to help us!
"Speak for yourself, Florence says with a gleeful grin. "Show me the mark, baby girl."
"Your mark is only for me to see," Merikh hisses, bending down so our faces are close together. His nose lightly brushes over mine. A warning in his eyes.
"Sit. Eat your food. You will want all the nourishment you can get before we sit and argue for a month about why you will never be on the council again. Caspian sighs.
I press my hands to Merikh's chest, giving myself space as I look him in the eyes, then nod to the chair. He doesn't budge until I gently push him a second time and his lips twitch in frustration before he sits and opens his arms to welcome me back on his lap
His muscular forearm wraps around me like a seatbelt, tucking me as close as humanly possible to him. I wiggle, trying to get comfortable, but freeze when I hear a pained groan and feel something pressing into my butt cheek.
I slide him a glance over my shoulder, shocked, and he gives me a wry smile. He dips his head, his lips finding the top of my shoulder, before pressing a kiss to my heated skin. I need to remind myself I am mad at him. That our relationship is built on a broken foundation with no trust, but damn if I can't help but want to melt into him.
"How did you two meet? Seeing as you are obviously second chance mates, which is a little rare for your kind, correct?" A blonde-haired woman asks, drawing my attention. I give her a soft smile.
"It's not crazy rare, but it's not an everyday occurrence." I smile. "Merikh came to my pack to mate with the Alpha's daughter Loffer, before getting ng squeeze from Merikh to continue on.
a
"And you discovered you were mates." She finishes and I chuckle.
"Something like that." I say softly, leaning back into the wall of a man behind me. "I discovered my first mate in the alpha's daughter's bed. He got her pregnant and then rejected me. Merikh and I obviously refused her, and I was traded in her place. At his insistence, of course."
"How romantic," she says, clutching her chest with a genuine smile on her lips.
"It's been a whirlwind," Merikh mutters and 1 bark out a laugh, thinking back on what feels like so long ago.
Then I shake my head and look down, noticing the plates before us, a little shocked that I didn't see them arrive, but I grab a fork and cut into the roasted chicken breast. As I take a bite, relishing the tender meat, there is shouting down the hallway that has everyone looking around.
"Oh, great, Brent is here." Johannes says.
"Does the wizard get under your skin, vamp?" Florence asks with a giddy grin.
"Enough. Eat, then go about your business. I am tired of the bickering, especially when we all know what the first meeting Chapter 29
will turn into by the end."
I furrow my brow, not really sure what will happen but based on everyone taking a drink from their cups and avoiding eye contact with anyone, it seems tomorrow will be very much like this dinner. As long as I'm not a part of it, it could be fun.
Merikh leans forward, one arm around my waist and the other feeding himself. I take his lead, devouring my food in silence before pressing back into him again and watching the others chat amongst themselves.
As everyone finishes their meals, they leave in silence, either wandering to the deck outside and mingling or disappearing down the hallways. Merikh helps me off his lap, taking his hand in mine as he leads me back to the room, closing the door behind us and releasing a heavy sigh. All of his tension evaporates as he spins and looks at me.
"So how'd that feel?" He asks. I shrug.
"Not entirely different from dinner in my old pack, except at least here I had almost actual conversation. Who is the blonde woman?" I ask. "The one that was asking me about how we found each other? "She doesn't matter. What matters is what the hell were you going to do if they called your bluff?" He growls, crossing the room to me as I take steps backward to escape him.
"They didn't." I remind him.
"If they had, it would have gotten us both killed, you understand that, right? I would have killed every fucking one of them I could for seeing what wasn't theirs to see."
I bite back a smile, trying to hide the thrilling shiver that zips through my body with his possessive nature over me. No one has ever really wanted me before, all of me. I mean, he has acted this way with Grady but for him to be this way with people that are equal to him...it's a little exciting and kind of a turn on.
"It won't happen again." I tell him, and he drags a hand over his face.
"I'm sorry it's just...after everything with..." He pauses and frowns at me and I sigh. He is talking about Grady. Would he still feel this way if he knew the truth? If he knew I picked him and that it was an easy decision? I hire my lip, but my damn mouth has a mind of its own since becoming his Luna
"Merikh, I didn't kiss Grady back. I slapped him and told him to leave." I blurt out. Merikh freezes, his eyes full of shock and wonder.
"I saw you two kissing." He tries to argue, but I close the short distance between us now. Pressing my hand to his cheek.
"He kissed me and I was stunned. The second I realized what was happening, I shoved him back and slapped him. You can alpha command me to tell you the truth."
He pauses, thinking about it for a moment. I want him to trust me, to take my word for it because, damn it, it's the freaking truth. My chest aches with anticipation, my eyes flitting from one to the other, trying to predict what is going to happen.
next.
"It is easier if I don't believe you." He murmurs, and my heart shatters. I don't know why it does. I knew what his response would be. Merikh's trust issues have trust issues. Asking for such a big thing from him was a long shot, but I still find myself so disappointed.
"You mean you still don't trust me? Merikh, you could just command the truth. Under the oath, I can't lie to you, right?"
He steps away from me, moving to the bathroom, stopping in the doorway.
"You think the kiss is the only issue? The fact remains, you still lied to my face, Colette." he whispers before disappearing. Leaving me behind to force the tears away and reflect on what I know was wrong.
###Chapter 30
Chapter 30
Heavens, I needed this. No, I've dreamed of this, Running in wolf form along a beautiful river with the moon still hung in the sky, speaking life into my very soul. I can't recall the last time I ever enjoyed my wolf's form in this manner. I was always too weak to let her out more than once or twice a year and that was only IF I could get her to come out.
For most wolves, they would go crazy, driving their human to the brink of insanity, but my wolf was always so far out of reach. It's not since moving to Merikh's that we are strong enough to handle a shift on command. Not since being away from my old pack and the poison. I am sure she was putting in my food.
I trot to the edge of the water, peeking at the mirror-like surface and checking out my healthy coat of dark gray fur. It looks almost iridescent in the bright moonlight and I spin, giving myself a full look before a sense of pride settles deep in my stomach. I'm perfect in wolf form.
I'm no longer small or malnourished. Just a happy, healthy, average wolf recharging under the full moon, Except I'm not average, I'm a Luna. And not just any Luna, but the Lycan Luna. Not that I feel like one in the slightest.
"I'd love to know what you're thinking right now," someone says. I spin and growl, watching as Caspian saunters toward me, his hands in his pockets as he assesses me with a glint of familiarity. He tosses a bag at me and I catch it in my mouth, tilting my head to see what he wants.
"Shift back and take a walk with me." he says, turning his back to me.
After a moment of watching him curiously, he clears his throat and I decide maybe I can use this opportunity to do what Merikh has failed to do all this time. Win Caspian over in friendship. 1 shift into my human form, quickly pulling out the garments inside and slipping into the softest yoga pants and sweatshirt I have ever touched.
"What did you want to talk about?" I ask him, as I slip the now empty bag over my shoulder. Capsian turns to look at me, his hands in his pockets once more as he nods to his side, showing I should walk with him.
"Come." He says softly, but I hesitate thinking about Merikh's warning of not being able to trust anyone. Then again, Percy is in the shadows so maybe it will be fine.
"I am not sure my mate will like this very much. I tell him and he chuckles sofily
lesire to w
"He knows you are in no danger with me. I have no desire to whisk you away from him and you pose no immediate threat to my wellbeing, which would lead to me needing to kill you. I assure you, Letty...is it?"
"Yes, Letty." I say, smiling to myself. I don't really know why being called Letty sets my heart a blaze. Maybe it's because it signifies a new me. A stronger, braver version, one worthy of leading and being here just like anyone else. Either way, I can't help but feel pride in the new me and new name.
"Well, Letty, I assure you I have only good intentions. I only wish to know you more." He smiles and I skeptically move to his side.
We walk in awkward silence for a short time, the two of us absorbing the beautiful scenery. The air is still, and the full moon's light reflects off the glassy water, illuminating the night life around us. I can see little orbs of yellow and I swallow, fear creeping into my chest, remembering the green orb that destroyed my heart with the intense realistic dream it-wove in my mind.
-Why are you stopping?" Caspian asks, looking around. I shake my head, my throat tight, and that feeling of watching my mom be ripped from the world in front of me resurfaces as I breathe roughly. "Letty..." his voice sounds distant, and it feels like I am being sucked back in.
His hand touches my bicep and I jump back, inhaling sharply before I pull myself back from the cowering I was doing internally. No. I will not be that girl. The one with trauma so crippling I can not enjoy the night. I refuse to let them take anything else from me. Fate has already done a good enough job of making my life painful. I am so damn sick of pain.
"Forgive me," I release a breath, my hand to my chest as I try to force my heart to calm itself.
"There is no need to apologize. Are you okay? Did something spook you? I promise you are safe," He tries to reassure me
Chapter 30
and frown
There is no way of knowing if I can actually trust Caspian. If I should tell him about the attacks that have been happening. Would explaining it all do anything to break away at his ice heart?
Then I remember, he won't do anything about it since we are not members of this council yet, but surely mentioning how someone is targeting me will show him how important us being on the council is. How much we, as a species, need their protection?
"I...I was recently attacked. Several times, actually, and I am working through those moments." I say, giving hin a tight smile. "Some things seem to trigger those memories"
"Ah, yes. I heard of your accident." He gives me a sad look, like he wishes he could apologize or offer me some sort of condolences. But that would be acknowledging blame. That we belong under the umbrella of safety with the other species and he can't do that. Not yet.
"Oh, the accident is the least of my worries." I smile. "I struggle with the dream weavers and what they placed in my head. Those are new to me, someone playing in my mind, changing what little memories I have of my dead loved ones to nightmares." The moment I start speaking, I find my anger grows.
Speaking of this out loud...it's not just painful, but a startling truth that whoever was doing this isn't just trying to scare me. they are trying to scar me. Make me bitter and angry.
Anger is easier to manipulate and control. Anger makes a person predictable, yet unstable. You know how to make them react, and when they react, the only thing you don't know is how. And that's what they want from me. A reaction.
"Dream weavers..." He asks, and I look up at him to see his furrowed brow
"Ever have one play with your mind?" I ask and he shakes his head no. "Count your lucky stars. You have your protection."
"Is it that bad?" He asks, curious.
I scoff out a dry laugh. If only he had even a semblance of understanding of what these other species can do, what it feels. like to be on the receiving end. Then he might not wish to keep us all out. He might le us into the council and spare my people what these other monsters have planned for us for the sake of some fun.
"I have very few memories of my mother." I say with a heavy sigh, walking a little ahead of him. "The ones I do have aren't, happy or sweet. They are sad. But the dream weavers entered my mind, toying with my memories, distorting them so that those last few moments I have with her in my head are of her death. A death I know I did not witness,"
"How do you know that is not the truth?" he asks, arching a brow.
I tilt my head, truly understanding how much he doesn't know about the other species. How can he be the king when he doesn't know what these monsters are capable of? How they act and treat those they deem lesser than then in the name of fun.
"There are ways to determine what is real." I say, "But that doesn't erase the jagged point of a spear breaking through my mother's chest covered in her blood while she blames me for her death. No matter how easily I can determine it was false, that image lives there. That moment I had with her shattered in my heart and in my mind forever because someone wanted to lure me away from my home, away from the safety of my mate."
"Why are you so sure they don't want to save you?" he asks with furrowed brows. His silver streaks in his hair look so much more defined when he stands in the moonlight, his chin jutted out the side in serious thought.
"You don't save someone by trying to hurt them."
"You were not injured, were you?" he asks, sounding genuinely concerned.
"That time no, but I was injured the first time. They crashed into our vehicles and dragged me out by my broken leg. My femur was shattered and the only person who was there to help me was Merikh. He was ready to die to protect me, to bring me home."
2/3
3/3
Chapter 20
"I hate to say this, but there are many who do not like
of like your mate, Letty," he frowns and I hark out a laugh.
"He is abrasive. But he is loyal to his own downfall. Merikh is broken, but he is trying. We all are, and it's all for. This person who is after me, what reason do you think they would want me?" I ask him.
"I can not say." He responds by shaking his head and shrugging.
"I can. They want to hurt Merikh To break him beyond repair and ruin him and I will not let them."
"Hmm, and you think it is the same person?"
"I know it is." I tell him resolutely.
"Oh, and how could you possibly know that if you don't know who it is?"
anyone
Werewolves don't have red, glowing eyes." I snort. "Neither do lycans. And they do not attack their new Luna and Lycan king. How many species can manipulate what others do and how they act?"
"In a
way, almost all of them." He admits, "But wouldn't that mean that it could be anyone both times? That it could be separate attacks. You said yourself one was a dream weaver, and the other was wolves with red eyes. He seems to be in deep thought as he speaks.
"The dream weaver led me to the border in my sleep. At the border, waiting for me, was a crowd of red-eyed wolves. Do you think two separate parties would use the same exact people if they were not working together!"
He pauses for a moment, his lips pressing together in a thin line.
"Why are you telling me all of this? Are you trying to play to my sympathies and manipulate me?" he asks, arching a brow.
I shake my head, smiling at him.
"No. No, I am informing you, out of respect for the position you hold, that someone here on your honorable council is a coward. I want you to know that I am hunting them."
"They are protected, no matter what or who they are. They are under the protection of the council. Killing any of the members would get you exiled."
"What good is that punishment when we are already exiled?" I remind him with a small smirk.
SEND GIFT
###Chapter 31
Chapter 31
"We will not see eye to eye on this matter, I fear." He sighs heavily, shaking his head.
I shrug and keep walking, picking up my pace to get back to Merikh a little sooner. No matter how much he gives me the silent treatment. I crave his presence when I'm not around him.
Maybe it's the supposed second chance mate bond her claims we have. Or perhaps it's because I find I feel safe with only him. Either way, I want this encounter to be over.
"I suppose not." I frown, my eyes scanning the shadows of the trees along the east, looking for Percy. It would be nice to know where exactly he is, to give him a signal that I want him to come whisk me away. "Your friend is still there. I can sense his presence." Caspian says without looking at me. "He is lucky that we allow him to remain here. We could have him dispatched, and you wouldn't be able to do anything about it"
"We wouldn't be here if we couldn't bring him, and touch him and I will rage a war." I snark at him a little sassier than I
should.
"Mmm, I don't recall even inviting your kind here in the first place," He retorts. This king swaps moods quicker than a woman trying on a dress for her first date.
"And yet we found an invitation. You don't find that odd?" I ask him and he refuses to look at me,
"I'm not sure I understand what you mean," Caspian mutters, sounding bored.
"Someone at this event wants us to be here." I shrug. "My guess is the person who is trying to hurt me, and Merikh has ulterior motives."
"It is possible." He shrugs, sounding disinterested before he releases a large huff. "Well Letty, it was an interesting interaction but I suppose I should be off..."
"Can I ask you something?" I ask, stopping him by stepping in his way. He Places his hands on his hips and looks me over with a curious gaze before nodding and rolling his eyes.
"You may ask, but I do not promise to answer," he bites out, making sure I understand he is in control of this conversation.. Which means I need to tread lightly...
"Why can't you have a mate?" I ask, and he laughs, caught off guard by-my question. I notice the way the water ripples in tune with his melodic tune, and I realize that is just a small semblance of his true force, his real power.
"Sirens do not have mates, like unicorns or witches," he explains. "Werewolves and lycans are the favored of the species, always the loyal one and you were all rewarded with a love that can not be refuted." I snort. "I've seen it be refuted. Rejection seems to be a rising trend in our community."
"Yes, I suppose you have, considering the story you told us at dinner a week ago. What I mean to say is that it is a soul tie. Something that goes beyond love. It's a completion of your soul. Without it, you are only half a person."
I furrow my brows in thought.
"So then, what do you call your version of a mate?"
He shrugs and looks up at the sky for a moment.
"We use the term mate as well, but it does not have the same meaning. Ours is a partner. Someone we chose as we think they will strengthen us and make us wiser. Mates for us is a strategy, one that often ends in multiple mates."
My brows knit together in thought.
"And you have chosen not to take a mate?" I ask him and he nods his head yes. "And why is that? Do you not need to have a
1/3
He chuckles and shakes his head
"I have many nieces and nephews who would love to have my throne." He says.
"But that doesn't mean that they are suited for it. And you avoided the real question," I say, quirking a brow
*True, many of them are not. But I am too old now for a child, so I will choose from them one day. And no, I do not need a mate as I do not plan to have a child at my age.
I give him a credulous stare. Does he seriously think a mate is just a strategic act? One that means you have to have a kid?
"Having a mate isn't just to have a kid. It's about having a home inside your house. Somewhere you can go when you are lost inside your head. Someone who keeps you safe just by holding you close." I watch his lips twitch as he looks off into the distance wistfully.
"I know," he whispers as if he is speaking to a memory, and I watch him curiously,
I let him dream in his head for a moment, thinking of the other species and their way to find a mate. Or their own version of a mate. Caspian is so right. How truly lucky we are to have a fated mate that we can know is meant to be ours and not someone else's. Not that I can tell if I have that with Merikh yet. But the thought is truly a thrilling one.
Then I think about Lauren. How she was mated to Merikh and yet, she still chose a vampire over him and our kind. Can cross species children happen from time to time? I mean, if Lauren and Johannes were lovers, surely they could procreate?
"You look inquisitive again," Capsian says, sounding amused.
"I'm just curious. I admit. "I did not know there were any other species out there, let alone this many. Is it possible for a werewolf to mate with any of them?" I ask.
"No." He says quickly, like he is trying to shut the topic down, but I won't let this go that easily. I am intrigued by the thought there could be thousands of little hybrids running around the world.
"No, it's not possible? Or no, it's not allowed." I ask, making sure to slide my eyes to him, studying his face, hoping to tell if he lies to me or not.
"It is not allowed." He says, refusing to look at me.
"But Lauren and Johannes..." I say and he heaves a heavy sigh
"Vampires can not have children. Not with a species that is not their own." He explains. "Vampires can choose whatever mate they want because there is no risk of a born hybrid from them." "Has it happened with any other two species before?" I ask, growing more curious by the moment.
"Yes," he sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose as though he is annoyed with all the questions. But I have no plans to stop until he asks or walks away.
"How many times?" I ask, getting excited and he looks away, his body growing stiff and the air around him turning chilled.
"Once." He says, clearing his throat and looking away from me.
"And what happened to him?" I ask and he clears his throat, stopping where he is before he looks around and then steps into my personal space.
"Why? Do you wish to create a hybrid child?" His words are harsh, full of a thinly veiled anger.
"What? No. I will carry my mate's children. I am just curious." I try to explain
2/3
Chapter 31
"You are too curious. He hisses, again his eyes darting around and his voice barely a whisper.
"Maybe you are too evasive." I shrug and he sucks on his teeth.
"She died," He clears his throat. "It was a girl, and she was killed. A hybrid is against council rules. They can not exist. A hybrid would be too powerful and unpredictable"
I feel a tightness in my chest at his words, the way he tries to hide his emotions, hiding behind his annoyance with me and anger. Caspian is the king, and has been for a very long time. If a hybrid was killed, it was his order that killed her. It would have to be.
His anger isn't anger at all. It's guilt. And it makes me sick to think he could ever order someone to death over something that wasn't their own fault.
"How old was she?" I whisper, needing to know the level of evil I am dealing with. I have to see if this handsome older man from the sea is truly a sea monster or just an old lonely man from the depths of the
ocean.
He looks away, a mist in his eyes.
"She was ten."
My mouth goes dry, my throat aching from resisting the urge to cry. Who does that? Who kills a child for being born? What assholes kill someone because they are afraid someone might be more powerful than them?
"You killed.." I pause, swallowing roughly "A child. A little girl
"The council has rules." He clips out.
"This council is bullshit." I growl. "A child! Do you hear yourself? You killed a child because her parents loved each other."
Caspian turns his gray eyes on me, a hurricane lashing through his dark irises as the water to my side floats. His eyes flash like lightning striking through the sky as he seems to fight for control of his emotions or power.
"Your kind killed her," he roars, his voice echoing through the trees, and I see Percy as he moves swiftly to my side. Then a warm hand wraps into mine and tugs me back. I look up to see Merikh, his eyes black as he stares down Caspian with a raging fury
"Our kind saved her." He growls. My eyes grow wide and snap up to him in shock.
"Lies!" Caspian steps closer, the water moving forward with him.
"I have proof." Merikh says, standing tall, unwavering. "I have proof and when you are ready to discuss letting us back on the council, I will share it all with you."
Then he turns his back to the still raging Caspian, pulling me along beside him, taking us back up to the house.
"Merikh, what was that about?" I hiss at him and he slides me a look but refuses to say anything until we make it back to the bedroom.
"There is something I need to tell you..." He sighs, pulling me down to sit on the bed next to him. "And it might be difficult for you to believe." SEND GIFT
0
###Chapter 32
Chapter 32
"Merikh
POV
"Okay, what do you have to tell me?" Colette asks. She turns her body to face me, a look of worry on her brow as he tilts her head and prepares herself.
The only problem is I don't know that this the right time to tell her. To explain to her that the whole reason she is here with me is entirely because she is the one and only hybrid to ever exist.
My choosing Leslie as a mate was no coincidence. I had every intention of leaving her before the ceremony and kidnapping Colette if need be. Fate clearly had other plans, but the fact remains. Colette is my proof that the only ever hybrid was saved by my family. Not only is she that hybrid, but the only child of Caspian.
She takes my hand, turning it over so my palm is facing up, and then she gently lifts it, pressing it to her lips. There's no fighting the shiver that runs through me, the desire that has been there and doesn't seem to go away rages against my barriers. I have thrown up time and time again to protect myself.
"You can tell me later, if it's easier." She whispers. "You seem exhausted and tomorrow you have the second meeting."
I stare at this timid, beautiful woman and my heart aches. Guilt riddles me, every day wreaking havoc on my heart and in my mind and my lycan...my lycan fights me tooth and nail to claim what is ours, what we have hidden away to keep us in check. I want to speak to her, to tell her everything, but trust is as elusive as fucking smoke.
The moon goddess has failed me once before. And though I punished myself for my part in everything, the way I turned a blind eye to Lauren's misgivings in the name of the mate bond. I don't think I can trust the moon goddess again, and that makes it impossible to know if I can trust in Colette the way I yearn to.
"I-"I try to speak but I say nothing, only staring at her, hating myself more with every passing second because I am weak. So fucking weak and though I tricked her into the oath, even though I don't deserve her.
I crave her. My soul begs to be one with hers, constantly fighting me, tearing at my conscience. Shit. I don't know what to do with her anymore. Shit, I know I have to tell her something. I can't just hide from he forever like I have for the last week.
"I am ready to hear what you have to say about Grady-1 offer, swallowing roughly as I allow her to play with my hand before entwining our fingers. She watches me closely, assessing my response, waiting for me to pull away from her like I always do.
"Are you sure?" she whispers, making sure her eyes meet mine, trying to pull the truth from inside of me.
"Yes," I nod...
"You can't run off, or get mad." She says, again waiting for me to run away like I always seem to do.
"I won't." I assure her, but she looks skeptical. Colette sucks in a deep breath and then nods.
"Grady was my best friend. My only friend. He would sneak me food, and comfort me when I would cry. I had a crush on him, no...I loved him. She pauses to look at me as I fight my anger, every bit of jealousy in my body looks for a way out but I bite it back, forcing it away and focusing on the woman who is here, with me, holding my hand.
"I am fine," I assure her through gritted teeth. I notice a small smile tugging at her lips, but she nods and continues, anyway.
"I loved him, but my feelings were one sided. Everyone knew it, including me. He slept around with girls and stuff, but when he slept with Leslie, it hurt the most because she always took such joy in causing me pain. I wanted nothing to do with him after he rejected me. It was still so fresh when I agreed to be your mate. I was still mourning, and I was trying to do it alone, without you seeing"
"That was wrong of me," I admit. "I see that now."
"If we are second chance mates like you said we are-
THE
Chapter 32
"We are," I state firmly, and she gives me a tight-lipped smile.
"Trust goes both ways, Merikh, so I hope you can forgive me for being skeptical of that claim.” Her words are brutal and blunt, but it's what I need. It's the delivery I need. It feels truthful and honest and I have to feel that. No, I need to
“I understand.” I struggle to get the words out, my ribs aching from restraining myself and fighting my nature to argue back, to make a point or to let my anger take over.
"When Grady showed up, I already knew I wanted to be with you, sure I had made you a promise and I keep promises, but I fell for you after the second week and then I feel hard, so damn hard and knowing about your past...it let me see you in a different light. I can be patient, Merikh. But it won't change my mind. I chose you and our pack. I chose you the day of our mating ceremony and I chose you over Grady and even now I'm choosing you again even when you make me so angry I
cry.
Her words feel like an ax to the chest, splitting me open like a soft log and tearing me in two. There is so much to hear in there, but all I can do is feel it. She has not tried to run from me, even when I reveal my insecurities. Even when I am acting a fool
When I was with Lauren, I felt drawn to her because of the bond. It was only the bond, but with Colette it is different. My heart is nearly bursting and it feels lik I am going to burn up just sitting here. "I love you" My eyes shoot up in shock. The words tumbling from my lips before I can even have the moment to think about what is coming out. Did I just tell her that?
"What?" she gasps. Her eyes grow misty and she searches my face for the lie, one I realize she won't find because damn it, somehow between my lack of trust and my temper tantrums and secrets, I feel in love.
Not because of a bond or because it would make our reign easier. I fell in love with her because of her patience, her kindness and how gentle she is, and that growing snark adds she finds herself. "I-I love you." I stutter again.
The air in the room feels thin, my cheeks warm as I grow embarrassed with every passing second she stares at me. Then she stands, moving in front of me. Colette reaches out, dragging me up with her as she wraps her arms around my neck.
"I swear to you, I slapped Grady and told him to leave. I did not kiss him back. Ask me, ask me to tell you the truth under the oath and I will tell you the same thing-"
My lips slam into hers, unable to stop myself as my heart thuds painfully against my ribs, begging to leap into her hands and let her have control of it. I slide my arms around her back, pulling her as close to me as possible before gliding my tongue over her lips, begging for entry, needing to taste her.
+ Colette tilts her chin up, her mouth parting as she hums in delight. I seize the moment, mingling my tongue with hers as
my stomach flips, the butterflies turning into a tumultuous hurricane.
This isn't a kiss of passion, it's one for survival, one to hide in, as I push everything that should keep us apart to the back of my mind and let my heart and lycan win.
He adds to the hunger that rises low in me, and she rolls her hips into my body. She rises on her tiptoes, trying to better reach me, so I reach down, cupping her upper thighs as I drag her up my body, showing her what she has done with me. Her frame shivers as she whimpers and kisses me deeper, her fingers tangling in my hair, dragging me closer to her.
My conscience tries to creep up. She should know who she is before I take anything further. She should know all the things I know about her. Then one of her hands releases me and caresses its way down my chest and she drags it across the top of
my dress slacks.
"Fuck," I grumble against her lips.
I spin her, using one hand to keep her pressed to me as I lean down and crawl onto the bed, then gently lay her beneath me Her hair sprawls out like a halo around her head and I suck in sharply. She is absolutely stunning. Then she pouts and I realize just how lost I am. I am a man lost at sea and she is the siren leading me home.
23
Chapter 32
"Don't stop, please." She whimpers, her hands gripping my hips and pulling me down to her. "Please stop thinking and just... live in this moment?"
There is no denying her anything, not now that I realize I love her.
It's funny how I thought who she is or what she is was so important to the council. I was so damn wrong.
Who she is, is my Luna.
What she is, is mine.
And I am done denying us both what we need.
SEND GIFT
###Chapter 33
Chapter 33
"Colette"
My body hums and my stomach is full of butterflies as Merikh kisses me, his body pressing into me from above as I snake my hands up his neck and into his hair. Our tongues tangle in a glorious battle for the control we both lack. I have wanted more from him, all of him for what feels like so damn long, and now that I am getting more from him. I fear I may die if I don't get every piece..
His hand roams to my waistline, teasing the hem of my top with his thumb before it slips under and his palm slides up my skin, teasing the bottom of my bralette. I roll my hips, trying to encourage him, making him touch me more, explore more. He smiles against my lips, and I break away, pressing my head back and looking up at him, making sure he is here, that he isn't going to tear away from me.
"I'm not going anywhere," he whispers, his lips finding my ear lobe before he kisses my neck, slowly peppering my skin with his lips. His thumb slips under my bra, brushing over my sensitive skin, and I shiver under his touch, my eyes closing as I
gasp.
eas
His weight shifts and his body moves from me as he goes up on his knees and reaches down, tugging my shirt up. I arch my back, giving him the wiggle room as he pulls it up over my head. Merikh bites his lip, his green eyes flickering with hints of black as he drinks me in and as if moving in slow motion he reaches for his shirt and shucks it off in one fell swoop.
His hands fan out over my stomach, feeling my skin as he moves them up, and then he lifts the base of my bralette and shimmies it up over my head. He twists it tight, capturing my wrists as my eyes grow wide in shock and he presses them into the bed above my head.
"Better than I could have ever imagined." He groans. His words make me feel sexy and wanted for the first time in my life, and I smile, happy to have pleased him.
Then he leans down, his mouth at my throat as me nips and kisses down to my collarbone before moving to my right breast. He captures me in pleasure with his warm mouth, drawing out a moan while his other hand holds my arms still. He moves his legs one at a time between my thighs without so much as a releasing me from his glorious onslaught of torture to my body
"Marikh," I whine, needing something more, anything more than this..
He chuckles, releasing me and moving to my other breast again, making me whimper as I roll my hips, looking for him. F need the friction to satiate the burning growing between my legs where I know I need him. Too many times he has started something and then pulled away and that fear is heavy in my stomach,
"Mmm?" he hums, the vibration from his voice making my mouth fall open with a needy cry for more.
"I want to touch you." I murmur, my eyes closed, my body shivering with need.
I have to feel his chest, his stomach, his back as it flexes while he explores me. I want to explore him. Hell, I need to learn. every sound I can elicit from him. He moves from my body, his lips finding mine as he presses down on me, untwisting my bralette from my hands and like a magnet I find his bare back, my hands running along him committing to memory every groove of muscle, every dip where he flexes and strains to hold himself back
This is my first time. My first make-out session, first time anyone has touched me like this and if I have my way, my first.. everything. I slip my hands down his back, dragging them around to the front of his pants. My fingers shake, trying to undo his belt buckle, and he reaches down stopping me.
"Colette..." His voice is a warning and a question, daring me to keep going, telling me exactly what will happen if I don't stop. There is a glint of danger in his eyes, a feral side of him I want to see...no need to experience, and I want it now.
1 shirk, tilting my head to the side as I use my free hand to grip his and remove it from my other. Then, without breaking eye contact. I undo his belt buckle and slide it out, tossing it to the side. His lips twitch, a flurry of excitement taking over his reservations, and he returns the favor, reaching down and sliding the yoga pants down and under my ass before he moves off of me and takes them with him. Chapter 33
Once again, his eyes scan me as he sighs, content. His deft hands finish what I had started, unbuttoning his pants as he watches me with a glimmer. He slides them down his legs and 1 bite back a moan when he stands, completely nude before me. Old Colette would panic now. She would hide away and close her eyes. But not the new me. Not Luna Letty.
Instead, I push myself up, inching to the edge of the bed where he stands, and I take hold of him as he shivers in my grip. Then I slide my hand down, quick and gently, before doing it again, faster and reach out, playing with my breast, twisting and pulling until he has me a meth a tighter grip. His fingers twitch as they
in his grip.
I let go of him, inching backward, my eyes flickering between his eyes and the part of him 1 am both nervous and excited for. He licks his lips like he is chasing down his prey as he crawls onto the bed, pressing my knees a part as he stares down and groans.
"I couldn't have dreamed up a more beautiful sight, my little luna." He growls. My heart soars at the knowledge he has dreamed of this moment like I have. Merikh then leans over me, his hand coming to my throat, making my heart race and my mind run all sorts of places from panic to need.
Then he drags it down, stopping between my legs as he presses his lips to mine, Merikh rubs his finger over me and my nerve endings explode, my mouth falling open in surprise as he chuckles and does it again. My body jolts in delight as I roll against him, seeking more, needing more.
"I want you," I whisper. "I'm ready"
He tuts, shaking his head.
"Not yet. I don't want to hurt you. I have done so much of that already." he presses his lips to mine, his fingers moving in a pattern, more regularly.
He consumes my moans as I buck and writhe against him, looking for more as my body craves something while simultaneously feeling like I can't handle a single moment more. Then a finger enters me and I cease breathing. His thumb circles the outside while he gently removes his finger, only to plunge it in again and again.
Pleasure mounts and I can no longer even remember how to kiss him back as my head presses into the mattress, my breathing erratic and breathy,
"Shit. Merikh. P-p-please.I am ready."
He gently removes his hand, rising onto his knees with a pleased grin on his lips. Then he grips my hips and drags my ass flush to him. When he leans down, his full erection presses against my swollen and throbbing middle, and I can feel his blood pulsing through it. He is just as turned on and needy as I am.
He settles back a little, moving over me and lining us up as he presses his elbows to the side of me and kisses my lips. When he pulls back, his eyes meet mine and I feel him pressing at my entrance. I thrust my hips, unable to wait a second longer, and gasp as he glides in. He groans, his mouth finding mine as he presses in slowly.
There is a slight sting, and I wince as he tears away from my lips, worry dotting his brow. My hands fly out in a panic, fearing he will stop.
"No, no, no! I am fine." I rasp out.
He presses in deeper and my eyes close, relishing every second, trying to be sure I remember this moment. Once I feel his pelvis pressed to mine, he waits for a moment, then he draws back and slowly he does it again.
Each time, his movements are faster, a little harder, and I roll my hips, meeting his every thrust. He grunts, his mouth finding me as I rub my sensitive parts against him every time he pushes in fully
The fire builds, my eyes growing starry as I stutter in my breathing. My body feels like it is spiraling out of control as I dig my nails into his back, need him closer, needing something more. He pulls back, his hips still driving into me as he looks down at me, captivating me and making it impossible to look away from him.
He reaches down between us, using his thumb as he rubs over my little nub and I explode. My hands and feet tingle, my body convulsing against him as warmth fills me from within and I cry out. He rubs me, making me feel everything with more intensity as my vision dots
2/3

Chapter
"Merikh," I gasp. As my body finally calms down, he stops, reaching down and lifting me onto him. He doesn't pull out of me, instead he holds me close, him on his knees and me straddling him as he comes down from his moment too
He peppers me with kisses, along my neck, across my shoulder and down again to my breast, suckling on them for a moment as my head rolls back, riding the little waves of pleasure before the exhaustion settles in. Then he grips my legs, keeping me where I am as he crawls to the edge of the bed and carries me to the bathroom.
I watch in awe as He places me on the counter, grabbing a towel as he cleans me up, then himself.
"I'm going to draw us a bath," he says, turning on the water and pouring in a concoction of items before he scoops me up and settles into the bath with my back pressed against his chest.
do I need a bath?" I ask, my head falling to his shoulder, my eyes grow heavy.
"You are going to be sore otherwise. He whispers into my car..
"Mmm, Merikh?" I ask him, trying like hell to stay awake.
"Yeah?"
"Why didn't you mark me?" I ask, feeling a little disheartened that he didn't think to mark me. I feel his body tense and he releases a heavy sigh.
"Shhh, rest," he murmurs. "We can talk about that when you wake up
It may
be the exhaustion speaking, but it feels like he is trying to avoid the subject. Instead. I choose to relish this moment. We can dissect his reasoning another day, I suppose.
SEND GIFT
###Chapter 34
Chapter 34
"Merikh?
The sun has been up for a few hours, gently creeping through the window as the soft breeze brushes the curtains aside. Ordinarily I wouldn't sleep with a window open, not after what happened with Colette and the dream weavers, but this is a magic free zone.
No one, not even the assholes who are lurking behind these mansion walls, can use magic without being detected. Caspian himself will have to log his magic use from last night.
Colette stirs, a sweet groan passing her plush lips as her hands glide up the satin sheets above her head as she stretches. The sage fabric slips down, exposing her supple breast and my lycan pants, begging for more of her.
He is raging about not having marked her when we had the chance. But no matter how much he tries to force that I refuse to mark her. Not until she knows everything.
I have fucked up in every way when it comes to this stunning woman, and I want her to know exactly who and what she is getting when she agrees to my mark. Yes, she is stuck with me. But I have taken every option from her and the guilt is eating me alive more than my need to show the world she is mine and initiate that final step in our relationship. One that is rocky at best half the time.
Her head turns to me, her eyes blinking away the sleepiness as the sun filters in, landing on her exposed chest, and I grin at her. With steady hands, I reach out, stroking her check, dragging my index finger along her jawline and down her throat.
1 pause at her collarbone, making eye contact as she arches her back up toward my touch and nibbles on her lip. She is asking for more. Looking for that touch as she reaches for the blanket. My stomach flops and I reach down to stop her from covering herself.
"Don't hide from me." I whisper as I slide down the bed, my hand brushing over her flesh and making her shiver. "Don't you ever hide from me
"I'm not the one who is always hiding," she murmurs, her eyes closing and her words breathy as I move closer, pressing my nose to her neck and kiss her soft skin. She makes a very solid point.
She is always the one trying, chasing, and waiting for me. But if she knew what I knew, if she knew just how well I know her. would she finally pull away? Would that be the last straw for her? Or would she remain constant, patient and waiting like she always has with me?
I cover her breast with my hand, kneading her gently, before twisting and playing with her alert skin. Damn, she feels perfect in my hands, my arms...every way. She gasps and my mouth finds hers like a magnet snapping into place.
I swallow her sexy little noises, feeding off of them as they fuel the throbbing erection pressing into her side. She reaches up, her arms snaking under my arms and up my back as she tugs at me, leading me over her. Then she spreads her legs with no prompting, and I grin against her lips. Colette is just as needy as I am, just as addicted.
Her nails dig into my flesh, making me groan as I seule between her legs, hovering just mere centimeters away. I can feel the heat of her, the way she is already beyond ready for me as I press my hips down, hissing at the feel of her as she whimpers in delight
I roll my hips, her hands sliding down my back and gripping onto my ass as she meets my movements with her own, just as someone knocks on the door. Colette freezes, her eyes going wide as she tears from my lips and looks over as if someone is going to come in.
The knock sounds again, and she furrows her brow, looking up at me, lost for what to do. So I glide out and back in, making her worried eyes roll back as she gasps. The knock sounds again, this time angrier, more frantic, but I'm too lost in my luna to give a rat's ass about what the hell is happening
"Alpha." Percy calls out in such a way I stop mid thrust and snap my eyes to the door. Colette pushes up onto her elbows, her eyes following mine.
1/4
Chapter 34
"Something is wrong" She whispers.
"Shit." I grumble, swooping down and pressing a chaste kiss to her lips. "Get dressed."
I jump up
from her, hating leaving the warmth of her arms and the softness of her body as I slip on a pair of boxer briefs and the first pants I can find. Colette grabs a handful of clothing, her hands shaking as she rushes to the bathroom.
"What is it. Perc?" I ask, yanking the door open and catching my bloodied gamma
"I'm not healing." He says, looking up at me through a swollen bloody eye. His arm is tucked over his stomach as he stumbles into me, trying to remain upright but failing as I catch him.
"Holy shit. What the fuck happened?" I ask, dragging him into the room and laying him on the couch.
"I think someone poisoned me," he says, his breathing labored.
"And beat you?" I ask, furrowing my brow
"They beat me up?" he asks, sounding shocked before his eyes rolling to the back of his head. I slap his cheek gently, trying to keep him conscious.
"Stay with me, Percy. Come on." I whisper, looking around for something, anything to help, with what I have no fucking clue. "Colette!"
The bathroom door flies open, Colette appearing as she yanks a shirt over her head and sprints across the room to me. Her
goes white as she looks down at her gamma and friend, then up at me.
face
"What the hell happened?" She asks me
"I don't know. He says he isn't healing. That he was poisoned?"
"Luna Letty," Percy says in a sigh of relief. "You are safe"
"Of course I am," she whispers, reaching out to take his black and blue hand. "How could I not be when I have you as a shadow?
He tries to smile, but it makes him wince.
"I need you to tell me what happened. Do you think you can do that?" I ask him, and he winces as he tries to swallow.
"Can try," he murmurs, his words growing slurred. Shit. I don't know what the fuck to do, who the fuck I can go to with this, There isn't a single fucking person here I trust.
"I will go get someone to help. Colette says, turning toward the door. I catch her wrist, unable to let her go. With Percy down, she has no one to be with her when I am not around. There is no one protecting her. She can not leave my sight or Percy's. Not now, not until I have backup.
"You stay. I will be back in two minutes. Do not open the door for and she furrows her brow but nods.
anyone Do you
understand me?" I give her a grave look
"Of course," she whispers. I move to walk away, but she touches my back and when I look back at her, she has tears in her eyes before she jumps into my arms and presses a kiss to my lips. "Please be safe and fast." She whispers, stepping back.
I give her a nod, my heart pounding as 1 exit the door and move down the hall. When I turn the corner, 1 someone bent down, looking at droplets of blood on the floor before looking up at me. Brent stands, taking two steps closer, taking in my topless state and, I'm sure, disheveled hair.
"Who is injured?" he asks, and it feels almost genuine. If I didn't know the wizard, I would think he actually cared,
"None of your fucking business." I growl, trying to move around him.
Chapter 34
"If someone was injured while here, it's everyone's business." He grits out. I sigh heavily, needing to find Caspian. I need his healers or to alert him to what happened on his watch. Then it hits me...Caspian was the last one with Percy last night. And he slipped up with his magic, angry with my people. He is the only person who could do something like this and get away
with it.
"Someone attacked my gamma." I tell Brent and his eyes widen
"Attacked?" he asks, shocked. "How?"
"I don't know, but I need to find a healer to help him. His healing is not working
"Take me to him." Brent says, pushing past me.
"I don't trust you." I scoff and he heaves a heavy sigh
"Look, I am well aware you have no reason to trust anyone here, but I am the best healer in this fucking mansion and you know it I swear on my child's life 1 only want to help.
I chew on the inside of my cheeks, trying
ng to decide what to do. If I trust him and I realize this isn't a trust issue, this is a saving my gamma issue.
"Fine I grit out, moving around him and leading him back to the room. I push the door open to see Colette trying to wake Percy up with panic in her eyes.
"Colette, come with me. Brent, if you let him die I will come for your fucking coven and I Think you know well enough that I will not hesitate
space, we are enemies, but here we can be cordial, can't
He frowns. "I know what your kind call you, Merikh. Outside of this spac well
"Let's hope for your sake we can." I growl, rushing out the door, Colette struggling to keep up.
"Merikh, where are we going?" She asks.
"To have a chat with Caspian." I tell her, my voice dripping in anger as we close in on his room after what feels like hours of walking. His door opens as we approach and he turns to look at us, shock on his brow before he crosses his arms over his chest.
"I was just coming to speak with you."
"What did you do to him?" I yell. He knots his brows together.
"What are you talking about?"
"You attacked my Gamma. Now his healing isn't working. He is in our room bleeding out."
"I didn't do shit to your gamma." He retorts.
"Then prove it." Colette says with a glare. "Prove it wasn't you, fix him or call a meeting to figure it out."
"I don't owe your kind shit," he hisses, then tilts his head. "But, if you will show me your proof that you saved my daughter right now, no strings attached...I might be more willing to help you
My stomach tightens, my eyes sliding to Colette who looks at me, waiting for me to decide what to do, to support me in any decision I make. I reach out, gently tugging her to my chest as I stroke her cheek, pushing the hair out of her face before I press my forehead to hers for a moment, trying to extend this moment.
"No matter what happens next, know that I truly do love you." I whisper. She pulls back, looking up at me, confused.
"I don't understand," she whispers. Then I cup her cheeks and press a kiss to the tip of her nose.
Chapter 31
"She has been right here the whole time." I say, not daring to look away from her as realization dawns on her face.
SEND GIFT
###Chapter 35
Chapter 35
"Colette
Blood drains from my face, my hands instantly going cold as I lick my lips and try to form any coherent words possible, but nothing comes out. I shake my head, fighting the tears as they beg for release. This can't be happening. Not now, not after I just gave him every part of me. Merikh is lying to me or he is lying to Capsian and I can't see well enough through my blurry eyes to tell which is it.
"Is this a Joke?" I hear Caspian ask, anger and pain lacing his voice as it breaks.
clear an
"No." Merikh's voice is clear and resolute..
My knees go weak, my hand flying to my chest, clutching at my shirt, looking for reprieve, hoping it will let oxygen in as I try to suck in air in huge gulps. Warm hands cup my cheeks, smoothing hair from my face as his voice echoes in the background and I slump to my knees.
"Letty, I need you to focus," his voice is firm and full of concern. "Focus on my voice."
My hands fly up, finding his wrists, yanking them away from my face as I turn away from him.
"I don't want to hear your voice." I hiss at him.
"I needed to protect you," He tries to tell me as some sort of excuse, but if he had trusted me, if he had given me the fucking time of day he would have known he could have told me anything. Including this, I force myself up on shaky legs, wiping at the tears that seem to escape despite me telling them to stay.
There is no slowing down my heart rate as I glare into Merikh's eyes. Guilt and remorse swim in his perfect green orbs and I know there is no lie there. It feels like a one thousand pound weight is crushing my chest as I try to gasp for air. Never have I ever felt so helpless, so lost in my entire life.
"She is my daughter? You are sure? Caspian whispers, hopeful. I turn to look at him, the tears flowing free when I see the glimmer of tears in his own eyes. My hurt morphs into rage. What asshole leaves his daughter, lets his mate die?
"You are not my father." I hiss, taking a step away from him as well.
"He is." Merikh says softly. I shoot him a glare, my chest heaving.
"I don't believe you.." It feels like I am being pulled between two forces, my body being torn into two, my heart rivaling my soul and there is no stopping this agony.
"We will talk about this later, Colette. Right now I need a healer in our room to take care of my gamma who needs immediate care. Brent is currently there taking care of him, and I am not comfortable with this situation.
"Yes, of course." Caspian says, not saying anything else as he lifts his hand and snaps. Someone shuffles to him and he whispers in their ear, receiving a bow and the man rushes off. Motioning for others to follow him.
"We should go see him," Merikh says, reaching out for my hand. I slap it away, taking a step back from him, Wech
"I don't want to be near you." I growl, and he frowns, but seems to accept my choice.
"Then I will leave you with your fath-erm, I mean with Caspian." he looks at the King of Sirens and then back at me, a solemn look on his face. "I know you have no desire to forgive me, I understand that, but you are still my luna."
I watch as he disappears, both needing his arms around me and simultaneously hating the idea of him ever touching me again. If what he is saying is true, if Caspian is my real father, he has taken a potentially beautiful reunion and shattered it with deceit and trickery. Does Merikh truly care about me, or was I his pawn all along?
Even last night, our beautiful moment I couldn't wait to share with him is called into question. Was he hoping that by screwing me, I would cling to him and not be angry? Or did he care about my feelings in all of this at all? I want to think
盘
Chapter 33
about Percy, to be with him, but being near Merikh makes me feel physically ill.
Caspian's face appears before mine and I blink away the tears as he reaches out, looking for me to take his hand. I scowl at him, crossing my arms over my chest instead, and he frowns before he nods in understanding. A frown tugs at the corner of his lips. Then he sighs heavily, striding away from me before turning back around.
"Do you remember me?" He asks hopefully, and I shake my head now, my brows pulling together as I try to recall anything
about him.
"No." I tell him honestly. "Truthfully, all I have of my mother are dreams I thought were nightmares. Always her leaving me as I chase her through a marsh area, only to be abandoned and never see her again." "She left you?" he asks, his brows rising like the action surprises him.
"Yes" I say before sighing heavily. "At least I think she did. I don't remember much past being new in the pack where I grew up since I was ten
He looks away in thought.
"Uh, what pack did you grow up in?" he asks, like he may know it. Strange coming from a siren who should know nothing about the werewolf world other than he knocked up a she-wolf and created me, supposedly.
"Black Mountain Pack." I mutter, and his eyes snap to mine. He seems to stand a little straighter as he licks his lips and swallows hard.
"Black Mountain pack." He whispers. "With Alpha Bentley,"
"Uh yes." I murmur, surprised that he knows his name. "How did you know?"
at
He clears his throat, looking away for a minute, before looking back, a tear slipping down his cheek.
"He is your uncle." He says, looking me in the eye. A bubble of laughter burst from my lips, my chest loosening with the action as I laugh at the absurdity.
"No, Alpha Bentley was my alpha. I served his daughter as a maid and they treated me like absolute garbage. He is not my uncle."
His face falls, anger creeping back into his demeanor as he shuffles to his other foot.
"He treated you like a maid?" He grits out and I watch him like he is a little unhinged.
"Yes. But I mean, I am a maid, well, was." I tell him and he looks away, his jaw muscles rippling with effort as he clenches his
teeth.
"You are a Princess." He growls. “And an alpha blood werewolf. You are no maid, even if he forced you to do maid-ly things. You are royalty."
"I am not." I scoff. "You don't even know you have the right person. You are just going to take his word for it?"
"I can see so much of her in you." He whispers. Reaching out to touch my face, I lean away. "And my family as well. Do you have any powers?" He asks.
"Powers?" I scoff. "Until recently, I hardly had a wolf that would show up because I was so weak."
He nods. "That makes sense. Your pack is nowhere near water. When you were little, you were so sick, just a tiny little thing your mother had to be near water for you to thrive. How you must have suffered being so far from water for so long."
I blink at him. His words striking something in me, something that feels like truth. A part of me that doesn't understand how he could know that innermost thought.
"How..." I squeak out the question, not sure how to form the full sentence.
2/3
Chapter 25
"You said it yourself, Colette. Water feels like home."
"That could all just be coincidence." I whisper, too afraid to hope for anything good in my life. The last thing amazing I had blew up in my face mere minutes ago. "Lots of people think water is relaxing and calm."
"I could tell you felt it differently." He says, "I could see it in your eyes. It's why I thought you were catering to my good side, trying to wiggle your way onto the committee."
"But you said it yourself, your daughter died."
"I was wrong." He answers, looking hopeful.
or now." I swallow.
"I think you are wrong now,
"He's not." I hear Merikh behind me and my hairs prickle with his closeness. I hate him. Deep in my being. I can feel that anger rising again and I spin to glare at him.
"I want answers." I glare and he nods.
"I suppose you both deserve them. But this is not the place." Merikh looks around like he is trying to find a spy. "There is no
one here we can trust
"You can say that again." I snort. Merikh frowns.
"He is right." My supposed father says, suddenly looking nervous. "Your mere existence is a threat to all species. If they find out what you are, they will kill you, my pearl."
I blink at my father, his pet name echoing through my ears, speaking to my inner child, and I realize I have heard that name before. Been called it many times. Could he really be my father? Am I really a hybrid one so feared by the council that they tried to have me killed? I inhale sharply, then clear my throat.
"Fine. But I want every question I have answered. No holding back. I deserve the truth, or I will leave."
色
SEND GIFT
0
COMMENT
###Chapter 36
Chapter 36
Merikh tugs shut the large bay window's curtains, looking around outside as before he turns to look at me. Caspian has all the lights on in his immense office of silver colors and various shades of blue swirling along the walls like shimmering waves of the sea.
It even has a salty smell, one that reminds me of a fresh warm breeze kicking up sand as you walk along the beach. It's annoyingly comforting while I try to remain angry and disagreeable.
"How is Percy?" I ask, looking at the ground, playing with the fabric on the armchair from where I stand behind
1. it.
"He is healing now." Merikh says, but I still ignore his presence.
"Brent has removed the spells that ban the use of powers for your kind, so you can contact him through the mind link if you are worried." Caspian says. His voice is soft, like he is trying to please me, to win me over. It only
irritates me further.
-Perc? I call out to him through the mind link.
-Yes, Luna?-
-How are you feeling? Are you finally healing or do you at least have some relief and know what happened?—
My memory is foggy. But I have agreed to allow Brent to help me clear it once I am a little more healed.-
-Rest, okay? I need my shadow backup and in order-I tease and smile to myself.
-I've called for backup. Hayes is on his way with Penny-he tells me and I furrow my brows, finally sliding a glance at Merikh. I want to be mad at him for not telling me they are coming, but it's hard to reason with the logic that he hasn't been alone with me long enough to tell me anything.
-I will come visit you after this meeting- I tell him then I shut down the mind link, clearing my throat as I square my shoulders and push my hair over my shoulders.
No more cowering or hiding my emotions. And no more damn tears. I am a luna and I will get my answers and from there I will take my emotions back to my room and feel them without anyone else having to see it.
1/5
Chapter 36
There will be no more pity or sympathy or people thinking I am weak because I am experiencing or feeling things. I am a Luna, the damn queen. It's time I act like one.
"How did you meet my mother?" I ask Caspian, catching him off guard as he clears his throat and drops into his
seat.
"She was running away from her pack." He whispers, reaching for a leather strand on his desk and toying with it. "Your grandfather was tired of waiting for her to find her mate, so he arranged a marriage to another alpha. Obviously Melody wasn't too keen on that."
My heart pinches when I hear her name. Those tears I swore I would hide away trying to creep up, but I push them down. Melody. My mom's name was Melody.
"Did she stay with you, then?" I ask him and he chuckles.
"She wanted to. For as to live together but to live together, with what we are...it was hard. I have an entire underwater world to rule and even with my royal blood, I can only remain out of the water for so long. And she is. a werewolf. Water is not all that easy to breathe in for your kind." Then he pauses, looking at me curiously.
"What?" I ask, my cheek heating under his assessing gaze,
"I am curious about what you can do. If anything." He whispers. "Do you only have a wolf? Can you breathe underwater, manipulate water? Control it with your emotions?"
"She can draw people to her with songs." Merikh says, breaking in.
"I can?" I ask, my brows rising.
"Yes."
"Explain..." Caspian says, leaning forward in his chair.
"Bentley refused to let her sing, always telling her she couldn't carry a tune. That her singing was so awful it hurt people's ears."
"He knew..." I whisper, my face heating in anger.
*She called me to her with her song." Merikh says, sliding his eyes to me as my mouth falls open.
2/5
Chapter 36
"I what?"
"In the healing waters, you called me."
I blink at him, shocked. The memory floods back to me when I was in the healing waters, letting the water calm me as I sang the song I remembered from my childhood.
The way Merikh appeared out of nowhere in a trance and like he couldn't stay away from me. It was like he needed me, had to have me. My chest tightens as I stare at him, realizing that it hadn't been him wanting me, but whatever weird powers I have and used through my song.
"I-i-" I stutter, trying to swallow the sting of knowing I had tricked him into coming to me. That what I remember as being the beginning of something big between us was something I forced on him.
"A siren's song?" Caspian asks, a smile breaking his lips as he watches me with pride. "That is a special gift, though it is generally a song of death,"
"It was a song mom used to sing, I think. One about a mate, and calling him home." I whisper, afraid to look at Merikh, even though I feel the pull to do so. It's as if I can sense his intense gaze, feel it like he is trying to see my innermost thoughts.
"Can you sing it?" Caspian asks, his voice soft and full of emotion. I look up at him and then at Merikh hating the thought of him touching me right now, knowing that singing it will only draw him closer. "No." I rush out, making the decision to never again sing that song. "I have no desire to call my mate. Sorry."
"Don't be," Caspian says, giving me a gentle smile. "This is a lot to take in. You meeting a father you never had. the chance to mourn or know, and me seeing the daughter I thought I lost." I tilt my head.
"I thought you said hybrids like me couldn't exist. That my death was necessary."
"It was not my order that led to your mother's death or your discovery. I tried to hide you. Coming back to you. and your mother every few months."
I frown, not fully believing him. "How did you find out we were supposedly dead?" I ask.
"Our little cabin was burned. Nothing left. Just the necklace I made you with your mother and this-" he holds up
3/5
Chapter 36
the small thin scrap of worn out leather in his hand. "The remnants of the last thing I gave her!
"But you did nothing..." I furrow my brow. "You didn't try to find who supposedly killed us, or go to the
council..."
"I know who did it, which is why I refuse to ever let them on the council again, and your mere existence is at threat to the council. It would be telling them I broke our most coveted rule. I would have been kicke from the
council, disgraced."
"Oh my, that sounds so awful for you. Almost as bad as being hunted and killed." I say, scowling at him as my stomach twists in painful knots. "You hid. You are a coward who just accepted our death without trying to find out who the REAL culprit was. It's so easy to just blame the werewolves. Which your mate was. Were you actually
sad or relieved?"
"Losing you both broke me," he growls, throwing his chair back as he stands abruptly and leans over his desk toward me. "You have no idea what it is to mourn the loss of a love you never knew you could feel and a child that meant everything to you. Knowing I failed, you both nearly killed me."
"Nearly hardly seems like enough." I hiss, scowling at him.
Finding my father is one thing, knowing he overlooked things for fear of persecution because of what I am? It's heart shattering. He couldn't accept me fully when I was around for him to love. What do I expect him to do now?
My body tingles, my wolf growing angrier by the second as my emotions run over me, only feeding the pain and hurt that I have kept under wraps for years. Warm arms wrap around me as I sneer at the man supposed to be my father. His eyes looking around me, awe in them, before looking back at me.
"You need to calm down," Merikh whispers in my ear, the warmth of his breath fanning over my skin and making
me shudder.
"I don't want to give into his embrace to let him hold me and calm me the way he is but I suddenly feel drained, like my essence is leaking from me one drip at a time and I feel lightheaded, my eyes fluttering closed for a moment before I force them back open.
"What did you do to me?" I ask, looking over my shoulder at Merikh who scans my face with worry in his beautiful green eyes. Then I look past him, watching the water in the air floating above a vase and the water aquarium as it warbles and the fish all line the glass, every one of them looking out like they are waiting for a
command.
4/5
Chapter 36
"You are draining yourself." He whispers softly. "You need to relax."
"Says the assholes who lied to me." I mumble, taking his advice anyway as I allow myself to focus on something different. I have a family. Like him or not, respect him or not, I'm not entirely alone in this world and he can give me answers about my mom. If I can keep my cool long enough to get his answers.
5/5
###Chapter 37
Chapter 37
*Merikh*
Colette paces our bedroom floor, back and forth and back again, her hands in her hair and her lips moving as she wordlessly speaks to herself. After realizing she can manipulate water, she ran.
She claimed she needed space and perhaps she did, but maybe it was her father's proud look or my hovering over her that made her feel like she was suffocating instead. No matter what the cause, I chased her.
It took some convincing for her to let me in the room, but when she did, I nearly crumbled at the look on her face. My Luna is falling apart and I'm the reason for it.
It is my selfishness over and over again that has pushed her to her breaking point and now I have to witness the aftermath. This is my punishment, witnessing the havoc of my choices. Even if I have combined myself, it was all
for our kind
"Colette," I call to her softly, trying to get her to look at me. To just acknowledge I am here and she isn't alone in
this.
I
Even though I was the idiot who placed this barrier between us. I can't help but go back and forth on what I did and the ways I could have done it all differently. I used her and I know it, but in the process, I fell for her and the lies became my way of protecting myself. It is clear to me now; she is the one who needed protecting from me,
not the other way around.
"How long have you known?" She asks, coming to a stop, her eyes wild. Then she points to the couch where Percy sleeps with a soft snore. "Did he know?"
"No, Percy did not know." I frown, "But I have known since before I ever met you."
Her eyes well and she bites her lip, refusing to let the sob I can see coming out.
"You didn't come to my pack for Leslie...did you?" She whispers.
My eyes fill with tears as she breaks down every moment from the second she ever laid eyes on me. I know what is coming, what questions she will ask and all the answers I will give that she will doubt in every way. I feel defeated, fucking beat down as my heart rails against my aching chest, just wanting to be in her arms.
1/4
Chapter 37
"Merikh
5
Colette paces our bedroom floor, back and forth and back again, her hands in her hair and her lips moving as she wordlessly speaks to herself. After realizing she can manipulate water, she ran.
She claimed she needed space and perhaps she did, but maybe it was her father's proud look or my hovering over her that made her feel like she was suffocating instead. No matter what the cause, I chased her.
It took some convincing for her to let me in the room, but when she did, I nearly crumbled at the look on her face. My Luna is falling apart and I'm the reason for it.
It is my selfishness over and over again that has pushed her to her breaking point and now I have to witness the aftermath. This is my punishment, witnessing the havoc of my choices. Even if I have combined myself, it was all for our kind
"Colette," I call to her softly, trying to get her to look at me. To just acknowledge I am here and she isn't alone in this.
Even though I was the idiot who placed this barrier between us. I can't help but go back and forth on what I did and the ways I could have done it all differently. I used her and I know it, but in the process, I fell for her and the lies became my way of protecting myself. It is clear to me now; she is the one who needed protecting from me, not the other way around.
"How long have you known?" She asks, coming to a stop, her eyes wild. Then she points to the couch where Percy sleeps with a soft snore. "Did he know?"
"No, Percy did not know." I frown, "But I have known since before I ever met you."
Her eyes well and she bites her lip, refusing to let the sob I can see coming out.
"You didn't come to my pack for Leslie...did you?" She whispers.
My eyes fill with tears as she breaks down every moment from the second she ever laid eyes on me. I know what
is coming, what questions she will ask and all the answers I will give that she will doubt in every way. I feel defeated, fucking beat down as my heart rails against my aching chest, just wanting to be in her
arms.
1/4
Chapter 37
"I did not." I clear my throat and shake my head slightly from side to side before I look at her. Her red, swollen gaze is trained on me. "I came for you. Leslie was a way to get close."
"But you knew who I was before you met me..." she asks, rogue tears breaking free as she swipes it away and crosses her arms. Her leg rocks from side to side, a movement done to distract herself. "Yes." I nod. "I have spies in every pack."
"You knew...how I was being treated." She whispers, pain in her eyes. "You knew...and you let me suffer?"
+5
"No," I jump up, hands outstretched. I want to touch her, shit I crave the honor to wipe the very tears from her cheeks that my actions placed there. But I know better than to think she would let me touch her. "In the recent months leading up to coming, that is when I learned what you were in the pack, I had thought it was a rouse. To keep you inconspicuous."
"You are the lycan king. You could have come and demanded me. Why the show?" She asks, incredulous. "I don't understand why you had to force me to being your Luna. Why, you had to trick me into thinking I could be anything other than what I am. You could have asked me to do anything with the promise of freedom from what my life was.."
"Colette, you are my mate. You are meant to be at my side, meant to be the Luna.”
She scoffs, rolling her eyes.
"And I'm a hybrid that shouldn't even exist. One you could use to get what you wanted, lets not pretend you cared anything for me or my feelings." She bites back at me.
"You were born to be my luna." I tell her more adamantly and she shakes her head. "I was never going to go through with my mating to Leslie. The plan was to take you. But the moment I knew what you were to me, I panicked and all I could think about was making sure that you can't run from me."
"You took away my options." She yells. "You realized what I was, and you knew what I am worth and you were worried I would freak out, so you trapped me. Admit it.“.
"I love you." I growl. "Damn, Colette. I fucking fell for you with in days. It wasn't because of the bond, and I didn't realize that until I forced the oath. I have wanted to tell you everything. I have fucked up in every way possible except for falling for you. And for that, I won't apologize."
She falls silent, looking out the window, her lungs rising and falling as if she had been running for hours.
2/4
Chapter 37
5
"I think I hate you. I really..." She pauses, looking at me, her tears flow freely as she holds her chest and gasps for air like it is being sucked from her. "Damn it, I want to hate you with every fiber of my being, but...but I can't."
"What..." I blink at her, shocked.
I was ready for a breakdown, a come to the Goddess moment. But this. This brokenness while admitting despite it all, despite me and my actions...she can't hate me. It's enough to give me hope where hope shouldn't have a place to even plant a seed, yet... it grows, winding through my gut, squeezing as it climbs through my chest and lodges in my throat, keeping me from saying anything further.
"I want to," Her voice breaks, and she shakes her head. "But when I hurt, I want to be near you. When I am scared, I want you to hold me. Damn it, Merikh. Damn you and your stupid trust issues and telling me you love me and for making me fucking love you back."
"You still love me..." I rasp the words, my mouth dry. What is happening? She loves me?
"Of course I do, and I hate you for it." She hisses. "I hate that even when I want to run from you, I can't. I hate that
you keep pushing me away in the most selfish and painful ways possible."
"I am sorry," I tell her, taking a step closer. "I am so fucking sorry."
And damn it, do I mean it. My lycan is whimpering, begging for her forgiveness, for her to fuck fucking touch us,
yet fearing
it because I know I'll fall apart in her hands.
"It's not enough." She shakes her head. "It's not enough to say you are sorry. Not this time."
My hands shake, my lips dry as my tongue darts out to wet them, and I try again to move closer. I just need to touch her. To feel her skin, press her to my chest and inhale her. It feels worse than death waiting for her to speak, to send me away or to embrace me.
"I will do anything." the words tumble out as I drop to knees, my head bowed down. "Name your price, punish me for as long as you wish and need to."
I don't budge as I place the ball in her court. Never have I knelt before anyone, never have I begged for forgiveness. But then again, never have I loved someone and fucked it up. Lauren was different. Lauren broke me, so I destroyed her. Colette.... she saved me, in so many ways, and yet I served her a fate that to her is worse
than death.
"Merikh, stand up," she whispers, but I remain resolute. Her hands touch my cheeks and I gasp at the contact
3/4
Chapter 37
that feels like heaven. She lifts my chin so I am looking up at her and she frowns, though her tears are still running down her cheek. "Please," she sniffles, "You are the Lycan king, you shouldn't be on your knees begging."
0
Ours eyes connect and I reach around, clasping my hands together behind my back, settling in to kneel for as long as I need to.
"I am many things other than a Lycan King. I am a liar and a fool, but for you, my little Luna, for you, I am a beggar. I am where I always belonged."
"Where is that?" She asks, breathless.
"At your mercy,"
4/4
###Chapter 38
Chapter 38
*Colette
15
I stare at Merikh on his knees, my chest aching as I fight the urge to forgive him. Simple gestures and sweet words will not fix what he did. How he lied and used me like everyone else. There is too much to process, too much for me to even begin to know how to comprehend, for me to even take the time to consider forgiving him
is insane.
"I need space," I whisper, taking a small hesitant step back.
My wolf whines, not giving a shit about the emotional turmoil I am in. But she isn't in charge. I am and right now...right now I need water and space. I turn ou my heel, moving to the bathroom and turning on the water for the tub when I hear someone at the door. The low hum of deep voices piques my interest as I slide to the door, pressing my ear to the solid oak, hoping to catch a part of the conversation.
As werewolves, we are supposed to have excellent hearing. Me being me, and as sickly as I have always been, my hearing has always been very lack luster. Until now, that is. I smile to myself, pleased to find more things I can do now that I am...well...I guess now that I know who I am and what I can be capable of.
"What do you mean you don't know who attacked him?" Merikh hisses.
"Merikh, I assure you we are doing everything we can to get answers but..." Capsian pauses before he clears his throat. "We have a more pressing issue to discuss."
"What is more pressing than your security measures failing?"
"The reason for attacking your gamma," Caspian says firmly. There is a pause between them, tension rising as if they are both having a silent conversation, but I know what they are both thinking. I twist the doorknob, opening "the door and I step out, looking at both men.
"They are trying to get easier access to me." I finish for them both. Merikh looks at me, a storm of fury clouding his face as he moves to me.
"As long as I'm fucking here, there will be no easy access to you. Ever." His words are sweet and I believe every word, but I roll my eyes to show my anger, even if my heart skips a beat at his declaration. There is no way in hell I will let him off easy with just words and apologies.
1/5
Chapter 38
"Someone else knows what I am," I tell Capsian, whose eyebrows hit his hairline. He slides a glance at Merikh, who fights the urge to glare at me. Obviously, Merikh didn't want my father to know about that, so I take extra pleasure in telling him.
+5
"Who?" Caspian asks, his voice rising. Then he seems to think of something and he furrows his brows. "The red-eyed wolves that you mentioned... You believe the person controlling them is the one behind all of this?"
"We don't know who exactly," Merikh says, clearing his throat. "I just know someone here on the council wanted us to be here this year, and they are taunting us. They have been trying to get her nearly the whole time she has been with me."
"Fuck." Caspian paces away, his hands on his hips before he stops. "If someone knows...do they know she is mine? Do you think they know she is my daughter?"
I look at Merikh who sighs. "Truthfully, I dont know what they know. I just know they are after Colette. The first time I didn't think it was any different from the times other species have come after me for the hell of it. But then the dream weavers happened and...”
"And you realized just how fucking dumb you were," Caspian growls. "You taking her as your mate verified exactly how important she is. You placed a fucking target on her back."
"I know being a...hybrid...is not allowed, and it makes me rare, but what does keeping me do? Why not just kill. me if they know I am not allowed to exist?"
"There are a couple of reasons." Caspian sighs, pacing into the room and dropping into a chair. He leans forward like he is in deep thought and pressing his elbow into his knees.
"One being you are mated to a royal blood." Merikh says, dragging his hand down his face. "Illegal or not, you are protected by me, and all of our kind. You are our queen, and harming you means war."
The other being, you can be used to control two species now. Not just one. By choosing you as a mate, Merikh has placed not only his species in danger, but mine as well."
"I didn't choose her. She is my second chance, mate." Merikh hisses.
I watch him as he scowls at Caspian before his emerald eyes find mine, a gentle pleading hidden within them before he turns away.
"Are you truly mated?" Caspian asks. "I am well aware of what you said at the dinner table. But..."
2/5
Chapter 38
5
"We are not truly marked yet," Merikh admits and my cheeks turn pink. This is not the type of conversation I want to have with the man who helped create me. "Why?" he asks, flabbergasted, as he looks back and forth between the two of us.
"We have our own things we are sorting through." I mumble and he sighs.
"If you are found out...If it's revealed what you are, before you are back on the committee, then you are dead." Capsian admits, a quiver in his voice. "You must be officially mates in order-"
"We have time." Merikh says softly, his eyes locked on mine like he wants me to know that I don't have to rush into this, especially when I am angry with him.
"No." Caspian says, standing abruptly. "You absolutely do not have time. Do you really think anyone bought your
'my mark is somewhere special' bullshit?"
"Caspian..." I sigh,
"No. I am serious. You will fucking mark each other. Now.""
My mouth falls open and Merikh bites back a laugh as Caspian looks between us, annoyed.
"Marking...for lycans is different from werewolves." I say, swallowing roughly. My skin heated in embarrassment. No matter how new he is to being my father, the last thing I want to do is explain to him that he is demanding I
have sex with Merikh right here, right now.
"It can't possibly be that different." He scoffs, and I look away, avoiding any eye contact with both men.
"Clearly you weren't listening too closely at dinner the other night." I mutter and Merikh bites back a smile.
"Colette and I will figure out the details of our relationship in our own time, Caspian. But yes, I do agree it is important that we figure things out relatively soon."
"If you guys are going to mark each other tonight, please remember to put me outside the door." Percy's weak voice breaks into the conversation, and I rush over to him, pleased by the interruption. "Hey," I whisper, smiling at him, and he tries to reciprocate. "You hungry?" I ask him.
"No." He croaks out, trying to sit up..
3/5
Chapter 38
+5
"Woah. No way. Lay back down. What can I do? What do you need?" I ask him and Merikh comes over standing. behind me.
"Unless you want to help me to the bathroom, Luna, perhaps it's best you let me do this one on my own."
"Oh." I clear my throat, standing to move out of his way. We watch as he stumbles to the bathroom, using the wall and turning to give me a thumbs up before he pauses at the door and frowns at the ground. "I know I got the shit kicked out of me, but...did I suffer any brain damage?" he asks, looking at us, concerned.
"No... Why?"
"Because there is a shit tone of water all over the floor in here and I just needed to make sure I'm not crazy."
"Oh, shit." I rush tot he bathroom, peeking past him as guilt floods me like the water pouring over the bathtub's edge and onto the floor.
I got distracted by Caspian coming in. Then the water lifts, every drop riding from the tile and the sopping wet carpet at my feet. In a long clear line, floods down the sink and the tub is unplugged. Percy elbows me, his throat bobbing up and down.
"Y-you see that shit too...right?" He asks and I nod, biting back a laugh.
"Yeah, I see it," I mutter before looking over my shoulder at my father. He stands next to the bed, his hands in his pockets, looking entirely at ease. The only indication that this is him is the way his eyes seem to swirl with a vibrant blue. He shoots me a wink and a soft smile.
After he is done cleaning up my mess, I realize I haven't stopped staring at him. And he has returned the sentiment.
Train me." I finally say. He tilts his head, a little confused. "Train me how to manipulate it like you do."
"I wouldn't know how to train you. My kind just...knows how to do it. We are one with the water. It's not a gift, it's a part of us."
"Then teach me how to be one with it." I rush out. "If you want me safe, if you want to ensure no one can harm me, then guide me in this. Merikh has been training me too..."
He frowns before he nods in agreement.
4/5
5/5
###Chapter 39
Chapter 39
Merikh leans into me, his arm resting on the back of my chair as we listen to everyone on the committee speak.
Florence has looked my way a few times, smirking every time I catch her eyes.
I intentionally avoid looking in Johannes direction, not wanting to risk Merikh catching me looking at him of all people. Not that I am drawn to Johannes, but pretending he doesn't exist isn't all that easy in a room full of people I supposed to be respecting.
"Is there anything anyone else would like to bring up?" Caspian asks, looking around. He has pulled off the unimpressed king bit damn well today. Not once looking in our direction with the slightest interest. "Uh, yes..." Brent says, clearing his throat. "I don't mean to be a spoilsport, but I am curious why these two are allowed in meetings." He nods in our direction with an unimpressed frown on his face. "Oh great. Here we go again," everyone mutters, sighing in heavy annoyance.
"No, I am serious." He scoffs. "I don't mean to be rude or offensive, Merikh and Letty, but if we are sharing things, important things between our species, should we not be taking measures to ensure what is shared won't be used against us?"
I tilt my head, not really loving that I agree with him. But Brent makes a fair point, and it's not a decision intended to offend or be rude. It's logical that if we are the enemy, we shouldn't be privy to all information agreed upon in the meeting. He locks eyes with me, a curious glint as he seems to watch me closely.
I look up at Merikh, who stares around the table, his jaw clenched and his muscles tense. My fingers glide up his chest, along his soft neck and to turn him to look at me.
"Brent does make a fair point," I murmur to him and he frowns, glancing up before looking back and focusing on me. Then he sighs heavily and nods.
"My Luna feels that perhaps Brent has a point." He announces, and I can feel all eyes shift to me.
"Oh? Does he?" Caspian asks, his interest looking piqued as he seems to settle deeper into his chair, his deep blue eyes watching me closely.
"You are all so adamant to keep us from entering the council." I shrug. "Yet so willing to allow us audience and witness of what you discuss. Things that are of grave importance to your covens, your clans, your...whatever
1/6
Emergency calls
Chapter 39
they are to you. Which leaves the question...Why don't you care?"
"We aren't afraid of some little bitches and dogs. You are below us. In fact, your kind is better under us." Johannes chuckles and I turn my fiery gaze on him. He glares at me, but I remain resolute, not daring to blink as! make my point.
"I think you all know we will be back on the council sooner rather than later and there for speak openly." I say with a knowing smirk.
"Bullshit," Florence chuckles. "You would have to win over the majority, and most of us hate you."
"Yeah, that sounds like a stretch, young lady." The bearded guy from the first dinner says, leaning forward.
'T
"I don't think I have had the pleasure of learning your name yet," I say to him and he frowns at me before. sighing.
"My people call me Elm. I am from the Fae realm." He says, giving me a courteous nod.
"Mmm, and tell me, Elm, what do you have against the werewolves?" I ask him. "I am aware of why Caspian hates out kind and even why Johannes feels the way he does, even if he is the one who inserted himself and got his own chosen mate killed." Elm chuckles as Johannes snorts at my comment.
"Merikh, you have not filled her in on your bloodlines crimes?" He tuts before looking at me. "His ancestors were what your kind calls mates, with my sister. A young fae with a bright future ahead of her." "Your kind lives that long?" I ask, leaning forward, fascinated by his story and his kind. If this all supposedly happened over two hundred and fifty years ago, how long do the Fae live? Are they Immortal like the Vampires?
"Of course. Your species is the one that lives the shortest amount of time. We hardly have time to learn your name before you die off on us.'
?
"Can we be done with this meeting now?" Florence pouts while I focus on Elm, blocking out the others as they all get up and leave the table. *Where is your sister now?" I ask him and sadness falls over him. He downcast his eyes and sighs before looking up to meet mine. "She is dead." He whispers.
2/6
C
Dreame
INSTALL
Chapter 39
I don't know much about any species other than mine, but if Elm is still alive after two hundred and fifty years and still looks like he is in his mid thirties, his sister can't have died from old
age.
+5
"I am truly sorry for your loss." I tell him sincerely, offering him a sympathetic smile. "Losing someone you love is never easy. I lost my mother at a young age, and I know it is not the same. But I know what it is to lose someone you loved."
He watches me for a moment, then he places his palm on the wooden table. The grain morphs, moving as it vibrates, and then a small bud shoots out of the table before me. There is no holding back the astonished smile and happy gasp I let out as I gingerly touch the bud, admiring it.
"Her name was Magnolia." He whispers. "She took her life when she felt his presence leave the earth."
"She loved him even when she couldn't be with him..." I whisper, touched by the purity of her love.
"Mags loved different from everyone else. She was a lover of everyone and she felt this bond was a gift to her," he
says with a tear in his eye..
"Elm," I say with a soft smile. "Would you like to wander the garden with me?" I ask him.
He seems to snap from his daze, his tender openness dissipating as he looks around. I gently take the bud from the table where he created it, and place it behind my ear, giving him an understanding smile.
"What kind of flower is it?" I ask him and he swallows.
"Magnolia blossom."
"You know," I say, "When I was in the garden I swear I saw a tree that was lifeless. If I showed you the tree, do you think you could heal it? Is that something Fae can do?"
"Not all Fae, but I can, yes." He says, " pauses, looking at Merikh.
you wanted to show me the way, I would not be opposed. But..." He
"You wish for me to keep my distance?" Merikh asks as Elm frowns. "As you know, I will not leave her unattended
since our Gamma was brutally attacked on property."
"Ah, yes.” He nods. "I suppose you will want to keep her within arm's reach at all times. I can understand that."
"Shall we?" I offer and he sighs before nodding and motioning for me to show him the way.
3/6
The moment we hit the garden, I can sense his tension leaving his body. He smiles and reaches out, touching the green hedges and looking around at the stunning flowers and bright green leaves. "This way," I tell him, turning down a path to the left and he follows along, Merikh at a distance behind us.
"You can be frank." He tells me, "No need to keep up pretenses."
I laugh lightly and shake my head.
"I truly have no ulterior motives, Elm."
"You aren't going to try to sway my vote or get me to trust you?" he asks, his eyes narrowed like I am lying. I once again laugh, this time a little harder.
"I am hardly one to ask for trust when I can't trust a damn soul here, other than my own kind, that is." I smile at
I him and he seems to think about what I am saying. "And as for swaying your vote...what good is trying to change one vote in the face of what, nine, no's?"
"I think you could sway a few others," he says, chuckling. "Let's not pretend you aren't here to show a softer side to your off putting mate."
I glance over my shoulder, looking at the massive form that is Merikh, and bite back a smile. He definitely doesn't
scream 'let's be friends' to someone who doesn't know him. But underneath, though, he screws up regularly and has trust issues...he's pretty amazing.
I
"Truthfully, I didn't even know there were other species until very recently. I want to know you all, understand you and your stance on why my kind should be subject to being the toy of council members when they get
bored."
"Oh come now, no one here is like that."
"No? Not Johannes?" I ask. "Because from what I can tell, what he did is far worse than what our kind did, only difference is you all made it legal to prey on us but not allow us to protect ourselves."
"I play no part in keeping your species out. I abstain from voting now. Even if I don't like your kind, I believe we are all stringer together." He rushes out and I shrug.
"Elm, I am here to show you a tree that needs your touch." I smile. "We do not have to discuss these things."
4/6
Chapter 39
"Then what would you rather discuss?" he asks, and I grin.
"Well...tell me more about the fae. What are you all like? Do you all have such a way with nature like you?"
"Have you learned about any of the others yet?" He asks amused. I shrug.
"I know a little about the Sirens, and I've experienced some magic, not quite sure at whose hands it was." I shrug. He frowns.
"Someone used magic on you?" he asks, sounding disappointed.
"Unfortunately, not many people like my mate. Not that I can't, at times, understand the sentiment." I watch as Merikh's head snaps up, his eyes meeting mine with a glare and I send him a pretty little smile and a tiny hand wave. Just so he knows, I'm thinking about him..
"What kind of magic, do you know?" He asks and I shrug.
"Merikh called it dream weavers."
"Nasty stuff." He mumbles. Then he looks around and leans in. "I have an herbal remedy that can erase the things they have done. I will have it sent to your room."
"You really don't have to do that," I say, shocked, and he smiles genuinely.
"I can tell you are a decent person." He says, pointing over my shoulder. "Butterflies like sweetness, and they seem to follow you."
I can't help the blush that creeps up my cheek, and he rubs the back of his head.
"My queen would truly enjoy your presence. You are wise, playing this old man like a fiddle, but in a way that I can tell you mean no harm."
"Could she not make it?" I ask, feeling disappointed as well that I don't get to at least meet a female fae.
"Not this time." he smiles, but it doesn't reach his eyes this time. Instead, he looks disappointed and I get the feeling not everything is sorted in his love life.
5/6
###Chapter 40
Chapter 40
+5
*Merikh'
Colette laughs with her father as I sit in the far corner, watching as she wipes water from her blouse. She looks so happy and at ease as she manipulates the water, trying to get it to shake, rather than splash. Caspian Was thrilled when we arrived, his hands shaky as he tried to tamp down his smile, but it's glaringly obvious he is
excited.
If I didn't know that they were related, I would almost be jealous. Okay, that's a lie. I am jealous, but not of the relationship they are building. She looks at him with wonder and relief. It's like knowing a part of what she is, where she comes from, has brought to life a side of her I may never get to experience. All I get are side ways glances and the occasional scowl.
I mean, sure, when we are around the others I get to sneak little moments and convince myself she feels the same pull I do. It's damn hard holding her hand or kissing her shoulder knowing that to her it's an act. For me, it's a taste of what I screwed myself out of. Like an addict carrying in drug of choice in his pocket with never really being able to consume it.
It makes me itchy and irritable to be away from her emotionally. That barrier she keeps up. The damn thing slides into place the second our bedroom door closes. It goes from equator hot to arctic icy. And it's not like I know how to fix it. Apologizing is all I can do and swear I will never do it again, and that I have no more secrets, but what good is a promise if the person making it has proven they can't keep them?
I sigh heavily, fiddling with the bolting on the edging of the armchair, and then I look up, feeling a heavy gaze. She blinks at me, tilting her head and for a moment her brows furrow, like she might be worried about me. Then she seems to wake up and her eyes harden before she looks back at Caspian.
"I think that's enough for now. I have to admit, I'm tired now." She says. He gives her a soft smile and motions for *her to take a seat.
"Will you stay for dinner with me?" He asks, and she shakes her head.
"The amount of time we spend together will draw attention," I remind him, and he sighs knowingly.
"You have a point." then he looks between us. "Have you two discussed things yet?"
Colette chuckles dryly, looking at the shuttered window and shaking her head.
1/5
Спартер чи
"What is there to discuss?" She asks, and her words hit me in the gut. Is this how she felt every time I would refuse to hear her out? "Your mark." He says, giving her a pointed frown. "Or rather, the lack thereof."
"Caspian," she sighs, rolling her eyes, and she chuckles.
"Do not roll your eyes at me," he mutters, but he is half hearted as he smiles brightly. "I didn't think I would ever get to say that to you." Colette seems to melt at his words, all frustration regarding me fading away as she takes in this little, yet huge moment with her dad.
A knock at the door interrupts us and Ezrah shows himself in, giving me a courteous nod as he looks to Caspian.
"We have a few visitors," He tells him and Caspian furrows his brow.
"I don't recall expecting anyone..."
"Oh..." Colette seems startled, and looks over at me and clears her throat. "I-um-I believe they are here for me."
I look at her, startled, and then she smiles softly at Ezrah.
"Yes, I assumed as much." He grins. "I have showed both Penny and Beta Hayes to your room."
"Ah." Caspian says, clearing his throat. He looks in my direction and sighs heavily. "I suppose that in light of the recent unfortunate events to your other gamma, another arriving in his stead makes sense." "Will the others not throw a fit?" I ask, arching a brow, and he shrugs.
"Let them. Someone was attacked in our sanctuary, and you are entitled to your own safety for that reason." He bites out, looking up at Ezrah, who looks mildly surprised."
"Thank you, Caspian." I say, standing and moving over toward Colette. I rest my hand on the back of her chair, looking down at her.
She turns in her seat, looking up at me slightly and my heart stutters in my chest, her deep brown eyes gaze straight in to my very core. I can feel the slight tinge of heat in my cheeks that her innocent stare brings, but I can't find the strength to look away.
2/5
Chapter 40
"Forgive me, But...how was someone able attack anyone on the premises?" Ezrah asks, drawing my attention. and breaking my eye contact with Colette. His words are soft and directed at Caspian, who frowns and sighs.
heavily.
"They physically assaulted him, Ezrah. No magic was used." He says, then he drags and hand down his face as he leans forward. "Since no magic can be used, he was unable to heal as a wolf regularly would. I had brent take.
down the charms until her is better."
Ezrah freezes, his eyes skirting over to me before he clears his throat and bows his head. I can see he wants to say more, to mention things, but with being a messenger, often his opinions and thoughts are disregarded. But in all my years knowing the guy, I have felt he has an impressive ability to read and anticipate situations and people.
"What are you thinking?" I ask him. And he shakes his head, not wanting to overstep.
"Speak freely Ezrah, I trust these two." Capsian says, and it feels like I was struck across the face to wake me up.
Caspian trusts us? Well, I suppose trusting his daughter makes sense. But admitting it to someone else is shocking, to say the least. Colette's hand slides into mine and gives it a gentle squeeze, as if she understands my exact thought process.
"Do you?" Ezrah asks, a brow arched in amusement. Caspian frowns at him before he rolls his eyes, then clears
his throat.
"I am well aware of the things you are capable of learning and overhearing, so I am curious to know your thoughts about all of this. Including my new found trust in these two." Caspian says, choosing to ignore Ezrah's
comment about trusting us.
"I have long respected Alpha Merikh," He asserts and Caspian sighs.
Yeah, I am well aware of that."
Ezrah clears his throat, looking a little uncomfortable before he squares his shoulders.
"I am often given things to deliver and I move about quickly and with ease, but not without running into things... seeing things." He finally says, looking me in the eye like he is trying to tell me something. "There have been
some questionable things happening in the world up here that I do not pretend to think you, the King of Sirens,
know about."
3/5
Chapter 40
Caspian knits his brows together in question and motions for him to continue.
"There is a move to make extinct other kinds." He says softly and looks away, ashamed.
"And you are just now bringing this up?" I ask him, shocked. Ezrah's face pales and he licks his lips as if mentioning anything more might cause him pain.
"I am forbidden from reading or looking at the items I deliver, but..." he clears his throat. "If a letter does not have a sender's information, only a destination..."
"Tell me now." Caspian says, his voice raising as he stands.
+5
"I have delivered three of the same letters. Same handwriting and no return address, the same handwriting on the letter I delivered to you, Merikh." He says, turning to look at me..
Caspian looks between us as my stomach burns with fury. Things have felt off for years now, but when you are used to a feeling, it becomes normal and when it's gone, that is when it feels foreign. I suck my teeth, groaning in frustration. Someone is after my kind, of course. Who the hell else could they be after?
"What did you read, Ezrah." Caspian demands, slamming his fist onto the top of his desk, his eyes swirling with. danger.
"There is a call for extermination. One that will be voted upon in the next week,"
"I will never allow that on the docket." He retorts, and Ezrah frowns.
"From what I gather, if multiple parties call attention to it, it must be discussed."
"Shit..." Colette mutters, her muscles tense as she comes to grips with all this means.
It's not just an attack on me, but our entire species. The whole reason someone has been wanting Colette is a bargaining chip for Caspian. She is a hybrid, so she must die unless she is fully mated to me. But if they agree to my demise, our kinds extermination... Her head is back on the chopping block.
How far will Caspian go to protect his only child? Would he trade our entire kind for the promise of her safety? A hybrid for an entire species. He locks his eyes with mine and I see he his mindset is where mine is, but he doesn't seem to know the answer to his own question. Colette would never agree to it, but it is easier to live knowing your child hates you than live knowing they will forever be gone.
4/5
Chapter 40
"We need to go see Hayes and Penny," Colette jumps up, dragging me out the door before anyone can utter another word. It is not until we are safe behind the door that she spins to face me, determination on her face.
"We can use this," she tells me. "We can use this to determine who is behind it. How many do you think would actually truly want to kill off an entire species? I mean, truly?"
I sigh, pulling my hands through my hair before I drop them.
"That is a complicated question, Colette. We are truly unliked by many." I tell her.
"Please, we can charm as many over as we need," I hear Hayes behind me and I spin, feeling like a weight has been lifted from my chest at the sight of my brother. "Easier said than done," I say with a small smile..
"Please, me and you? We are the definition of charming." He says, then frowns. "Okay, I am the definition of charming. Maybe you should sit this one out."
+5
5/5
###Chapter 41
Chapter 41
*Colette*
+5
"Will you be okay?" Merikh asks me, his voice low as his eyes stare into mine. I cross my arms over my chest, trying to show the indifference I don't feel.
"Of course I will be." I tell him, pointing over to Penny. "I have Penny to keep me safe and entertained."
"What has he not been entertaining enough for you?" Hayes asks, slapping his brother's shoulders, laughing. His laughing ceases when he notices Merikh and I exchanging a look of irritation and he puts his hands up, taking two steps back. "Noted, you both need to get laid." he grins before turning and walking out the door.
"If you want, I can stay and we can-
"I'm fine, Merikh," I mumble. "Truly. I have Penny and if I'm being honest, I could really use some girl time."
He nods, looking at Hayes and then back at me with an unreadable expression.
"I won't be gone long," he mutters, slipping out the door. He leaves it open, probably hoping I will watch him walk away, but I have better things to do than stare at him as he walks away, But I know I'm kidding myself thinking I won't stare at him til he disappears into Hayes' room with him.
It feels weird, watching Merikh as he walks away with Hayes, taking him to his room just down the hall. It doesn't matter if he will be gone for seconds or hours. I am used to his presence yet again. But with Penny being here, he now feels safe, giving me a little more space. At least, for now, that is.
"Sooo," Penny smirks at me as she walks over to the couch and plops into the plush cushions, making a dramatic show of how comfortable it is. Her eyes roll to the back of her head as she pretends to faint from comfort and I chuckle, walking around the side and taking my seat.
"So what?" I ask, arching a brow. "It sounds like you
something."
She bites her lip and grabs a blanket.
are waiting for something from me or waiting to tell me
"Now that I have seen Perc, I can fully focus on you and the mess of your love life."
1/6
Chapter 41
I roll my eyes, a scoff tumbling from me.
"What makes you think it's a mess?" I ask her, but I know she has a fine tuned intuition. She chooses not to answer as she gives me a knowing glare and I cover my face in embarrassment.
"I thought everything was better," I whine, uncovering my face. "He finally let me explain the thing with Grady and he realized I was telling him the truth. But..."
Her face falls from excitement to disappointment.
"But what?"
"He has been lying to me." I whisper, frowning.
"Okay...but like...I know this sounds bad, but what kind of lie are we talking about here? Like he told you he is a vegan, but you caught him eating a burger or...?" She asks, looking entirely invested. "Like, he introduced me to my biological father and told me I'm a hybrid but also hybrids are illegal so everyone is going to want to kill me so now he has to mark me...
Penny's mouth falls open and she blinks, pressing back into the couch cushions with a whistling exhale. She seems to process as I watch the switch of emotions go through her face. She sits up, opening her mouth like she is about to speak, then she tilts her head, thinking better before plopping back again, her shoulders slumping.
"Well, damn." She finally works out, her eyes meeting mine as she frowns.
"Yeah, tell me about it," I mutter.
"So he didn't just screw up, he like...fucked up sideways and upside down."
I chuckle, relishing her tiny humor slips that make it feel like it's not as serious as we both know it is. Merikh has put me in a strange pickle indeed.
"Yep," I say, popping the 'p' with my lips as silence falls over us.
"So like...how does that work...Also, who is your dad? But like...how did Alpha know?" She says, her brain. catching up with the words I told her finally. "There is a lot to unpack here."
I chuckle. "Yeah, abandonment issues, never feeling like I fit in, my uncle and cousin hating me and raising met
2/6
Chapter 41
like a freaking maid."
"How are you doing?" She asks, pushing forward and moving closer to me.
"I really...don't know." I shrug. "One minute, I think I'm okay with it. The next I feel like the rug is being yanked out from me all over again."
"I can't even imagine..." Penny says softly, reaching out to pat my folded hands that rest in my lap.
"My mother and father were mates. And they loved each other and wanted to make it work...but someone found out. I guess I grew up with them until I was ten. I apparently knew him as my dad and living with my mom near the water."
"Water...?" she asks, then it's like something clicks in her brain and she makes an 'oh' face.
"Yeah. Ever met a siren?" I tease her, and she shakes her head.
"Nope, never been to the ocean." She shrugs. Eyes wide and filled with excitement.
"Well, Hey!" I give her a tight smile and she grins. "Now you have met a half siren."
She giggles. "I feel pretty damn special, not going to lie."
"But also, they live in the ocean usually, but they can live in fresh water if they need to."
"You don't think there are any in the lake at home, do you?" She asks, nervously.
I let out a bark of laughter and shake
my head.
"They would have to have permission to ever enter the water. Permission granted by the alpha and I don't think Merikh would agree to that," I tell her and she nods in understanding. "Ah, I see." she pauses. "So...like...what does all of this mean for you?"
"Well, Merikh is going to have to mark me in order to keep me alive...IF we can even get on the board."
She rubs her temples, squeezing her eyes shut.
"I have never had so many questions in my head in my entire life." She mumbles.
3/6
Emergency calls only + W
Chapter 41
"Well, for starters. Yes, I'm okay with him marking me. Yes, we have already...um...consummated the mating, just without the mark.”
Her mouth falls open, and she pretends hits me as if I was saving the biggest secret for last.
"Okay, Luna, don't hold back. Tell me all about it."
My cheeks heat as I blush. "It was...nice." I admit, feeling a little shy.
"And you guys have been going at it since?" she asks hopefully. "You know Lycan needs an heir and all that, so it's just a normal, not creepy, question." She winks jokingly.
"We have not...done it since that one time." I clear my throat and she winces for me.
#5
"You found out after, didn't you?" She asks softly and I nod my head yes. "I can't speak ill of him, but know that I'm on your side and if you need me to, I can arrange for his food to taste like shit one night. Then blame the
staff,"
A laugh breaks from my lips as I press back into the couch, thinking about how hilarious that thought is.
"That does sound amusing, but I think my coldness to him has been doing the trick just fine."
"Do you think you will forgive him?" She asks after a few minutes of silence.
I sigh, trying to figure out how to answer it. It's something I have thought hard about every spare moment my mind is able to wander.
No matter what I do I am stuck with Merikh, as a mate, and as a Luna and I refuse to let my people down the way everyone seems to have let me down my entire life. But does being stuck with him mean I should make it easier. by just...forgiving him?
"Eventually," I frown. "I know it sounds weak, but to him I was a pawn, a means to an end for the suffering of our kind. In a way, I understand the logic, no matter how flawed it was.”
"Plus, he reconnected you with your dad." She adds, and I nod.
"And my dad, Caspian, seems genuinely loving. Like he cares about me and wants to make amends." I pinch the bridge of my nose. "I mean really, at the end of the day, he did what he had to do for our people, and in the process gave me a part of my family back that I didn't even know I was missing." It's not easy to admit, but I do.
4/6
Chapter 41
My heart twisting at all the memories I have already created with the man I lost so much time with.
"Luna..." Penny says softly. I can see it in her eyes that she is going to urge me to forgive Merikh and let him in. And It's not like I don't want to. I would love to forget that he betrayed my trust, multiple times even after I have done nothing but prove my loyalty to him. "Promise me you won't just forgive him."
I blink at her, then I stick my index fingers in my ears, twisting them like there may be something stuck inside the canal. Something that is forcing me to hear things.
"Oh, I'm sorry. I think I may have missed what you just said." I say and she sighs.
"Alpha fucked up." She exhales. "Your relationship, the unsteady ground it is on, affects us all. We need a unified front, yes. But we deserve a Luna and Alpha who understand actions have consequences." "So you think I shouldn't forgive him, then?" I ask, hating that thought. Not that I have thought much about forgiving him. He screwed up. He needs to atone for it. But... My traitorous heart doesn't realize that Merikh lied to us. It doesn't care that he placed us in a heap of danger. Or that he has a valid reason. Damn it.
T
"No, that's not what I am saying at all. You need to be a unified front. What I am saying is.... make him grovel. Then make up."
"Groveling does indeed sound nice." I admit. Then she smirks..
"Mark each other first, then have him grovel. It might help if you can feel his sincerity." She winks at me and I chuckle, just as the door opens and none other than the topic of conversation walks in. "What are you two discussing?" He asks, looking between Penny and me like we are plotting his death. I shrug. and Penny grins before mirroring my movements.
"Just girl talk." She grins and he frowns.
"Why does that feel like it's bad for me?"
"Well, it's definitely not good for you." I mutter, a tilt to my lips and he arches a brow like he is egging me on. Oh the ways this man is going to have to suck up will be fun.
###Chapter 42
Chapter 42 *Merikh*
"Where is Colette?" Hayes asks as I we exit the massive white mansion, heading into the back garden, the sun. high in the morning sky.
"She is with Caspian," I mutter, looking around to be sure no one is listening.
"It's interesting how...not upset she is with you." He furrows his brow.
"Hah!" I snort. "I get the feeling that no amount of remorse will save me from my life of groveling."
Hayes smirks and shakes his head.
zasp
"You groveling does sound pretty entertaining. If she is smart, she will drag it out for as long as possible." He pauses as I frown, then he continues to stare. His heavy gaze unearths my brotherly annoyance with him, and I exhale heavily.
"What now?" I grit out, and he chuckles.
"Oh, I'm just curious what you plan to do in your 'groveling! Will you get on your hands and knees while begging? Lavishing her with presents? Making every promise in the world to make her stay?" "Shut up, Hayes," I grumble and look away.
I'm not quite ready to admit to him I've already done my begging. It feels like a betrayal of that intimate moment between her and I. But truth be told, begging is the beginning of what I will do. I meant what I said when I told her I was at her mercy and I will be sure she knows it every single day.
"Fine, then. Let's discuss the issue of her not being marked yet." He frowns, crossing his arms over his chest as he turns to look right at me.
"It's none of your concern," I sigh and he scoffs.
"As your brother, it is my concern winces. It's your mate, and as your Beta, it is even more my concern. She is our Luna, Merikh. She must be protected, and your misconceptions can't keep you from protecting her."
1/5
My anger flares, my blood boiling as I press my lips together, trying to calm myself. He is down playing the shit I have done. All the ways I have given her nothing to trust in me. I may be his brother, I may be his alpha, but I am fallible, just like anyone else.
"I lied. I betrayed her trust: Don't try to downplay what I did. You of all people know the depth at which a lie can burrow in and destroy even the most pure of things." I say with measured frustration.
"I am well aware, Merikh, of exactly how you fucked up. And I get a lie is a lie, but tell me, when were your lies malicious? When were they intended to harm her? I mean, truly harm her."
I suck my teeth, reminded why I am the alpha and not him. Hayes is wise, and he is a formidable beta, but that he can't see the issue is one reason I am the alpha. Other than my birthright. "Intent means nothing when the end result is just as painful." I frown at him and he looks defeated.
"Look, I get it. You fucked up. We all did. The point remains that how you feel about her isn't a lie. Your reason fo keeping things close to the vest makes sense."
I sigh, shaking my head before I turn and walk away. This isn't the reason I brought him out here. We need to discuss the pack, the things ongoing with the committee. But most importantly, our plan.
"Have there been any more reports of the red-eyed wolves?" I ask him. I can feel the glare that the back of head. Hayes is a big communicator. Someone who likes to discuss things, especially when it's not easy.
"Only for the first few days, it has been completely quiet now," he says, but I can hear his frustrations.
my
"Hmmm," I muse. It's not that I'm surprised by this news, more that I'm unsettled over not knowing what their next move is. There is no doubt they are after Colette, and for now she is safe. Or so we hope. What are you thinking?" He asks, a tilt to his chin as he watches me, waiting for an answer.
'Caspian still hasn't figured out who attacked Percy." 1 frown.
"I mean, it's possible it was them, but would they be that bold?" He frowns, looking like he doubts the statement.
"My guess is it's the person who has been plotting all of this.""
"Solid
guess, brother," he says with a teasing grin. I give him a shove and he laughs lightly.
2/5
Chapter 42
"Alpha..." Percy calls from behind us, and I turn quickly, surprised to see him striding over to us with as much. ease as he is.
+5
"Percy," I smile at him and he bows his head.
"I want to be back on duty with Penny."
"Are you fully healed?" I ask him, and he looks away as he clears his throat.
"I am healed enough to protect and fight, alpha." He says, his voice full of conviction as he meets my eyes.
He is eager to prove himself, to prove that this attack was a fluke and he will never again allow something similar to happen.
"Are you healed enough to explain what you witnessed? What happened?" I ask him, and his cheeks turn pink as he clears his throat.
"I was attacked from behind. And when I tried to fight back, their hood was up. But I can say if they are one of the committee members who doesn't heal like us, there would be marks on their upper arms.” He says with pride.
"What kind of marks?" I ask him.
"Claw marks," he smirks. "I didn't go down without a fight, alpha. You trained me."
"Any red glowing eyes?" Hayes asks and Percy shakes his head.
"No. It was like looking into a black hole. Nothing but darkness." He then looks disappointed. "I should have tried harder to remember it all earlier,"
"Percy, enough." I say, giving him a stern look. "Go back to your post. Follow in the shadows like before."
His freckled face lights up in excitement as he rushes off to find Colette and Penny. I feel much safer having two people on Colette as opposed to one now.
"How are things in the pack?" I ask Hayes as we watch Percy disappear into the mansion.
"Good." He reports, stuffing his hands in his pocket. "They are eager to have their Alpha and Luna back at home."
I nod in understanding. We are both eager to be back home. Mad at each other or nod, I do know that Colette
3/5
sees the pack as home. Those people are here people now, and she cares. She truly cares.
"Soon enough," I sigh, then I shake my head. "Caspian is aiding us in every way he can. So hopefully when we come Home we have the protection we need from those wishing to cause us harm." A loud crashing sound comes from the trees, startling both Hayes and me as we watch the woods cautiously.. Then it sounds again, this time a feral animal cry breaking through and making the birds flee in fear.
"What in the hell..." Hayes murmurs as we both step closer, knees bent and hands up, waiting for an ambush of some kind.
Fire licks up a tree and up into the morning skyline, smoke billowing out as I watch Caspian sprinting from his balcony as Elm rushes around the corner. All of the council members stop near us, watching as the wood ignites faster than lint to a flame.
Water floats up from the small creek, funneling into the trees as vines and fresh greenery spring from the earth, wrapping and twisting together over the fire, choking it out. Florence panics, pacing up and down her hands in her hair as she looks at Johannes and the two argue back and forth. Ending with her, shoving at his chest angrily before she takes off.
The red headed petite dragon stands next to elm, drawing in a deep inhale as the flames come barreling toward her. She inhales them as if she is sucking in a spaghetti noodle, leaving behind only the smoke..
I make an effort to scan the crowd, watching as everyone looks shocked and murmuring. Colette catches my eye as she moves over to me, entwining her hand in mine as she gapes at the damage. "Florence is gone," she whispers, leaning closer to me like she is worried, putting on a show, but I eat up her closeness.
"She was here, but then she argued with Johannes." I murmur and her eyebrows crinkle in the cutest way. I bite "back a smile, watching her as she thinks.
"They seem too obvious." She mutters and I smirk, loving how quick she picks up on things.
"I would agree." I tell her, and she frowns.
She looks over at her father and he makes a concerted effort to look around before sliding a glance and a gentle nod in our direction. He looks tired, like perhaps all the training with Colette and not this is hard on his body, especially since he has been out of the sea for a little while.
4/5
Chapter 42
"I have asked Penny to wander, see what she can and hear what she can hear." Colette tells me.
"And who will be with you?" I ask her and she smiles.
"Other than Percy?" She tilts her head to the side, and I hide a smile, giving a gentle nod.
"Yes, other than him." I agree and she shrugs, a stunning smile breaking over her lips as she looks up at me.
pat
"I had a conversation with Caspian." She swallows, her cheeks growing heated as she licks her lips.
"Oh?" I ask, arching a brow. Colette looks to my side at Hayes, who chuckles and wanders away.
"I was hoping you could...spend time with me tonight. We have some unfinished business to attend to." She whispers. My stomach does somersaults and I clear my throat, my clothing suddenly feeling restricting.
"Colette," I say, frowning.
Shit, I want this from her; I want to mark her and feel her teeth sink into my neck, finally finishing this little dance between us. But I wanted us to be fixed. I wanted it to be a choice she could make this time rather than something she feels she was cornered into.
"No," she shakes her head. "You are groveling. And this is my first demand."
I feel conflicted, my lycan and me jumping for joy, but that reservation is still there. That fear or worry that this will make things worse. That I will have to hear and fear exactly what she really thinks and feels for me. What if I find out she's been lying too? What if Colette never cared for me in the first place?
5/5
###Chapter 43
Chapter 43
I swallow roughly as I follow Colette into the room, her hand in mine, leading me after Caspian sent everyone to their respective rooms for the time being. No one is allowed out until he has a chance to talk with each person individually. Which means I am locked in a room alone with the only person who makes me nervous now that
she has made her demands.
Colette tugs on my hand, but I resist her as she tries to pull me further into the room, the door just closing behind me as I look at her. Shit, she is stunning. She carries an air of determination, nervousness swirling in her deep brown eyes, but I can sense she is resolute.
Colette is putting her foot down. She is making this demand and even with it coming from her; I feel...hesitant that this is something she wants. This is a game we've been playing for so damn long already. She asks. I refuse even though I crave it, too.
"We don't have to do this now," she whispers, taking a step toward me.
"Is this what you want?" I ask her and she drops her gaze from me. Her dainty hands come before her and she fiddles with her fingers.
"It is what must be done." She murmurs. My skin itches to caress her as I reach out and lift her chin with my fingers. I capture her eyes with mine, ensuring she sees me.
"I have done nothing but continually fuck up where you are concerned." I tell her, my mouth going dry, when tears form in her eyes. "There is nothing, no reason, for you to force yourself to do this. In every way you are my Luna. A bite mark in the heat is passion does not negate that."
She frowns, then she takes another step closer so our bodies are near pressed together and she sighs heavily. Colette leans forward, her forehead pressing to my chest as her arm slides around my back and she hugs me.
A simple action. Something so small, yet it feels mountainous as my emotions spring forward and I just need to hold her. My arms slide around her body, taking the time to appreciate how much full her body has gotten since I'd first held her in my pack.
Colette had been sickly, a weak and thirsty hybrid. One needing water and care, neither of which she got. But since moving with me, since being here and learning her new skills...she has more meat on her bones. A deeper cube to her hips, fuller breast, and even a softness to her stomach that I want to rest my head on.
1/6
о
No longer is Colette a weak, scared girl. She is a strong, wise and humble Luna who always puts other first. And she is mine, truly meant to be mine. Even with all my fuck ups, even with all my resistance... she knows. She feels it; I hope.
"Merikh." She whispers. I glance down at her as she lifts her head and looks up. My heart stutters in my chest and the air feels thin. "I'm still so mad at you..."
"I know," I murmur, unable to not touch her face as I reach and stroke her cheek with my right hand, my left holding her close, refusing to let her run away just yet.
"I have stipulations for us marking each other." She swallows roughly.
"Anything." I rush out, not caring at all about what she demands of me.
"I want it to be done in water." She says.
My brows come together in confusion, imagining a heated moment in the shower. The drops cascading down her bare breasts as I lap at them, her legs wrapping around my waist as I hoist her up and enter her. Yeah, this request sounds easy enough.
"Yes," I rush out a little too eagerly. She grins and shakes her head.
"In healing waters," she clarifies, then she takes a deep breath. "There is a bathing chamber, one meant for just siren use. Only my father has the key and he has given it to me."
"I already told you, whatever your request is, I will meet it." I remind her. And I fully intend on meeting every request she makes. Admittedly, I am more excited about the healing waters than the shower sex. Though shower sex will indeed be in our future. Many, many times.
"You will enter the water when I sing to you," she whispers, and my excited demeanor dissipates as I tilt my head. She looks nervous all of a sudden.
"Okay..."
..."I respond slowly, waiting for her to explain.
"You have controlled every scenario, what I know, my choices..." she releases a shaky breath while I wait, growing more worried by the second. "I want to use the siren song on you. To control your actions during..."
My eyes grow wide, my mouth falling open in shock. I snap it shut, my lips pressing together as I stare at her. Colette wants to control me. She wants to use the song to force my movements and reactions. She wasn't
2/6
Chapter 43
powerful enough to do much before. Just sing and I came running like a lovesick fool, but now she can... manipulate me with it?
"You can do that?" I ask her, surprised by this change in her abilities. She's been working hard with Caspian, but! guess I didn't expect her to have grown so much so fast. "Yes," she nods.
"So, what will you control?" I ask, trying to get a better understanding.
"That is for me to decide." She says, taking a step away from me. "I am the one in control this time.”
My muscles twitch at her words, not keen on letting my control go, but if this is what it takes, then I will do it. Even a little begrudgingly.
"Whatever you want."
A knock sounds at the door and I move to it, hesitantly pulling it open to find Caspian standing in the doorway. He looks disheveled, and he pushes his way in, moving directly toward Colette. "What is going on?" I ask him.
"Have you marked her yet?” he asks, reaching out and pushing her head to the side, looking for a mark. He frowns and looks between us.
"We just made it back to the room," Colette reminds him and he paces away.
"What the hell is going on?" I ask, and he frowns.
"Everyone is trying to pin what happened on you." He finally says. "We know it wasn't exactly an attack, but they believe it was retaliation for your gamma being injured."
"Which would be just," Colette chimes in and Caspian gives her a disappointed look.
"Just or not, now is not the time to get defensive." He grits out. "I can sense something is coming, and every instinct is telling me you are not safe."
"She is safe with me," I tell him flatly. Does he think I am unable to protect my luna?
3/6
Chapter 43
"She is not safe until she bears your mark and we all know it."
"You are pushing it awfully hard," I mutter, and he scoffs.
"And you both are fighting it harder."
"If it were my choice, we would be mated fully by now, but I need Colette to make this decision and I refuse to rush her.”
+5
"Fine, I will," he says, whipping around to look at Colette. "My dear, sweet, newly found daughter. I can not handle losing you again. I am begging you to please-"
"I already decided we would go through with it. But it will be in my time." She says, crossing her arms over her chest.
"Your time ends by end of day tonight, Colette."
She flushes pink, and Caspian rolls his eyes.
"It's just a mark, Colette." he whispers, and she scoffs, then she rolls her shoulders back like she is ready to say something before he looks at his watch and curses under his breath. "But I have to go. Brent is the first one on my list and I have a feeling it will be a very long day."
Caspian rushes out just as fast as he came crashing in, and Colette and I are washed in awkward silence. She clears her throat and then walks to the dresser and pulls out a set of pajamas, tucking them under her arm. Then she tosses me a pair of boxers and walks toward the door.
"Where are you going?" I ask her and she gives me a soft smile.
"To bathe, you coming?" She says with a sultry smile and my throat goes dry. I try to swallow, struggling to get the saliva down as I nod yes.
"Do you know where you are going?" I ask her and she nods.
"Of course I do. He told me a back way to get there," Colette says, exiting the door and taking a left. She opens a storage closet door after looking up and down the hallway. Then she drags me into it and pushes a mop bucket to the side.
A back door opens behind the dump sink and I follow her, shocked first that a door like this exists and second
4/6
Chapter 43
that she would know it. Colette steps through, and I duck, entering the small door before it slides back into place.
+5
"Caspian has told me all about the little secret passageways in this place. He said it allows him to cut down on travel time from place to place." She explains.
"I see," I mutter, ducking under a massive spider web that barely clears her head. "How do you know where we
Boing?" I ask her and she looks over her shoulder at me, a big grin on his lips.
are
"I can sense the large amount of water," she tells me, then she pauses and her body shivers. "We are here."
Colette pushes at a small door, breaking us into a massive room that smells of herbs and fragrant oils. I look at the massive pool of water, starting as a shallow body of water that grows deeper with every step. Petals dot the purple tinted water and I watch as she closes heseyes and inhales it all deeply
"You seem at home."I say with a gentle smile and she blushes.
"Water feels like home. And you also...feel like home."
"Colette..." I say, my voice barely a whisper, but she silences me as she places her clothes to the side and slips out of her clothes.
I
Her bare skin is on full display for me as I watch her with hungry eyes. My lycan is near feral in my mind, telling me to strip no and chase her into the water, but my brains are telling me we have not yet been invited.
So instead I take in the delicious view as her bare hips sway side to side, making my chest tighten and my body. react in such a way that I am nearly in physical pain.
She spins to face me and I feel my knees grow weak. Her perky breasts stare at me, practically begging me to come and cup them, knead them...kiss them. Colette is on full display and she knows exactly what it is doing to me. As she smirks and slowly walks deeper before dropping to her neck in the water.
"How does it feel?" I ask her, nearly panting.
She moans, her eyes sliding closed as she leans her head back to wet her hair.
"So good," she murmurs.
Then, without knowing it, I am shucking my pants, my torso pulled free from my shirt as I move to the water, my
5/6
Chapter 43
feet toeing the water line. I wait, so fucking patiently, for her to beckon me, or tell me to leave. One or the other, but instead she watches me, every second more excruciating than the next that I can't touch her.
"You want to come in?" She asks and I nod. Like the wanton man I am, and she chuckles.
"Have a seat. I plan to soak for a while."
SEND GIFT
###Chapter 44
Chapter 44
She is brazen. Far more seductive and playful than she has been before. But that's what's so awe-inspiring about Colette. How quickly she adapts and changes. How the moment her strength grew, her personality developed, revealing the true Luna beneath the once reserved and scared maid.
She has always been pretty, but there is something about a woman who has come into her own that is utterly spellbinding. I watch her every move with complete interest, soaking in every second as she lavishes her body. with warm, healing water. The way she dips her head back and her hair tumbles into the water, the way her muscles tense and release as she reaches up to her tie her hair up in a bun, the wet strands dripping down her
soft skin.
I am a goner. Not that I wasn't aware of this much earlier. No, I knew early on I was in trouble with her. But watching her now, experiencing her confidence and her strength in one display of power over me, well, it's damni intoxicating. I've never wanted anyone to be stronger than me before, to have a hold on me like the mate bond has done, but this is far beyond that.
The mate bond is nothing compared to love. The pull of her, the way my body ripples with awareness every time I notice her eyes on me, that was never there with Lauren. My body craved Lauren, but my heart and soul weren't
in it.
Every fiber of my being craves the woman before me. Those brown eyes, that silky skin and that smart ass mouth are mine. All mine, and there's not a damn thing I wouldn't give up for her if she asked me to. I'd lay my life down for her, and it'd be the easiest thing I'd ever done.
"What are you thinking about?" Her sweet voice echoes through the room. A smile breaking over my lips as our eyes meet.
"About how much you have changed and how much I just want to touch you." I tell her truthfully and she blinks, "clearly caught off guard.
"That won't make me forgive you faster," she says with the tiniest frown tugging at her lips.
"Make me suffer my whole life with you at my side," I shrug. "It won't change the truth I just gave you."
?ЛЮНИТ
"I don't want you to suffer." She says, looking disappointed. "I want you to understand what it feels like to have no control."
1/4
Chapter 44
+5
We both know that the oath I forced her to take won't allow her to control me completely. But as long as she doesn't try to kill me, it won't fight the pull she creates with her song, I don't think. I trust her. It's weird to admit it, but I do. I trust her explicitly and I don't deserve her, but here I am begging for anything she will give me.
Colette plays with the water, her face falling as she dips forward, her body gliding into the water as she fully submerges herself. My body tingles, my lycan going crazy as an ethereal sound fills our mind. I gasp as my body moves on its own, stepping into the warm water as it sends shivers through me.
My lycan wants to fight the control, growling in my head and angry with me for not trying to resist. I silence him, reminding him this is for our mate. This is only the beginning of our penance, and we will bow down and accept it. It takes some convincing, but when he realizes I am right, he lets out a whine and settles.
I can't make out the words of this song. She sings in a language I don't understand, but the melody wraps around me like a heated blanket, warming me to.my core with thoughts of happiness and a gentle caress of a seductive promise. There is no hiding how aroused I am, my body vibrating with the need to get my hands on her, my muscles rippling as I move deeper into the water, a soft light emanating from just beneath the surface beckoning me to it and when I get there I freeze.
I am unable to move or make a sound as Colette slowly breaks the surface. Her eyes peek up at me and my breath hitches when I feel her fingers glide over my torso. Her head tilts to the side as she stands and moves backward, beckoning me to follow with her gaze. There is no quelling the erratic heartbeat that rams at my rib cage, no pretending I'm not as entranced in her as I know I
appear.
She has me stop right before her, my fingers itching, my skin crawling to be closer though she refuses to let me. A dissatisfied growl breaks from my lips and she smirks, more than satisfied. Colette traces her fingers up my chest, and over my shoulders, feeling every groove of muscle I have before she grabs hold of me and spins me.
My back presses into the side of the pool, the cool marble shocking me as I let out a surprised gasp. Then she steps closer and I can see how much she is fighting for control of her wolf as well. I say nothing. Calling her out on her own struggle would probably only lead to a much more painful blueball situation than I'm currently in.
"What do you want?" she whispers.
"You." I say, the word rushing out of me as easy as a simple breath of air would. It's true though. The very evidence of my wanting her rests in not just the southern region of my waist, but in my chest where my heart misbehaves and in my being where my soul rests, begging for every piece of her.
She smiles wryly and shakes her head.
2/4
Chapter 44
+5
"What do you want me to do to you?" She asks. Her song hums through me like a thin wall in a cheap home. All the answers that come to mind are dirty enough to make her perfect cheek blush red and I bite back a vicious grin. Oh, the things I want her to do to me are plenty indeed.
"Touch me." I say in a husky tone. Her head tilts to the side as she plays coy and my body quivers with agonizing desire for her. Her fingers flit over my cheek as she smiles. "Here?" she asks, but before I can answer, she drags her nail down my throat and across my collarbone. "Or maybe here?" She asks.
I don't answer, I can't. How can I when my tongue is pressed so damn hard into the roof of my mouth to control my actions I fear I may cause actual pain soon? My eyes meet hers, her deep browns swirling with hues of blue that mesmerize me. Her fingers dance lower, her eyes never leaving mine as they dip below the surface.
"Perhaps this is where you meant?" She whispers, the palm of her hand pressing against me, though she grips nothing. A moan rumbles through my chest, my eyes falling closed as my body acts on instinct and my hips grind into her hand.
Colette clicks her tongue, and I snap my eyes open, looking at her.
"You can not take." She says, her eyes firm. "This is not for you."
"Trust me, my little luna, I am in nothing but agony." I grit out, trying to keep my composure.
"You don't seem like it," she whispers, and I chuckle, leaning down.
"Should I tell you how much agony I am in? Would that please you?" I whisper, and she seems to think for a moment. Then she lowers herself up to her neck in the water and I gulp at how close she is to my only too happy member waiting for her to do what she wants.
"Please," she smirks. "Tell me."
"My fingers are on fire." I tell her, my voice a low rasp. "Every time your skin is on mine it feel likes a thousand needles of pleasure tattooing your touch to my flesh. My chest aches like my heart will break free at any moment and land squarely in your hands."
“Hmmm..." she hums, tapping her index finger on her chin like she is pretending to think about something. Then she slides back over to me, her fingers wrapping around me as my body shudders and she looks up with large, innocent eyes.
3/4
Chapter 44
"Colette," I whisper on a moan.
"And what kind of pain does this cause you?" She whispers,
"Immeasurable." I tell her honestly.
4/4
###Chapter 45
Chapter 45
I want to wrap my arms around her and seat her on me as I show her never ending pleasure. I want to run my hands over every curve, every swath of skin and pepper it with kisses while showering her with tender promises of a perfect future. But instead I fight my every urge, my very nature, to take the lead.
"And what makes this so intolerable?" She asks, sounding slighted.
"It's the lack of touch." I shiver. "I want to feel every part of you. So damn bad, Colette."
"No, you want to be in control." She says, drawing her hand away. I look at her through heady eyes, her serious gaze doing nothing to diminish the throbbing erection she has fully fueled.
"I have surrendered to you fully." I tell her truthfully.
"Not yet." She shakes her head. "But you will."
She stands and rushes to me, pressing her body against mine as she reaches up, wrapping her arms around my neck. Her plush lips press against mine and I kiss her back, my mouth opening as she rolls her hips into me. It want to wrap my arms around her, but they are stuck to my side.
"Can I touch you back?" I beg her, breaking our kiss for a mere moment, and she pauses, a smile on her lips.
"I like you asking permission first." She says.
"Is that a yes?" I huff and she shakes her head.
"Yes. For now." I capture her lips again, my arms wrapping around her as I lift her up. Colette's slender legs wrap around my waist. I am so close to the point of entry, my lycan cursing me for not dropping her lower and taking her hard and fast.
She moans into my mouth, my body alight as I eat every little sound she makes like it is the only sustenance I will ever need again. One of her hands slides down, tracing my arm as she moves it from her lower back to her ass. A feral growl releases from me as I slide my other hand and she tilts her head back, exposing her neck to me.
My lips know immediately what to do as they latch onto her tender skin, and I rain down on her with gentle nips and licks. I move further down, finding the cusp of her perfect breast before I look up, begging for permission. She smirks and shakes her head no, and I whine in disappointment.
1/5
"You are punishing yourself," I grumble and she sighs.
"Fair point." She murmurs. Then she wiggles, my grip loosening as she tries to break free from my arms. My chest aches at the thought of her stepping away until she meets my eyes as she lifts one leg and I feel her slide down
on
1. me.
"Fuck," I groan, low in my chest, my eyes rolling back in my head as her heat envelops me. She places her hand on my shoulder as she releases sweet little pants. Then she lifts herself before she drops on me again and I shiver.
My fists clench as I try to keep from taking control. It's not until her hand slides up behind my neck and she pulls herself impossibly close that I meet her gaze and she nods, giving me free rein. In an instant, my body feels freer and I reach out, gripping her ass, lifting her and dragging her down my body, meeting my thrusts midway as we both groan, her head falling back.
"Letty," her name tumbles from my lips and I close my eyes, fighting against the mounting pleasure that is coming on too soon, too fast.
"I'm close," she whispers and I reach between us, my thumb finding the sweet point between us as I massage it with a gentle circle.
"Me too," I groan out and she snaps her head up. She leans forward and grips me close, her lips nibbling on my
ear.
"Do not finish," she commands me. "Mark me, but you are not allowed to finish." IN
"What?" My eyes go wide just as her teeth break my skin and I roar out, trying like fucking hell to stop myself from the climax that's just a half a thrust away.
I am plunged into her mixture of emotions, the way she feels as she comes with me inside of her and I grit my "teeth before I grip her head and yank it to the side hovering just over her neck.
"Are you sure?" I whisper, my lips brushing over her skin, and she nods her head, unable to catch her breath.
My teeth sink into her skin, a popping sound ringing in my ears as water rains down on us. She rolls her hips into me and I bite down harder, fighting the orgasm that tries to rip through me, and then she hisses in pain.
"Finish." She whispers. "Come now."
2/5
Chapter 45
+5
My head falls back and my eyes close as I convulse, clinging to her as she shakes in my arms. I find it impossible to make a sound until I come down from the clouds, my forehead finding her shoulder and I rest it against her soft skin.
My lungs ache as she gently pushes herself away from me and drops beneath the water, her back to me. When she pops back up she moves toward the shallow end, leaving me heaving to catch my breath. I try to follow, but she stops and looks at me, tears in her eyes.
"I need to use the restroom." Colette whispers just as a soft sob breaks free. I furrow my brows, worry replacing the pleasure.
"Did I hurt you?" I ask her and she nods her head.
"Yes."
I try to rush toward her but she grabs her clothing and rushing into the bathroom, leaving me behind feeling wreaked with guilt and self hatred. Had I bitten her too hard? Or maybe I was too rough on her for it only being our second time together.
I drag my hands through my hair and slide beneath the surface for a mere moment before breaking the surface while allowing my mark to remain in the healing waters. I touch the tender spot in my neck where her mark is. The same spot I bore my mark for Lauren, but this time, it feels different.
It feels right, like this mark belongs here and no one can change that. Colette is safe now, protected from anyone who might try to harm her for who she is, what she is. There is not a single being in the world who would successfully take her from my side now. I only hope she feels liberating in that, and not trapped.
I try to rush toward her but she grabs her clothing and rushing into the bathroom, leaving me behind feeling wreaked with guilt and self hatred. Had I bitten her too hard? Or maybe I was too rough on her for it only being our second time together.
I tug my hands through my hair as I drop into the water, sliding beneath the surface for a mere moment before popping up while allowing my mark to remain in the healing waters. I instinctively touch the mark. The same spot I bore my mark for Lauren, but this time, it feels different.
It feels right, like it belongs here and no one can change that. Colette is safe now, protected from anyone who
might try to harm her for who she is, what she is. There is not a single being in the world who would successfully take her from my side now. I only hope she feels liberated in that, and not trapped.
3/5
Chapter 45
"I thought I might find you here," I hear a voice, and I turn to see Ezrah walking through the door.
"And why would you think that?" I frown.
+5
"Mostly because Caspian told me I could find you here if you were not in your room." He shrugs. Then he pauses, looking at me and then glancing around.
"Where is Colette?" He asks, worry in his voice.
"She is getting dressed." I inform him, and he nods.
"Is there a reason you needed to find us?" I ask him, an unease rippling through my mind.
"Caspian has discovered who injured your gamma. Percy." He says simply, and my eyes grow wide.
"Who on council was it?" I ask him, my anger rising.
"It is not wise to speak about it outside of his office, Alpha." He says, looking around, "I do not think we are as alone as you would hope." He whispers.
"We will be right there," I inform him as he turns his back and exits the room. I rush out of the water, toweling dry as I shove my legs into my pants and then I gently rap on the bathroom door. "Colette..." I call softly and I hear her sniffling. I go against what in instinct tells me and I push through the door and find her sitting on a small bench in the large locker room-like area. Her red eyes find mine and she bites her lips.
"Shit, I didn't mean to hurt you." I mutter, my heart aching as I fall to my knees before her, reaching up and wiping her tears away as my fingers tingle. "Where did I hurt you?"
"I wanted to be mad at you b-b-but-" she hiccups. "Merikh I can feel it all." She murmurs.
I furrow my brows, confused. "Feel what?"
"The mate bond. You weren't lying." She whispers, her eyes full of love and confliction. "We really are second chance mates...I can feel the bond."
"And it hurts you?" I ask, yanking my hands away. She reaches out and grabs them, gasping as the bond electrifies between us.
4/5
Chapter 45
+5
"No, what hurts me is how much I understand you now. How much I can feel your sincerity in the way you trust. me and love me. It makes me want to forgive you..." I frown, taking her hands and pressing them to my lips.
"I never meant to hurt you." I whisper. "And I am so sorry that I ever thought I was being wise. I am sorry for hurting you, lying to you and tricking you...for all of it."
"Damn it, I hate that. I can feel how sincere you are. I want to be mad at you." She grumbles and I laugh. I know I shouldn't, but she is so damn cute as she pouts.
"I promise I will still make you mad. Just not as mad and if down the road you remember how mad you are or should be, you can take it out on me then." I pull her to me, dropping a kiss on her forehead. "But right now, we have to go see your father. He has an update on Bercy's attacker."
"What?" she asks, jumping up, shocked. She grabs my hand and rushes toward the door, the bond fluttering across our skin as smiles, then clears her throat and yanks me out the door.
5/5
色
SEND GIFT
COMMENT
###Chapter 46
Chapter 46
"Colette"
+5
My wolf wars with me, whining and reminding me he was telling the truth. We are mates, truly and whole fated to be together. Him as my Alpha, me as his Luna. But fate doesn't erase the lies and the hurt he has brought me. Trust is more than love and mating.
It's showing up for each other, its expectations being met and open communication. How am I supposed to forgive him for failing to meet two of the three requirements? I know in time, the feeling of betrayal wil fade and the bond will nearly erase it along the way. But I need him to fully grasp how it felt to be branded as not only untrustworthy but set up to fail when he wanted to trust me.
"Are you okay?" Merikh asks, his hand sliding up my arm as he rubs it lovingly. His warmth oozes into through the bond, the purity and the depth of his emotions both terrifying and beautiful. "Let's just see what is going on," I say, avoiding the question.
me
"Letty," he says, his voice dropping low as he stares into my eyes. I am certain he can feel my inner fight, just as I can feel his glow of warmth.
"Now is not the time, Merikh," I tell him firmly and he frowns, then he nods. I push the door open, Caspian looking up, an unusually icy look on his face, and I look around the room, seeing Johannes in the corner with Elm.
"You just invited yourself in, huh?" Johannes snorts with disdain. I roll my eyes, really sick of this asshole's snide remarks.
"We were invited, so I assumed he would be expecting us." I retort, and his eyes widen, a little shocked by my annoyance. The fact that he is here, along with Elm, makes me think that one of the two men were involved in trying to hurt my gamma. A gamma I happen to care very much about.
"Knocking is respectful," my dad says and I bite back another annoyed response, instead of realizing that he is right. I can be informal when it is just us, but in front of the others we are putting on a show. No one can know, not yet anyway, who I really am.
"I apologize," I sigh, bowing my head in respect. "You are correct. I am just eager to have some answers."
1/7
"Our gamma is important to us and when we heard there was an update, we got a little excited." He says with an air of authority. "We meant no disrespect."
"I can understand that tensions are high, especially after what we are assuming was an attack." Caspian says respectfully, but I see a glimmer in his eyes, the hidden tenderness he has for me, and I give him a soft smile.
"Thank you." I say, then I look around the room. "May we sit down?" I ask.
"Yes," He clears his throat. "Please take a seat. These two have something to share."
"I hardly think being here is necessary for me," Johannes complains, but Caspian silences him with a glare.
"Are you not at fault for Percy's incident?" Merikh asks, choosing to stand behind me as I take a seat.
"You think it was me who did it?" He snorts. "Typical."
"You have a history with our kind."
"Yes, I either screw them or I kill them. I don't beat on barely of age children and leave them for the hell of it." His comment clearly makes him feel proud as he flashes and big knowing smile at Merikh, but I don't feel the hatred I thought I would from him.
"Enough bickering." Caspian groans, rubbing his temple.
"It was me." Elm clears his throat, his eyes finding mine as I blink at him in shock. I look at the man with a usually calm demeanor, recalling our conversation.
"Why?" Merikh asks and I can feel he is feeding off my emotions. I don't believe Elm was the one who attacked Percy and Merikh is feeding off of that. "Does one need a reason?" Johannes scoffs, rolling his
eyes.
"Why are you here if it wasn't you?" Merikh snaps at him and Johannes' nose twitches as he tries to keep from saying another smart ass remark when Caspian glares at him.
"I overheard him discussing it with another council member." He bites out, then he glowers at Merikh and me. "Look, I know I am an unforgivable dick. But rules are one thing I follow. No violence on council grounds. That is
2/7
Chapter 46
something I take seriously."
"You killed my father," Merikh says, his voice strong but I can feel the pain of his loss lance through my heart, my eyes turning up to look at him as he keeps his eyes focuses on Johannes.
"I don't know why I did it." Elm breaks into the conversation. He looks remorseful, his head bowed in shame as he walks over and kneels at my feet.
My eyebrows disappear into my hairline as I stare at him, shocked. I glance up at Merikh, unsure of what to do as he furrows his brow.
-What do I do?-I think in my mind and I nearly crawl out of my skin when I hear Merikh's voice in my mind.
What do you
you want to do?- He asks me. My skin goosebumps and I hear his laughter filter through me and it warms my chest. Our mind link is fully established-
-This feels weird-l admit.
-We need to devise a punishment for Elm.- He says, bringing me back to the issue at hand.
"I need you to elaborate on why you don't know." I say to Elm, who looks up at me with his remorseful eyes.
"I don't recall being in the woods, or even seeing him around. I remember waking up in pain and using the earth's energy to heal my wounds. Truthfully, I had no idea what I could have possibly done for it to happen."
I furrow my brows looking at my father, who seems to be in deep thought.
"I thought we couldn't use our powers before the attack happened...” Johannes adds in thought, his own interest clearly rising as we all discuss this openly.
"Is it possible he was controlled?" I ask, looking up at Merikh. "Like the red-eyed wolves?"
"Red eyed wolves?" Johannes mutters to himself in question.
"Yes, if the magic barrier were down." Merikh offers, ignoring Johannes, "But it was supposed to be up at that time. It should have only come down in order to help Percy heal, as his healing was affected." "So someone was able to topple it. Make me beat your gamma and then put it back up?" Elm asks.
3/7
Chapter 46
"Seems that way," Caspian mumbles. "So it is not entirely your fault, Elm."
"How it happened is no matter to me," Elm says, bowing his head again. "I wish to atone for my hand in it all."
I sigh, tilting my head as I look at him. "Elm, if you were coerced in any way, it is hardly yo
fault."
"Not to mention hurting him isn't what is illegal." Johannes adds.
"It is when they are
re here and when they are protected under my watch."
spian bites o
Johannes puts his hands up in defeat, pacing over to the window that overlooks the garden.
"Have your workers here noticed anything?" Merikh asks Caspian who rubs his temples, looking tired.
"No."
I keep my focus on Elm, watching him as he doesn't move a muscle waiting for his punishment while the other three discuss and try to get a better understanding of things. Elm doesn't recall it, so punishing him feels wrong.
-He could be faking it-Merikh says in my head and I turn, looking up at him. He gives me a tight smile, showing me he is just trying to help me understand the situation better, but I don't respond.
"I want you to vote for us to join the council." I say, making the room fall silent. Johannes scoffs and I feel a trickle of pride filter from Merikh. "That is the punishment I chose for you."
Elm looks up at me, confused. His mouth falls open to speak, but he tilts his head and frowns. Then he sits back on his knees and watches me closely.
"You don't want to beat me or my mate?" he asks like either would have ever been an option.
"Of course not. Your mate is more innocent than you in the matter, and I am convinced you are equally not at fault." I tell him.
"I'm confused." Johannes snorts. "You are just going to...blackmail him into voting you back onto the council. That is not how this shit works. There is a process and-"
"I accept." Elm says gratefully. "I accept and I attest to the fact that I would have voted for you before you asked
this of me."
4/7
Chapter 46
"Johannes," Merikh says his name and the vampire hisses at him, as he turns to look at him. "Who was he speaking to about it?"
"I was talking to Florence." Elm says. "She told me I should not come forward, that it would be bad for my family, but when Johannes told me he knew, he swore he would blackmail me into voting against you."
I glare at Johannes, who shrugs. "I do not think your kind belongs here."
"That is not up to you," Caspian says.
"They should be eradicated." He bites out. "Down in the dirt beneath my feet, where they belong."
"Leave my presence," Caspian says, bolting up. "I am sick and tired of your blatant hatred. You caused your own downfall, and the death of the woman you pretend you didn't want.”
Johannes slinks out of the room without so much of a look back at us, and Caspian pinches his brow.
"He is not the only one speaking of eradicating your kind," Elm tells us. "There are also rumors of a hybrid amongst the council members."
Elm glances around the room and then rubs the back of his neck. He meets my gaze and then his eyes skirt over to Caspian..
"You know," I whisper. He nods.
"I knew
during our f
real talk." He agrees. "Being a fae, I can feel other elements. Earth is my specialty, but I can sense the water in you. It's in your veins, melded into your soul."
Have you
told anyone else?" Merikh asks, his protective nature coming on strong as his voice sounds like a threat rather than a gentle question.
"No." He says simply. "I voted against no hybrids. To my kind, a mate, a true mate, is a gift that is rare. So if she was created from a union that was divinely given, she is supposed to be here." "And the others?" I ask, swallowing the lump in my throat.
"They do not think like I do." His lips tilt down. "The very existence of a hybrid sets them on edge. The thought that someone could be more powerful is the only thing many of them fear."
5/7
Chapter 46
"Even the dragons?" Caspian asks.
"They were the biggest advocate to eliminate your hybrid child." Elm says with a grim look..
"Why are you just now coming out to share this information?" Merikh asks.
"She is a gift," he says simply. "A kindhearted, and genuine gift. It is rare to meet a humble leader of any of our kinds."
+5
Merikh looks at me, a gentle smile on his handsome face.
"She is special," he murmurs.
"How many others can you help turn to our aid? Caspian asks Elm.
"Easier said than done, Caspian." He explains. "But I can try my best with Brent and Florence,"
"Florence will always side with the vampires," Merikh sounds glum.
"I wouldn't be so sure, She comes off like a sex crazed harpy with a love for mischief but she is calculating and if she finds it in her best interest, she will switch sides without a second look back." Caspian says sounding tired.
"I agree with Caspian. Florence has taken a strange liking to Letty. Let me see what I can do." Elm says, before he gives us a nod signaling his leaving and he walks out the door leaving it just Caspian, Merikh
and I.
"Any news on the fire?" Merikh asks.
"Nothing yet," he groans, plopping back into his seat. My father looks drained, his complexion pale rather than its usual sun-kissed glow, and his eyes are dull.
"What now?" I ask him, and he shakes his head.
"I wish I knew, but everything is happening so fast. No matter what plan I form in my head, by the time I even consider executing it, something else has happened. Your gamma being attacked, the woods setting on fire, Elm not recalling how or why he committed the crime against your gamma, the barrier coming and going as it pleases. Someone here is ten steps ahead of us. At all times." Caspian answers, sounding frustrated.
"I would like permission to search the premises. The woods, everything, with Hayes." Merikh announces.
6/7
"I will come with you," I offer.
"No!" Both Caspian and him yell in unison. I scoff and roll my eyes.
"If I am with Merikh, I am safe." I tell them.
"Not this time." He frowns. "We do not know what is out there, what we will find, if anything."
Exactly, and I'm not completely useless." I frown, crossing my arms over my chest.
"I will mind link you every step of the way," he gives me a soft smile, feeling my worry for him through the blasted bond and I roll my eyes trying to pretend that I don't care: But I do. We both know exactly how much we care for each other now.
"You marked each other, then?" Caspian asks, sounding relieved.
Isay
"We did." I say and he nods, pleased.
"Good. Now we just have to get you all voted back onto the council and then you will be truly safe," he murmurs, more to himself than to me. "Merikh, you have permission to search the grounds with your beta. Please be careful. I'm not entirely sure who we can trust anymore."
717
###Chapter 47
Chapter 47
"Merikh?
"I don't like this," Colette says, her tongue running over her teeth as she drills me with her angry eyes.
"Are you worried about me?" I tease her and she crosses her arms over her chest.
"Of course I am! Don't pretend like you can't feel it through the bond." She growls.
She is right. I feel her fear and the way she doesn't want me to leave her side. The way she wants to just wrap her arms around me and keep me here. It's damn adorable and so fucking refreshing to know it rather than hope.
"Letty," I say in a gentle voice, stalking toward her. She rolls her eyes, trying to be mad. "Penny and Percy will both be here with you."
"You stupid fool." She sniffles. "DO you really think I care about me? It's you that I am worried about."
"Am I not the Alpha of Death?" I ask her, arching a brow, and she scoffs. Her indignation only feeding the playful side of me. "Am I not the Lycan king?"
"You are my mate above all those things." She says and her words spear me right in the chest. Her words surprising me as I blink at her, dumbfounded.
"Am I that important to you?" I ask her and her shoulders drop, her eyes going sad.
"Do you need me to say it as well as feel it for you to believe it?" She asks me and I nod emphatically.
"Every day. I need you to tell me every day."
"I love you, and I hate you." She says like the smart ass she is.
"Oh? and what is it you love about me?" I ask, walking toward her and rubbing up and down her arms as she looks up at me.
"You mean what is it I hate about you?" She rivals and I smirk.
"Oh, I know why you hate me. A little all too well. What I don't know is why you love me."
1/5
Chapter 47
"Because of the mate bond," she says, but I feel the lie, all the while watching her lip twitch.
"Interesting." I mutter. "Do you want to see if the lie detector works for me, too?" I ask, arching a brow, and she fights back a smile.
"Hit me with your best lie." She says, bracing yourself as a knock sounds in the door.
"Brother, open up." Hayes calls.
"Hold on, I'm having sex with my mate." I call out and her eyes go wide with embarrassment.
"No, he is not!" She squeals as I laugh, scooping her up and holding her close. I run my nose along her jawbone, humming in delight as her scent nearly spirals me out of control. "I want to be," I murmur and she scoffs.
"That's not a lie."
"No, it is not. And I will never lie to you again." I tell her sincerely.
"Merikh, we need to get a move on. We should have left hours ago."
I hesitate to put her down. My heart is as full as my arms right now and I feel the way her love trickles through to me even as she tries to hold it back as best she can.
"You promise never to lie to me again?" She whispers, her eyes full of worry, and my heart seizes. I never want to make her doubt a word I say, and I know damn well she isn't done punishing me yet. But I've learned my lesson. No more lies, not for any reason ever.
"I swear." I tell her as she slides out of my arms, pressing her nose to mine.
"Good, and you promise you will come back?"
"Easiest promise ever." I say, sounding cocky, but it's damn true. I always come back. Fighting is my specialty and there is no being better than me at it. She nods, stepping back and sighs.
"Good, because I have some fun punishment in mind for you once everything is all sorted out." She says. I lunge forward, pressing a kiss to her lips before I tear away and pause at the door, looking back once more and give her a gentle smile. "Stay with Penny and Percy."
2/5
Chapter 47
"I know, I know." She groans as I pull the door open.
"Hey Alpha!" Penny says cheerfully as she and Percy slide past me. Percy gives me a knowing nod and I leave them behind, finding Hayes leaning on the back wall.
"Well, damn." He says, reaching out for my neck. "You weren't kidding. Look at the fresh mark.”
I slap his hand away, pretending to be mad, but I can't help the huge grin on my face.
"You look happy, brother." He says gently, "I only wish I could find a mate to make me as happy as you are."
"One day, Hayes. I have a feeling you will find her and she will be a bigger handful than you are."
"You mean she will be as amazing as I am?" He teases and I snort.
"If you say so." I mumble as we break into a run as we exit the building.
We head for where the trees were blazing earlier, sniffing around and trying to find evidence or anything other than possible magic. Flames are easy for any of the council members here other than Caspian and vampires who avoid flames.
I glint in the sun catches my eyes in a nearby tree and I look up, seeing a metallic red canister. I place my hands over my eyes, shielding them from the sun as I move closer and Hayes sighs heavily next to
me.
"Gas canister." He confirms, and my stomach falls.
"Shit." I grumble.
"Guess that rules out all the fire people like the Dragons, wizards and fae kind."
"It rules out no one." I scoff. "You don't leave shit like that behind unless you want it found. And you don't want evidence found unless you are trying to aim people in the other direction."
"Unless it is the red-eyed wolves. Because they don't give a shit about evidence." He reminds me.
"Yeah," I exhale. "There is that option, too."
I look around, moving deeper into the forest, with Hayes right behind me.
3/5
Chapter 47
"I am leaning toward it being the red-eyed freaks." He says. "The real question is, who controlling them?"
"That is the question of the year, Hayes." I murmur a strange scent, catching my attention as I move further. My lycan goes on high alert sensing something and I can sense Hayes' lycan coming forward as well.
"What the fuck is that smell?" he asks. I notice my vision going blurry and I realize too late we are waltzing straight into a trap.
"Hayes, I need you to force you lycan back," I say, doing the same to my own. He relents to me easily as my
vision comes back in full force.
"I can't," He growls, his head shaking from side to side as he tries to control himself. I spin on my heels, grabbing him as his skin grows fury and I force him to look into my eyes.
"You may not come out. Stay in human form," I use my alpha voice and his lycan retreats, Hayes gasping for air.
"What the fuck is going on?" he asks, beads of sweat on his brow.
"We are about to be attacked, and we can not use our lycans." I whisper low enough no other ears, but his can hear me.
"Fuck." He mutters, dragging his hands over his face. "Lets do this shit."
I turn slowly, trying to see deeper into the trees. But no one is there.
"You can come out." I call out, waiting for a response but finding none. An eerie feeling comes over me, and I can feel the magic creeping up through the grass. There is no fucking way I am playing in a magic landmine without my lycan.
"We should turn around." Hayes hisses and I nod in agreement.
"Yeah, I don't like this."
We turn and walk casually away from the enchanted area, my lycan growing stronger with every step we take. I can see where the trees burned and I turn to look at Hayes, only to find he is missing. "Hayes," I call out, keeping the panic from my voice as I search for him.
"Merikh!" I hear his call out, pain in his voice as I charge forward. A hand grabs my wrist and yanks me to the
4/5
Chapter 47
side, and I nearly collide with him as he covers my mouth.
"They are playing tricks," He whispers.
"Merikh!" His voice sounds again, the agony in his voice no longer hidden as I stare at my brother and watch him shiver in fear.
"What the fuck are we dealing with exactly?" he hisses.
"Hell if I know." I grumble, crouching down.
Then I see it. A werewolf wandering aimlessly, her mouth wide open as my name screeched from it like a recording. My blood goes cold and Hayes grips my arm. I can sense his fear as well as I can feel my
own.
"We need to get out of here." Hayes says firmly.
5/5
###Chapter 48
Chapter 48
"I agree." I say, standing and sprinting in the opposite direction of the thing, pacing the woods screaming my
name.
#5
I make sure Hayes is on my heels this time, checking every few seconds to verify he is still there. A loud crack sounds as pain radiates up my side and I fly through the air, rolling as I hit the ground. Before I can get my footing, a body is on me snarling and swiping at my face.
"Shit!" Hayes growls, his lycan taking over as my own comes forward. Body after body tumbles onto me, a mod. of red-eyed freaks, taking chunks of my flesh from me as I plow through them with my razor- sharp claws.
I finally make it to my feet, rushing over to Hayes and I tear the bodies from him with ease and help him up. We stand back to back, towering over the sea of werewolves who aren't in their right minds, waiting for them to strike first. Instead, they wait.
A single woman pushes them all aside, walking up, her eyes more vibrant than the others, and I notice she is a lycan.
"We only want the girl." She says, the sound emitting from her even with her mouth closed.
"No," my lycan growls. "Mine."
"Then we will have to kill you." She says again.
"Try." Hayes' lycan says, charging for her. His hand flies out to swipe across her, but he stops before he hits her, his lycan shaking. "Mine" He whispers. "Mate."
Damn it. This is the last fucking thing we need right now. I shove Hayes aside, knocking the girl out, her eyes falling closed as the others attack us. Hayes' lycan whines hopelessly as he tries to get to the girl, but I growl at him, forcing him to focus.
Now is not the time for him to fawn over his possessed mate. Right now we have to fucking fight to get out of
here so we can inform the others who is behind this little bonfire.
I tear through the zombie like wolves with ease, hope springing up that this might be a quick and easy fight after
1/3
screwed we are.
The beast swipes at me and I barely escape as I dodge to the right, spinning and coming out behind it. I lunge forward to attack and his head spins around, catching me completely off guard as I panic, his bulbous fist striking me across the face. I tumble back, my jaw throbbing as blood fills my mouth, and I snarl at him.
I try to shake off the hit, but my eye begins to ache, and the vision grows fuzzy as I stand my ground. He hits me again, this time his fist colliding with my chest, a rib creaking from the impact as I stumble back, trying to catch my breath.
Hayes slides up next to me, chomping and snarling at the fucking thing. We are going to have to tag team this thing if we want to win. I lunge low, Hayes going high as I sink my teeth into the animal's leg, yanking as Hayes. topples him from the shoulder. The troll goes down and we hop on top of him, our claws slicing through his thick. hide, blood oozing from him.
He lets out a horrible screech and the ground rumbles beneath us. I stand up, moving back as I witness two others just like this one staring at us. Anger fills the area and I hiss at Hayes, who looks up.
He sidles up next to me and we realize this is the one and only time in our life we may have to run from a fight. We sprint to the right, the only opening there is, and the further we go, the more I realize how fucked we are.
They have led us right back into the trap. My lycan fights to stay in the forefront but loses as I shift back into my human form, and Hayes does the same.
"Shit shit shit," He mutters, hands on his head.
"Calm yourself," I murmur. "We will be fine."
"My mate is a fucking lycan zombie bitch, and you hit her!" He roars, shoving me. I snap at him, glowering in his "direction.
"Get your shit together. I knocked her out, so we didn't have to kill her. And if you want to go make sure she is safe, you need to focus on fucking staying alive."
He takes a deep breath, looking around as the ground shakes, the fucking beasts getting closer and closer by the damn second. I search where we are, no fucking clue which way is up, and I think about Colette.
What will happen to her if I am gone? When she feels the bond break, if I die, she will come running and they will
2/3
Chapter 48
have her. That won't fucking happen. Not if there is a single breath left in my body.
"You go back and get Penny and Percy. Maybe Caspian will have someone he can spare, too." I tell Hayes.
I
"Over my dead fucking body, will I leave you alone out here?" He yells.
T

15
"That is an order, beta. You will go back and bring reinforcements. I am ordering you to leave me," I hiss and he winces, trying to fight the order. "If you want me to live, you better get your ass moving." He looks like he wants to cry as he turns and sprints off. The second he gets away from this area, his lycan will come back and he will haul ass. I only have to hold off for half an hour. I may be able to do that, but then again... without my lycan, I am not nearly as lethal. My strength remains, and my agility too, but my razor-sharp teeth and claws won't be on the board anymore.
The beasts finally arrive, and they don't slow down as the barrel toward me, trying to run me under. They tower over me now by at least three feet. I find a sharp rock as I slide under an oncoming plundering fist, and hammer it twice into one's leg.
The beast seems unphased as it kicks at me, striking me in the chest as I fly into a tree with a thud. I wheeze, standing as fast as I can before I dodge to the left, stumble between trees, using them to help hide myself.
All I can do now is play cat and mouse. And for the first time in my life, I'm the mouse.
3/3
###Chapter 49
Chapter 49
'Colette"
I stare out the window that I know is facing the opposite way that Merikh went. My stomach aches fiercely, my instincts telling me I need to go after him, but I push them away, knowing that I'm just anxious that he is no longer at my side.
Penny warned me that the bond may be stretched too far for me to feel at times, though Percy chimed in to remind me it's likely that Merikh will also bury the bond. In order for me to not panic, if he finds something, he will likely close me out. Which seems far too like him.
"He is the lycan king," Penny reminds me. I roll may eyes and chuckle, trying to hide the nerves that twist and turn in my stomach, making me queasy with every passing second. "When you tell me lycans are immortal, I will stop worrying." I tell her with a nervous smile and she frowns, reaching out to rub my arm before she bites her lip and looks at her brother. "Do you maybe want to go to the kitchen?" She whispers. I furrow my brows, confused by her suggestion, considering we have a mountain of snacks that was just delivered. "Penny, we are not leaving this room." Percy clips out and she frowns.
"Being trapped in a room is not helping her anxiety, Perc." She tells him and he presses his lips together. "Plus, Alpha didn't say she had to remain here, only that we have to remain at her side.” Percy stands, pacing over to us at the window as he pulls aside the curtain and looks outside for a moment. Then he releases a long breath and looks directly at me. It's strange to see how much he has changed, the way he went from excited young gamma to a seasoned protector in what seems like such a short time.
"Would it put your mind at ease to be closer to where he is, to watch for him as he comes back?" He asks, arching a brow.
I wrestle with the question. The only thing that will ease my mind is seeing and touching Merikh. Mad at him or not, I want him next to me so I can choose to ignore him while being with him. I want to be as close as I can sol can lay eyes on him as soon as humanly possible.
"Yes," I nod and he seems to accept my request as he nods and looks at Penny.
1/5
Chapter 49
"To the kitchen it is." He says, but I can tell he isn't too pleased as he walks to the door and holds it open for us. "Actually, no. No, it's a bad idea-" he grits, rolling his head like he is trying to crack his neck. "Percy," I call out to him and he looks at me, a panic growing in his eyes as sweat beads on his brow. "Are you okay?" I ask as I watch his jaw tick and he shakes his head.
"Yes, Luna." he breathes, his eyes closing.
"Tell the truth." Penny insists, "There is something wrong."
Percy shuts the door, his face looking down at the carpet as he exhales. Then he drags a hand through his hair like he is contemplating how to put into words what is weighing so heavily on him. Then he lifts his gaze, his eyes bouncing between Penny and me, a bright red flickering in and out.
"Something is wrong," He pants, taking a step into the room. The room spins, feeling smaller by the second as I watch my sweet friend and gamma fight the magical hold of whatever asshole has been plaguing us for far too long.
"What do you mean?" Penny asks, "What's wrong?"
Her eyes meet mine, the same fear in hers as in my heart, and she steps closer to him, placing herself between us, ready to fight her own blood to protect her Luna. My stomach twists, my chest tightening as my anger at the situation grows deeper.
"I am compromised," he hisses. Percy's already pale face grows more pale as he shakes his head. “I feel off, like I'm not in complete control. There is a voice in my head, whispering things, things I shouldn't have in my head and I can't...something is wrong with me."
"Penny..." I whisper, taking her hand in mine, "I need you to restrain Percy and put him in the bathroom."
"A sick cackle breaks through the room, bouncing off the walls in a near shrill tone. The hairs on my body raise in awareness and fear as Percy looks like he is being possessed. A sinister grin breaks over his lips, revealing his white teeth, his hair now slick with sweat as he groans and drops to his knees.
"Do it now!" He cries out as if he is in agony. Penny lunges forward, yanking him to the bathroom. As they pass me, he lurches in my direction, his eyes fully read, and zombie-like.
"Luna, I need something to restrain him with,” she calls from the bathroom.
2/5
02025% 12:05
Chapter 49
Shit, shit, shit. Do I even have anything to tie someone up? Tape? Rope? Unlikely. But I search anyway. I tear the room apart, ripping through drawers and the closet like a made man. I find two belts, and hope it's enough to hold him, even if it's just long enough to get Caspian and find something more suitable.
I trip rushing from the closet, rolling with a pained grunt as I scramble on the floor before finding my footing and pounding on the door. There is no response. Only silence and my heart burns, dread settling in my bones before I pound again.
"Penny!" I shriek, my voice an octave higher than my usual.
"Bring it in here," she says, sounding weak. My hand shakes as I reach out for the doorknob and cautiously push it open. My eyes tear up when I see Percy on the ground struggling under Penny, who has his arm twisted in such a way that he can't even lift his face without hissing in pain.
"This is all I could find," I say, handing her the belts. She frowns and shakes her head.
"Shit. This isn't going to hold him." She mutters.
"Pen..." Percy's voice is strained and full of pain as he shudders. "You have to get her out of here."
"No," I growl, refusing to leave him. The last time I did, he was attacked and clearly compromised. They ruined his body and hurt him, and now they have a hold of his mind and I won't let them win.
I rush to him, Penny fighting with him as he struggles, tears running down her cheeks. I drop to my knees, hesitating for only a moment before I reach out and grab his face, making sure I meet his eyes. "You will fight this, Percy." I growl out, putting everything I have into trying to see if I have a voice that can command others like Merikh. His eyes fall closed and they blink back open, his lycan black eyes coming forward before morphing back into their usual color.
"Luna..." He rasps out. "Th-they want to talk to you."
His throat bobs, his eyes rolling back into his head like he is fainting before they pop back. They don't change color, nor does he try to fight against Penny, who is quietly crying and holding him.
I stand and take a deep breath, preparing myself for whatever lies these assholes are going to spew through my friend. Then I look at Penny.
"I am listening," I tell him, squaring my shoulders. "And then kick their asses out of your head. That's an order,
3/5
Chapter 49
gamma."
57
Penny gets off of him, stepping to me in a protective stance. She is ready for anything, but I can tell that she feels
I her twin is strong enough to shake these dicks the second he allows them to deliver their message. If she didn't, she would have remained where she was.
He pushes himself to his knees, panting as his eyes quivers and go red. He finds me, a creepy emptiness taking over his entire demeanor, as his head falls to the side, taking me in. Then a smile creeps over his lips.
"You are stronger." Percy says, his voice melding with another that is not his own.
"And you are getting more desperate," I retort. A cackle breaks from his lips, making Penny shudder. I touch her shoulder, knowing this can't be easy for her to see.
"Oh, not as desperate as you are about to be, Luna Letty." He drawls out with the melded voice. My spin tingles, my skin prickling, and I can feel it. The fear that isn't mind creeping in and up my spine. Merikh was blocking his side of the bond, but I didn't think to block mine from him.
"Just tell me what you have to say." I hiss, my patience gone.
"Your mom would love to meet you," the voice says in a voice too happy to be truthful.
"My mother is dead," I grit out.
"Is she?" They ask and my blood grows cold. I try to reach out to Merikh, needing to feel him, to verify the emotions I am feeling so strongly are only mine, not his..
"Enough of your games," Penny hisses.
"This is no game. No, we are too busy playing with your alpha to need any other entertainment."
"What?" The word falls from my lips, the breath in my lungs whooshing from me. "If you touch him, I will kill you."
"You have to find us first, Luna. And even your siren father has failed to figure us out yet," Percy's possessed mouth says before he gags and crawls to the toilet, vomiting violently.
I spin on my heels, racing for the door, Penny hot on my trail as I break out the bedroom door and down the hall. I can hear voices calling out to me as I sprint out the backdoor, my bare feet padding over the soft grass.
4/5
Chapter 49
"Colette!" I hear my father screaming my name behind me, but I can't stop, can't even pause to beg for help as I follow my heart, hoping it will lead me where I need to go.
-Merikh! I scream through the mindlink, knowing the emotions were his and not just my own. He is in trouble. Every fiber in my body can feel it, my wolf can sense it. But yet, he doesn't respond. "Luna! Please!" Penny calls out behind me.
I can hear her catching up to me just as I look up and I see it. A large Lycan in the distance racing toward us and my heart skips a beat until I realize it's smaller than Merikh. Then I feel him, my mind link flooded with love, masking the other emotions as I try to make sense of what the hell is happening.
-Do not come. Stay with your father-He says, but the distress in his voice betrays him, which means I sure as shit don't have to obey.-Promise me you will stay with Caspian-
-I promise-I shoot back at him and then I slow down, looking for my dad who catches up to me, looking concerned.
"You are coming with me," I tell him, grabbing his hand and dragging him with me as I run.
"Where are we going?" He asks.
"To save my mate."
5/5
###Chapter 50
"Hayes!" I call out, running toward him. "Where is he?"
He shifts back into his human form, looking past me to Penny as he waves to her to come to him.
"I have to get back to him. Where is Percy? I need both he and Penny." He rushes out. There is a frantic nature to the way he searches for the two of them, as he tries to be respectful of me while trying to get around me.
"Percy isn't well enough to go anywhere." I tell him, not really wanting to get into the details right now.
"Fuck." He growls both hands in his head as panic overwhelms him.
"I will go in his place," I offer and he shakes his head like it's the craziest thing he has ever heard in his life.
"No. You have to go back and-"
"And what? Cower and wait in the room and hope nothing terrible happens? No!" I growl, cutting him off. "I will absolutely NOT be doing that. There is no stopping me. You are taking my protection, besides I will only follow you if you try to leave me."
Hayes frowns and drags a hand down his face before he nods.
"I don't have time to argue," he grits out as Penny rushes toward him. "But I am begging you to stay, Luna. Please." he says, looking at me.
"Not a chance in hell." I tell him.
I know I am being difficult, but damn it, if the jerk controlling all these wolves wants me, they can have me as long as they don't hurt Merikh. Whoever this is, whatever they want to do with me, I know Merikh can figure out a way to fix it, but only if he is alive and safe.
"Colette..." Caspian's voice is wary as he looks at me and I push past Hayes, running in the direction he came from.
"This way, right?" I ask, breaking into a run and I hear them arguing behind me, then I hear them running. Penny and Hayes break into their Lycan form. I shift into my wolf and my father...well hopeful he left his sea legs in the mansion because he is going to have to keep up.
The entire time I run, my heart is in my throat, every stride feels too short and every second too long. What happened? What can I expect to walk into? I have nothing and know nothing about what I am walking into. There wasn't any time to waste. Merikh needs help now, not after a quick debrief or an argument where I would just end up coming, anyway.
I glance over my shoulder, shocked that my dad, though always behind us, is maintaining a decent pace and keeping us in view. I don't know how long we run. It feels like hours until my wolf suddenly whimpers and I trip, tumbling over as I turn into my human form. I look to the side, seeing Penny, who looks at herself in shock and meets my eyes.
"My lycan is gone, she...retreated." she says, looking at Hayes in shock.
"Then we are close." He mutters, going on alert. He scans the woods, both he and Penny slightly crouched, ready for any attack.
Capsian finally catches up to us, giving me a confused look as he throws clothing at me and Penny. And a pair of shorts at Hayes. Not that I care about my naked state right now. I have more pressing issues. Like a Lycan King who is missing and in grave danger. But I slip into my shirt and shorts quickly.
"What are we looking for?" Penny whispers and Hayes takes a step forward.
"We aren't necessarily looking, we are listening, so shut up," he snaps and I strain my ears, trying to hear what I can even without my werewolf powers.
My body hums, my craving for water and the calm of it growing. It's like I can feel it beneath me, the source of life from the water and all it brings. I can hear it as it trickles through the roots of the trees and feeds the leaves. The water isn't just around me, it's inside of me, making me feel like I am weightless and nothing can touch me. It's overwhelming.
"Caspian..." I whisper, feeling like it's too much.
My body feels like it's throbbing. Like waves ebbing at the sand beach shore. He is next to me in a second and I look up at him, hoping for answers. He frowns as he takes my hand, keeping me steady. "Without your wolf you are simply a siren princess." He whispers. "It can be a lot to be able to feel the water everywhere it is. You will grow accustomed to it in a moment."
"Are you sure?" I ask him, fear in my voice.
I am here to find Merikh, and instead of focusing on that all I can do is think about fucking water. Where it's at, where it's going. Then I feel the water quiver. Like a ripple in a calm lake. I freeze, my head snapping to my right along with Caspian's.
"That way," He tells Hayes and Penny, who turn and look at him funny.
"They were heading this way when I left him." Hayes says, looking skeptical.
"He is right. I can feel it too. Something big is that way."
"Then that is where Merikh is." Hayes straightens his shoulders and looks at Penny, then the rest of us, before he breaks into a run.
We follow suit, the quivering growing
7.ne
stronger, beating in time with my frantic heartbeat. My stomach falls and I come to an abrupt halt when see the massive thing throw an enormous balled up fist, striking Merikh across the face. He flies into a tree, his body thudding as he tumbles to the base, and then he rolls out of the way of the incoming foot from another of the beasts.
Hayes lets out a war cry as he launches himself onto the back of one, trying to stomp on his brother, and Penny distracts the other. Merikh stands, hobbling as he winces, but he sizes up the beasts ready to jump in where he is needed.
"What the hell are those?" I ask Caspian, who gapes at what he is witnessing.
"I...don't know." He admits. "They kind of look like trolls..."
"Trolls?" I hiss at him and he frowns. "Those are real too?"
"No." He says like he is in deep thought. "No, I've never known those to be a real species and yet...here they are."
I squeal as Hayes flies in our direction, landing at my feet with a pained groan. He looks up at me, but quickly stands rushing back in as my eyes find Merikh, frozen in place, as he blinks at me in utter shock. He looks awful. Blood is dripping from his hairline and just to the far side of his eye, dripping down to his shoulder. He is riddled with deep bruises, already taking form over his physique.
I take a step toward him. My body feels light, like I'm in a dream that none of this is real. How can it be? These beasts aren't supposed to exist and Merikh is a Lycan with no lycan to fight with or heal him. "Stay there," he growls at me, anger taking over his face as he stalks toward me.
Then, out of nowhere, a third troll like thing grabs him by his ankle and Merikh is lifted and hammered into the ground like a rag doll. I gasp when he crunches into the leaf covered dirt, tears in my eyes, my body jolting as though the hit is a direct strike to my very core.
The beast lifts him again and my body grows warm, a flame of anger raging inside me as I stare at Merikh who, though conscious and trying to free himself, hangs.
His left forearm is bent awkwardly and I can see how his leg seems to look segmented, like the only thing holding it together is the muscles and flesh that could tear at any moment.
"Drop him." I growl, my chest aching in fear as I look at Merikh.
He gives me a determined look, like he is trying to tell me he's got this, but I am sick of sitting around and waiting to be rescued. I am tired of constantly hiding who I am, who I have always been. I'm over being cut off from the part of me I was always meant to know.
The troll blinks at me, red eyes
zeroing on my location and I suck in
a deep breath, before dropping to my knee and resting my hands on the grass. The water heeds me. It wants to do my bidding as I try to summon it. I don't know what I can do, or if I can manage to pull off what I want to, but if in my desperation I fail, then I at least gave Merikh a distraction.
"Now!" I hiss, looking up at the troll, who seems to focus on me. The other two stop fighting, turning to look at me like a statue as Penny and Hayes rush to Merikh and try to pry him free.
"I knew you would come for him,"
the same voice as early emanates from all three creatures, and I find that my anger only grows. I am sick of being played, of people
manipulating me and thinking!.!
am
too meek to fight back. This person thinks they know what I am? They don't have a fucking clue. 
"Fuck you!" I shout as a spout of water shoots from under one of the trolls. It flies into the air, not a sound coming from it as it falls back to the ground, crashing through branches and colliding with the hard earth. The water continues to spray like a geyser, wetting everything around us.
"Oh, the Princess has some skills. How fu-" They say as a spout strikes one in the face and the other grows a bubble around its head, suffocating it and forcing it to release Merikh who scrambles away. Hayes and Penny help him up, bringing him to us.
Water rains down, my body relishing the feel, absorbing as much as I can until I slowly feel the power of it leaching from me. The connection with the water around me slowly dissipates and after a minute, I look up, watching as the trolls morph into a human form, laying on the ground.
A hand grabs mine, and I am whipped around to look up at Merikh. My hand flies up, pushing his hair away as I witness his cut stitching itself up, and I realize the magic is gone. Whatever spell was used here has melted away with the water. His healing abilities are back.
"I gave you one order." He growls, his voice filled with anger, and all I can do is smile. He is safe, hurt and tricked, but damn it, he is safe. "You promised me."
"I kept my promise." I remind him, stepping into his body, his arms wrapping around me no matter how mad he is. "See? I stayed with Caspian. Or rather, he stayed with me."
###Chapter 51
"When did you become a smartass?" Merikh asks with a frown, but I see the glimmer in his eye. The one that says he is amused even if he is still upset with me for coming when he demanded I not.
"I've been taking lessons from Penny and Percy." I say with a smirk, the mention of my sick gamma bringing me back to the reality of our situation as abruptly as someone flicking on the light in the dark. Merikh is injured and not just a little bit. He hasn't even tried to move his arm that looks to be broken and he isn't putting any weight on his other leg. Not to mention all the blood and bruises over his exposed chest and abdomen. My hands shake and my eyes water as I reach out to touch him, so afraid of causing him more pain.
"Where is Percy anyway?" He asks like he is in no pain, but when I press my icy fingers to his heated flesh, he hisses.
I flinch, pulling my hands back in shock, and he grabs my hand with his good arm and drags me closer. My eyes meet his and my mouth goes dry, the world falling away around us as he places my fingers over his heart and then removes his hand to wrap his arm around me as he pulls me close.
"Your touch is the only thing that doesn't hurt me," he whispers, leaning down and rubbing his stubbled cheek against my smooth skin. My eyes fall closed, craving his touch, my skin needing the contact just as much as his.
"Merikh..." Hayes says behind us, the uncertainty and quiver in his voice one that puts me on alert and I pull back, looking at him. His eyes are focused on his older brother, a plea within them as he seems to dance between his two feet. He reminds me of an anxious child waiting for permission to use the bathroom at school.
"Go," Merikh says with a nod. Hayes spins on cue, sprinting through the trees like he was just given an alphas order he can't resist. "Where is Percy?" He then asks again. Penny clears her throat and straightens her shoulders.
"He is locked in the bathroom." She says. He looks down at me, confused, and then back at her.
"Which bathroom?" he asks.
"Ours," I say. He seems to think for a moment before he nods and sighs heavily.
"Good. At least we know where he is. We need to get back to the mansion." He says, groaning as he limps past me, his hand latching onto mine, tugging me along beside him. "Should you be moving?" I ask him and he chuckles. "Maybe you should lie down for a bit?"
"In war, staying still will kill you. Moving is the only option."
"But you are injured." I say, shocked.
"Correct, injured, but not dead or dying. Which means we need to move." He says, taking another step forward.
Caspian moves to his other side, sliding Merikh's arm over his shoulder as he provides stability. Merikh groans as they take a step forward, and then another me at his other side, holding his hand. "My arm and leg will be mostly healed by the time we make it back," he assures me.
"Can we discuss what the hell happened now?" Caspian asks, anger and concern in his voice.
"They were expecting us. We were ambushed." Merikh explains as he hobbles along with my father. Penny falls in behind us, and I look over my shoulder at her, only for her to give me an encouraging smile. "Who ambushed you?" Caspian asks, and Merikh scoffs.
"The fucking red-eyed dickheads, only this time they brought a whole other species."
"You were only supposed to be looking around," my dad says with a frown. "Not fighting." Merikh sighs heavily and shakes his head.
"We made it to this area and realized our lycans were being repressed somehow. That is when we turned back and ran into a group of red-eyed wolves. They were easy enough to defeat and then the fucking trolls came in and we had to run. They drove us to where we would be at our weakest."
"That is why you sent Hayes for reinforcements." I say on a breath and he nods.
"Yeah, though he was supposed to bring Percy and not you," he grumbles, frustrated. "He will have to answer for that once we get back."
He grumbles along with Caspian for a moment about Hayes and how he is too distracted and obviously in a panic and though I am interested in why he thinks that. I can't let Hayes get in trouble for my decision. He isn't my keeper, nor is he able to control me.
"I refused to stay back." I tell him truthfully. "Hayes told me to stay, and I told him no," I say with a shrug, not caring if Merikh gets mad about it. He left me and swore he would come back when everything I witnessed pointed to him, likely not coming back at all.
Merikh frowns as he hobbles along with my father.
"Yeah, too bad for him. That doesn't negate the fact that he put his Luna in harm's way." He says.
"He didn't. I wasn't safe there," I scoff. "You left me and then I felt your distress. When we tried to leave, Percy told me I was no longer safe."
"At least he is smart," Merikh scoffs.
I stop walking, indigent that he is being such a hard ass right now about me coming to help. I may be weaker and still training to fight, but damn it, I actually did something. When all he could do was be a rag doll, I was able to save him. Me. Not Hayes or Penny or even Caspian. It was me.
"You are lucky I can look past my anger and still come to save your stubborn ass." I growl.
Merikh sighs and stops, leaning heavily on Caspian as he looks at me with annoyance.
"No, you are lucky they didn't capture you. You walked right out into the enemy's territory and didn't think twice." He shouts.
"Your life was on the line." I growl. "I will never think twice when it comes to ensuring you come back alive. Plus, the enemy was hanging out in my room all along. You ran off and left me with them." I hiss, stepping into his space, glaring up at him, enjoying the glimmer of confusion I see in his eyes.
"What?" He says, confused, looking between me and Penny. "What do you mean, it was hanging out in your room?"
"Percy is compromised." Penny whispers. Merikh's eyes snap to her, wide and full of alarm.
"What the fuck do you mean?" he demands and Penny looks at me, begging me to explain. "They got to Percy."
"Got to him how?" he grits out and I can see the way his chest heaves as he waits for more details.
"He is red-eyed." I tell him, and he seems to stumble a little into Caspian.
"Fuck,"
"Yeah, that's how we felt," I mutter.
"We need to get back." He says suddenly, a look of determination set on his brows. He hobbles, Caspian moving with him as he looks over his shoulder at Penny and me. "Now."
We walk in silence, the speed steady, though slow, and I can sense his growing irritation with every passing minute. Then he stops abruptly with an annoyed growl and looks at me.
"This is just wasting time. Switch spots with Caspian." He demands of me, racing out and pulling me to him.
"Why?" I ask.
"Penny and Caspian, you need to get back as fast as you can. If Percy is compromised, they can make him do anything they want, including attacking other council members to prove their point that we are dangerous and need to be eliminated."
"Merikh..." I call to him, but he ignores me as I try to speak.
He talks over me, discussing things with Penny as my dad steps away and urges me next to Merikh. Before I can even try to get a word in, the two are sprinting off, leaving with Merikh. I look up at him, frustrated that he didn't give me the chance to explain anything to him
before he took charge and just
pushed me to the wayside.
"Percy is taken care of." I grit out, finally getting his attention. He furrows his brows, confused.
"Locking him in a bathroom is hardly taken care of. You don't think he knows how to break down a door or open a damn window?" He scoffs.
"Merikh..." I say slowly, stepping away from him so he can see just how angry I am with him. "Do you think I am dumb?"
He groans as he exhales deeply and shakes his head.
"Of course not," he says.
"Oh? Then why do you assume we just closed the door and left him?" I arch a brow. "You didn't think to ask what transpired. You just panicked and sent them away without so much as thinking that maybe I had it covered."
"Covered how?" He asks.
"I commanded him, as his Luna. They wanted to speak with me through him, so I let them say their piece and I demanded he kick them out of his head." I tell him, my anger morphing to pride as I stand up for myself and show Merikh I'm not the empty-headed woman he seems to think I am right now.
"Colette," he sighs, limping toward
me as he grabs the back of my neck and presses a tender kiss to my forehead. You are stunning, and incredibly smart. But a Luna's
command is not absolute like el.ne
Alpha's. It carries wethere
is a real possibility that Percy is not going to have the strength to follow your order." 
I blink at him.
"I have faith in my Gamma." I tell him, "Just like you should have more faith in your Luna."
"I have complete faith in you." He whispers, the truth clear in the way he looks at me, the tingle of his skin on mine and through the mind link. Then he uses his finger to lift my chin as he dips low and kisses me sweetly before pulling away.
"A kiss won't make me less angry," I pout and he cups my face, looking into me.
"I am not used to being afraid,
Colette. And since the second you came into my life, I have felt nothing but fear and anxiety over losing you at any moment. I know you are not dumb, and I am sorry I made you feel that way. You have to understand, to them, you are a weapon. If they have you they have complete control over the Lycans and the Sirens." He says with a soft frown. 
"You control the Lycans and werewolves, Merikh. Not me." I remind him, trying not to be swooned by his sweet words.
He shakes his head like I am missing something important.
"You just don't seem to get it." he looks away and releases a shaky breath.
"Get what?" I ask with a frown.
"If they have you, they control me. I would kill any species they asked me to if I knew it meant you were safe, and I would sleep soundly at night, knowing you were okay." he swallows roughly. "Colette, you are my only weakness, my heart and soul living outside of my body, and they have a target on you. It makes me fucking irrational and panicky. When I ask you to do something, it's not because I doubt you. It's purely selfish, so I can keep you with me, always. I need you safe, so I can be sane."
"Okay..." I whisper, my lips brushing over his as the air feels thin. I am high on him, on the way he makes me feel exactly what he says he feels. "I promise I will do what you say."
"Mmm, that's my good little luna." He rasps before he kisses me hard and breaks away. "Now let's get back. I would like to thank you for saving me..."
He gives me a wry grin, and I bite back a small smile, nodding in agreement.
###Chapter 52
Merikh was right. As we approach the mansion, he no longer needs me to help him walk. Our hands are threaded together by our fingers, my skin prickling as we walk closer to the quiet building. There is a fog that has settled around the garden and the rolling green grass. My wolf pacing within me, ready to jump out at any moment to prove her worth.
"It feels wrong..." I whisper to Merikh, who pulls me closer. I can see how tired he is, the quick healing from his lycan taking a toll on his energy. He needs to sleep, and to eat something.
"What do you mean?" he asks, worry on his brow as he glances down at me.
"You can't feel that?" I ask him, "It feels...I don't know."
"Tense," He finishes for me. "The enemy is here, in this mansion, and they know we are aware of them. And those not involved...well they are about to be, whether they like it or not."
We walk cautiously, then I see Hayes pacing back and forth, his hands in his hair as he lifts his head and spots us. He rushes over, panic written all over his face, and my stomach falls. Something has happened, something terrible.
"Is it Percy?" I ask, sounding small, feeling small.
Here I had been so sure that my order would work long enough to keep him safe. Had I been that far off? Did he hurt himself or worse, what if he couldn't get them out of his head so he took drastic measures? What if he...my heart stutters and my mouth goes dry with the thought, tears stinging my eyes.
"He was unconscious when we all got back," Hayes tells me before turning to Merikh. "But he is okay for now."
"And your mate?" Merikh asks, my eyes going wide as I look between the two brothers, shocked.
"Mate?" I ask and Hayes nods, a grim look on his face.
"Her name is Leandra. She is a Lycan." Hayes says and Merikh processes what he says. It looks like a silent conversation passes between them before Merikh seems to nod in understanding. "Is she a rogue?" He asks and Hayes shrugs.
"It was hard enough getting her name from her, but she doesn't smell like a rogue, so I don't think so," He admits. "She won't see me. She-uh...she says she has a chosen mate instead."
Hayes looks broken, his eyes filled with tears as he clears his throat and tries to remain in control of his emotions. His heart is being torn to shreds, and there is nothing anyone can do about it. "We will speak with her." Merikh says, reaching out and tugging his hesitant brother in for a hug. "Things will be fine, Hayes. She has been through a lot, I imagine. Let's first get her taken care of so she can feel like she has control over her own thoughts again. One thing at a time, brother."
"I spoke with the elders, watching over the pack in our absence."
"And?" Merikh looks alarmed.
"There has been no activity, no red-eyed wolves, no attacks, nothing." Hayes says, and Merikh nods.
"That is either great news or terrible news," He mutters. I squeeze his hand.
"Anything else happening?" I ask Hayes, who gives me a curious look.
"You feel it too, then?" he asks.
I chew the inside of my cheek, trying to put into words it is what I'm even feeling. Tense? Uneasy? Worried? It could be any number of things easily equatable to emotions running high or just finally being so exhausted from an eventful evening into the night.
"Wait, you feel off too?" Merikh asks, looking worried between us, and Hayes shakes his head.
"No, but Caspian mentioned it when he checked in on Leandra. He says it feels like a storm is blowing in, but I don't think he meant the kind of storm that weather brings."
"Yeah, something feels off. I just can't put my finger on it," I admit, looking around.
I have no idea what I am searching for. Maybe I'm looking for answers or maybe I am hopeful I will catch someone spying on us that will give us a single clue into who is behind all of this. I shiver at the thought of being watched and Merikh frowns down at me.
"Let's get inside. I need to get cleaned up and you need sleep." He tells me.
"I will watch your room tonight so you both can sleep. Penny will be on you tomorrow, so I can sleep during the day." Hayes says and Merikh shakes his head.
"You need to be with your mate," Merikh tells him, but Hayes sighs and shakes his head.
"No, she has asked for space. I need to give her that space."
Merikh gives him a soft smile before leading me to the door, Hayes along with us as we enter in silence. I can hear Florence giggling down the hall, along with a deeper voice chatting and I already know she is with her current best friend Johannes.
I slide a glance up to Merikh who is still bruised and covered in blood, wishing there was another way to our room where we wouldn't run into these two, but there isn't.
Merikh tugs me under his arm, the
warmth of him and the sparks of the bond fluttering through me reminding me I am safe whenever am with him. Florence doesn't even take notice until Johannes snaps his head in our direction as we pass the room where they are hanging out twitch the door wide open. I meet his eyes that are wide in shock and his lips mouth the word 'blood'.
He moves in a blur. One second he is sitting and the next he is in front of us, snuffing the air and tilting his head as he looks over Merikh. I expected to find joy there, a sick sense of glee at Merikh's state, but instead, I find curiosity.
"What in the dickens happened to you?" He asks, looking Merikh up and down.
"Move." Merikh bites out, his mood shifting into protective mode as he steps in front of me. Johannes looks at Hayes behind me and must see something he doesn't like and be puts his hands up in defeat, licking his teeth before he steps aside. He flits his eyes over me before he rolls
them. 
FindNovel.net
"I really thought I would be the one to kick your ass." He says as we pass him, Merikh's muscles tense, but he doesn't stop, he clenches his jaw and looks down at me, then a soft smile spreads over his lips and he drops a kiss to my head.
"You're welcome, by the way." Johannes hollers behind us, but Merikh keeps us walking. "What? No thanks for saving your ginger Gamma?"
I freeze in my tracks, my face heating and panic brewing in my stomach. I whip my head around, facing Johannes, who is wearing a smirk.
"Poor fool was stumbling down the hallway, pounding his head into the wall." Bile rises and my heart sinks.
"Did you hurt him?" I ask, trying to keep the emotion out of my voice, but he sees past my false show.
"I knocked him out and dragged him to the healers." He says with a frown. "I had the opportunity to kill him, but I didn't,"
"And you want us to thank you for not killing him?" Merikh lifts a brow.
"Your gamma was ready to kill himself to fight whatever demons he claimed were in his head. I figured knocked out was better than dead." he snarks, "You're welcome," he says with a glare and a small smirk tugging hi lips up.
"Demons in his head?" I ask, feigning confusion.
I know what was in his head, what they want and their motives. But does Johannes? Not that he would outright admit it, but I think the fool is cocky enough to drop hints if he was a part of what is happening. "Yeah, he kept saying there were demons and voices in his head. Wrestling with his inner demons or something to that effect. I have heard many humans use that phrase in my lifetime." He shrugs, waving his hand like it's not a big deal.
"And you helped him?" I ask and Johannes groans like he is annoyed. Clearly, he came out to get a rise out of us, but now that he is being interrogated, I can only assume he is now officially bored with us. "I hate your kind, but my problem is specifically with you, Merikh. Not some little Gamma who would hardly be satisfying to kill. So yes, I helped him.”
"How very kind of you, Hayes," clips out. I look at the two burly men bristling behind me, ready to go for another round if they could and I sigh. Tired of fighting, planning and plotting, at least for right now. "Thank you, Johannes." I say sincerely, giving him a soft, sincere smile. Then I turn, grabbing Merikh and Hayes and dragging them down the hall.
"Did you seriously thank that fucker?" Merikh growls, low in his anger felt through the mindlink, sending shivers through my spine.
"One of us had to act like our status," I say with a teasing brow. He bites back a smile, his anger filtering away as he sighs in defeat.
We make our way back to the room,
Hayes entering first and making sure the room is clear before he exits and gives us a nod. Merikh ushers me in first before stopping to have a quick discussion with Hayes so I head to the bathroom, starting the water for Merikh and grabbing him a towel and a change of clothing. I head out when I hear the door close behind him and he
saunters over to me. Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
"Ezrah stopped by. An emergency council meeting is happening in the morning," he says, cupping my cheeks before he takes my lips in a gentle, loving kiss.
"Mmm, then we should get some sleep." I tell him with a smile. "After you shower."
"Oh, you mean we," he smiles coyly. "You stink too, my little luna."
I scoff as he kisses me again and spins me around, pushing me to the bathroom. I freeze when I see the mirror, my hands shaking, and I watch as Merikh's reflection sees it too.
It wasn't there when I went into the bathroom, but the steam of the shower must have brought it to life, because on the mirror, as if written in a fog, is the word 'Burn'.
###Chapter 53
*Merikh*
I wrap my arms around Colette, holding her close as she struggles to control her heart rate. Her fear pours into me like a free flowing fall over a cliff so I lower my head, pressing my lips to her ear.
"It's Percy's writing." I whisper, but it doesn't make her less worried. She shakes in my embrace, and I press my lips to her skin, giving her a reassuring kiss and forcing my calm into the bond between us, trying to help her relax.
"Why would he write 'burn'?" She asks, finally waking from the shock. I move away from her, reaching out and wiping the word from the mirror with my hand before turning to look into her shocked face. "Either he was under their control, or maybe he is trying to warn us." I offer, stepping forward and wrapping her in a big embrace. Colette releases a heavy sigh but shakes her head. Then she leans into me, the steam still swirling around us in the bathroom.
"We should go see him." She says, spinning in my arms, looking up at me. Her eyes are filled with doubt and uncertainty. I reach out, stroking her cheek as I move hair from her face and I offer her a soft smile. "Percy will be out for a while. At least for the night." I tell her, and she frowns.
"How can you be sure?" She asks.
"If he wakes up, Penny is staying in the room with him, along with the healers. We will be informed. I promise, Colette."
She mulls over the information before looking over her shoulder and nodding that she is giving in. The hand writing isn't easy to determine as Percy's, but I remember the little pranks he would pull on Penny, the little notes he left on the bathroom mirror to make her paranoid that someone was watching her. This seems like a warning of what I can't quite tell, but burn could mean anything.
"I don't think I will be able to sleep." She mutters and I reach down, tugging at the hem of her shirt.
"I can think of ways to tire you out," I tease her, and she arches a brow.
"As tempting as that sounds, you truly do need a shower."
"Care to help me?" I ask, and she bites her lip nervously. Mated or not, this is still all very new to her. "I promise to be a gentleman."
She hesitates before she gently nods her head, giving me her approval. I remove my hand from her shirt, tracing them down her wrists and taking her hands and lifting them above her head.
Then I tug her top off, tossing it to the side. My heart is sounding in my ears, staring at her with her pink cheesy and lush breast on display. I hook my thumbs into her shorts, pushing them down to her ankles.
A shiver runs through her, and I step back, appreciating everything about her from her shy stance to her nervous energy. Then I strip my shorts off and place my hand out for her to take as I push open the glass door to the shower and bring us into the heated spray. She sighs on contact with the water, her eyes closing in relief as the droplets rain down over her.
I'm enraptured by the picture before me. Her chin tilted up for the water to roll over her face and down her chest. There is no looking away as a soft smile breaks over her lips and she reaches up, dragging her hands through her hair.
It's not until her perfect brown eyes open, watching me curiously, that I snap out of my trance. I instinctively wrap my hands around her, stepping closer to her as the water runs over my sore flesh. The water temperature surprises me and I hiss, trying to step away, but she clings to me, giggling.
"Don't be such a baby," she says with a teasing lilt in her tone.
"You are boiling me alive." I grimace and she presses her bare, wet chest to mine.
The stinging stops, my body tingling with the sensation of our bond, and I bite my lips, trying to force the moan away. The mate bond can do so much for a couple. From expediting healing, down to a dopamine hit.
"Let me help you," she whispers, as she steps around me, grabbing a bar of soap.
Her arms wrap around me from behind, her hands dragging up and down my check and stock with the soap before she presses a gentle kiss on my shoulder and slides around my front. She proceeds to scrub my entire torso and shoulders before setting the bar aside and moving me fully into the spray of water.
"Only washing my upper half?" I tease her and she again grows shy and shrugs. I sense her hesitation, her worry about what to do, how to please me or start without looking like a fool, and I chuckle. “Turn, I will wash your hair."
"But I was washing you." She insists, and I grab the soap.
"And you did wonderfully. Now, allow me to return the favor." I tell her as I lather my hands up.
I scrub her scalp, making her moan
with pleasure as she closes her eyes. I scrub her body with a loofah making sure to cover every inch of her, my hands following along, behind for good measure. Her eyes are on mine the moment I touch her collarbone, not once looking away from me. 
I glide over her skin, dropping sweet kisses along the way until I reach her waist. She waits for me to decide what to do as I drag it over her perky cheeks, pressing her just a touch closer to me. She gasps when I press into her soft stomach, but she doesn't seem shocked in the slightest. Then I spin her around and hold her close to me, cradling her as the water washes away the suds.
I itch to do so many things for her. The options are endless and the access open, but I promised to remain a gentleman. So begrudgingly, I will remain just that. Her head falls back onto my shoulder, her eyes closed.
"Do you think this could be our last pleasant moment together?" She whispers and I give her a squeeze, hating the thought process.
"Not a chance in hell." I whisper, pressing my lips to her cheek.
"How can you be so sure?" She asks. "I mean, they have trolls on their side."
She makes a solid point, but what she doesn't get is that trolls don't exist, especially not troll shifters. Which means those trolls, they are just someone being used by magic, like the red-eyed wolves. "What happened when you brought that water down on us?" I ask her, and I see the side of her little frown.
"I'm not really sure." She whispers.
"You washed away the magic spell." I tell her. "And what happened to the so-called trolls?"
"They turned into humans."
"Exactly."
"Wait...so they were just spelled? The area didn't allow you to transform, but it gave them the ability to." She whispers as she unravels it all. "But why water?" I mean, it could just have easily rained and would it have worked to wash it away? Not to
mention the trolls werently
transformed." 
FindNovel.net
I sigh, not sure how to answer that question as it's been one on my mind too. Why was the spell so easily dispersed? Then I remember that the person behind this all was talking to her, saying things through the troll before she got rid of them.
"What was the troll saying to you?" I ask her and she frowns up at me.
"The princess has some skill...” she murmurs, her eyes zoning out for a moment before she blinks herself back.
My stomach sinks, and I tuck her
into me closer. They knew who she was, that she was a hybrid and Caspian's daughter, but I have long wondered what took them so long to come after her. Why wait for her to be with me? Surely attacking her in her old pack would have been easier. Instead they attacked me, us.
"They wanted to see if I was truly a hybrid." She whispers, coming to the same realization as I have.
"And they want to see what kind of power you have." I finish for her and she shivers despite the hot water hammering over us.
"Now that they know...what will they do with me?" She whispers and I spin her to face me, reaching out and shutting off the water before I grab a fluffy towel and wrap it around her.
"They have to get you first, Colette. And that will be over my dead body."
###Chapter 54
C BA
Chapter 54
I hold Colette’s hand as we stop outside the double doors leading to the meeting room, I can feel her nerves through the mate bond, the fear she has for whatever is on the other side of the thick oak door. If things go like I think they will, she is about to be exposed, but hopefully that will come after we are back on the council.
“Are you ready for this?” I whisper, and she nods, biting her lip. I reach out, my hand at the nape of her neck as I pull her close, kissing the top of her head. Then I pull away, meeting her eyes as she looks up at me.
“I’m a little nervous.” She admits,
“There is no need to feel nervous, my little luna. Even if things don’t go how we hope, we will figure out another way to keep you and all of our kind safe.” I promise her. A small smile plays across her delicate lips.
“I trust you,” she whispers, and I feel my heart stutter. She trusts me. My hand reaches out, cupping her cheek as I stroke my thumb over her soft skin.
“And I trust you.” I tell her, forcing every ounce of that sincerity through the mate bond so she can feel it. Since Lauren, I have trusted very few people. Only those I have known for years and the one I trusted the most shares my blood. But this is different. Colette has done nothing but prove herself when she never should have had to.
I trust her. With my pack, my life, with my heart.
She smiles softly, leaning in to press a chaste kiss to my lips before she turns and pushes the door open.
Caspian sits at the head table. Pouring himself a glass of water. Florence and Johannes bicker in the corner, and Brent sits looking exhausted next to Elm. I notice two empty seats, watching them closely as I look at Elm, who gives me a courteous nod.
“Why are you two here?” Johannes scoffs, finally taking notice of our presence with a sneer on his face.
“I have invited them to sit in on this meeting, as it is important for their kind and their future,” Caspian says, sounding bored.
“Can we start then?” Florence whines. “This is so much earlier than our usual meetings, and I would like to head back to bed”
“Not everyone is here,” Elm reminds her and she rolls her eyes.
“My best guess is Giselle went back to her cave of riches and Joffrey is the flightiest Fairy there is, so he probably-”
“Is just late?” The tall thin fairy says, sounding amused. “If you haven’t noticed, Florence, I have had business to attend to for the majority of this month long session, but I do indeed come back for the important moments,”
“Oh wonderful,” Florence says, her eyes filled with lust as she licks her lips. Then she slides a glance to Colette, giving her a flirtatious wink.
“Has anyone seen Giselle?” Caspian asks and no one answers, all of them just looking around and shrugging.
Typical of the dragons, never on time.” Johannes chides.
The doors slam shut as a petite blonde woman stares at us, then finds her seat without a word. Caspian looks around once more before sitting forward, resting his elbows on the table before him.
First things first, he sighs. “Before we proceed, we have a vote to make and where I once was convinced this would be a swift and easy vote, I am no longer convinced.”
Oh? Did people change their minds?” Giselle asks, looking amused.
15:51 Fri, 17 May BG.
Chapter 54
36%
“I vote to reinstate Alpha Merikh and his kind back to the council.” Caspian says with authority. Giselle chuckles dryly and Johannes scoffs as I look around, assessing the others, searching for any blatant response that mind single out the a s s h o l e causing trouble.
“Why the sudden change of heart, Caspian?” Johannes asks skeptically before sliding an annoyed glance to Colette. “Did the lycan’s pretty luna woo you? A few nights with the luna and you change your vote?”
A growl erupts through my chest at the insinuation behind his words.
“I would never allow my mate to be used in such a way,” I grit through my teeth, Colette clutching to my hand as she tries to hold me back. I can feel her calm leaching into me through the mate bond and I try to let it overcome me.
“I can’t imagine any other reason his mind would change,” Johannes says with a smirk. I know what he is doing, what he is trying to showcase with his words, and I also know I shouldn’t be playing into it. But I will be d a m n e d if I let him make such suggestions about my mate.
“That is enough,” Caspian roars, slamming his fist on the table, his face red. My eyes snap to him as he silently “This is a vote, not a debate or trial.”
“I also vote to reinstate.” Elm says, speaking loudly to command the attention to him. He looks at Colette, who gives him an appreciative smile.
“I vote against it,” Johannes says, settling into his seat, a mischievous glint in his eyes as he grins.
“I vote against it as well,” Giselle says.
I look at her curiously, not that I am surprised by her response. But when her eyes meet mine, I find a challenge there just before she looks at her fairy neighbor expectantly. Joffrey clears his throat, looking around the room and then he trains his gaze on Colette as if he is trying to get a read on who she is and what she stands for. Then he clears his throat.
“I am usually big on second chances,” Joffrey says, leaning back in his chair. “But not this time. I vote No as well.”
“I vote for reinstatement.” Brent says, making everyone stare.
“What the hell did you just say?” Giselle asks, irrationally angry with him.
Brent gives her a confused, lifted brow before he crosses his arms over his chest. “I believe that makes the votes even.”
Everyone looks at Florence, who seems to preen with all the attention. She smiles sweetly at me, tossing a wink my way before Johannes shoots me a victorious smirk. Florence stands, making a show of her decision as she walks around the room, knowing the weight of her answer.
She stops in front of Colette, looking at her before she reaches out and tugs a strand of her hair. I hold my tongue and fight my lycans’ urge to rip her hands from her arm as she slides a smirk in my direction, clearly taunting me.
“Enough of the show, Florence.” Caspian groans, though I can see his unease just as well as I can feel my own bubbling in my chest, causing a stabbing pain in my side. If she votes no, there will be war over Colette’s existence, that is, if the person we are looking for chooses to expose it.
“Fine,” she rolls her eyes as she makes her way silently to her seat. “I vote…in favor of reinstating them.”
“WHAT?” Johannes roars as he stands, his chair flying out from under him, clattering to the floor. “You bit c h!”
“Oh hush, blood su k e r, I live for chaos and you are only feeding that for me,” she hisses at him as he sneers.
“This isn’t over,” Giselle scoffs.
“This topic is closed.” Caspian says, giving her a pointed look, and she rolls her eyes.
15:51 Fri, 17 May DG
Chapter 54
30%
“The hell it is! Do you truly think we can all make a decision without revealing why you have so quickly changed your mind on the matter?” Giselle asks, crossing her arms over her chest defiantly.
“I would like to know,” Joffrey says, sitting up in his chair.
“The reasoning is pointless now,” Caspian says quickly. “The voting is closed and Merikh and his kind are back on the council. It is done.”
“Wait, wait… There is a specific reason you all changed your vote?” Johannes asks, growing more irritated. Colette grips my hand and I am ready for anything, my lycan teeming just beneath the surface prepared to kill who we must in order to protect Colette.
“Merikh’s little mate is a Hybrid.” Giselle snaps out. “She shouldn’t even exist, and the best part? Caspian is her dear dad.”
All eyes skirt between Colette and Caspian, a varying degree of shock and curiosity as they come to terms with what she exposed. But I’m not focused on them, no I am focused on the a s h l e who just exposed herself to us.
And how exactly do you know that?” Elm asks, standing and coming to Colette’s other side in a show of protection. Giselle rolls her eyes.
“Because I was the one who hunted her down. A dragon never forgets the smell of her prey, and we don’t lose them.” She hisses, her eyes growing gold and her skin steaming. “I am curious about how you got away. Your mother wasn’t so lucky.”
###Chapter 55
Chapter 55
*Colette*
I fly from my seat, a roar of rage tearing from my once composed lips. She just openly admitted to killing my mother, to trying to kill me. My chest feels like it is cracking open and the anger in my body seems to supersede my size. I want revenge and answers. Merikh’s hand wraps around my shaking body as I glare at her, words failing me as I try to keep myself from breaking down.
“Woah, easy there little luna.” Merikh whispers in my ear. “Now is not the time,”
“Of course it is,” I growl at him and he hugs me to him tighter. “She killed my mother, Merikh.”
My voice breaks, making me sound young and broken as my lip quivers, my anger morphing into an aching sadness in my
chest.
Caspian frowns, his eyes skirting over me as I allow Merikh to calm my nerves. Then he turns a wild gaze to Giselle, staring her down with a ferocity that should be reserved for a battlefield.
“Giselle, I will ask you plainly, and you will answer me.” Caspian grits out the words and she gives him an amused smile. “Did you kill Melody?”
The room falls silent, the tension palpable, almost as intense as the urge for me to sink my teeth into her dragon flesh and tear until I make my way to her stony heart.
Giselle sighs heavily, rolling her eyes before she waves her hand in the air as if shooing a fly from her presence.
“It doesn’t really make a difference, does it?” She asks, “I mean, Johannes killed a wolf and yet there was no punishment. That woman was not protected under the council, so she was fair game.”
“She was my mate!” Caspian roars, “So you will answer the f u k i n g question, or I will drown the fire from your very core!”
“Mate?” Johannes asks, his eyes growing wide as I look at him, his shocked expression surprising me.
“Did you claim her as your mate? Was she the queen of the sirens and in your many years with her, did you ever acknowledge her as a mate to anyone? Or did you hide her because you were embarrassed? Too afraid of what everyone would say?” Giselle asks with a grin.
My chest feels like it is going to explode as I look at my father, who stares at Giselle, blinking like he has been bested in a duel. His guilt-ridden eyes drift over to me and he looks away, ashamed of himself. My mouth runs dry and Merikh tugs me closer to him.
“She makes a fair point, Caspian.” Brent says, and Caspian shakes his head.
“The point is null and void if she knew. Which she clearly did, otherwise she would not have come for Melody and my child.” He yells at Brent.
“Ah, see, I just assumed you were f u c k i n g her. You were not marked, and neither was she. There was no mate’s mark on your neck and no crown on her head. So, as far as I could tell, you were using her to create a hybrid.” Giselle shrugs like her point is the most nonchalant thing she’s ever said. Like anyone would have had the same train of thought.
“But you did not alert the council of any of this,” Elm accuses her.
“Did I have to? Hybrids are illegal, and werewolves are not protected.” She shrugs. “I was well within my rights and you all know it.”
Chapter 55
“These things should always be brought to the council first.” Florence argues.
“He is the leader at the moment. Should I have brought it to him?”
I watch on as the whole meeting dissolves into a bunch of angry super natural beings speaking as if they can change the past or give Giselle a slap on the wrist. My eyes watch Caspian, who stands silently, looking like he has m n t a l l y left the room, staring at the ground, his eyes filled with water and his shoulders slumped.
Then he looks up, his eyes swirling gray as his fists clench. Giselle stops talking, training her eyes on him with a pleased smirk. This is what she wants. For him to snap and attack another council member. I look up at Merikh in desperation, knowing he can feel me, and he gently moves me to the side and rushes to Caspian, stepping in front of him.
“Move, Merikh.” Caspian’s voice sounds warbling, like he is in a sea of water, his voice filled with anguish and hatred.
pure
“This is not the time or place, Caspian. You would just be playing into her hands.” Merikh warns him, trying to calm my father. Then Giselle lets out a shrill laugh.
“Do you really think you scare me, water sprite?” Giselle giggles. “I have been around for centuries, watching you, studying your kind. You are untouchable in your little ocean city, but here, you are the weakest of us all.”
“That’s enough, Giselle.” Elm orders, but she keeps her eyes trained on Merikh’s back. Fear licks up my spine, warning me she will try to hurt him. Brent rushes in front of Giselle, standing before her with his shoulders squared and ready to take whatever she was planning to deliver to Caspian or Merikh.
“Who killed Colette’s mother?” Brent asks, his voice echoing as Giselle glares daggers at him.
“No one.” She finally grits out, looking right at me. “She is alive, but not well. Dragons love treasure, things like gold, gems… silver bars.” she smirks and my stomach burns with hatred.
“You are torturing her…” I whisper and she shrugs.
“Torture seems like a hefty statement. She is just simply living in a room of silver. I do wonder, though, how many years it would take to make a werewolf go mad.”
“You will release her immediately. Her kind is officially under the protection of the council now.” Caspian says, but I can see the pain in his eyes, the way he doesn’t know how to process what he is hearing, the same way I am struggling to comprehend. How much pain has she been in all this time?
“I disagree.” She hisses at Caspian. “You tried to trick us into voting for it so your precious hybrid would be safe. I say the vote is void.”
“I agree,” Joffrey says with a frown, “Though I do not condone the violence Giselle.”
“Oh, shut up, you fairy.” She groans, rolling her eyes.
“This isn’t up for a vote,” Caspian states, moving over to stand with Elm, Merikh, and me. “Colette is protected. She is mated to a member of the council.”
“And you all
agree with this?” She asks, looking around. Everyone averts their eyes, including Johannes, who clears his throat and looks at the ground. “This is b u l l s h i t.”
“What’s b u l l s h i t is you manipulating other kinds for your own purpose and pretending you didn’t break council laws yourself,” I accuse. “How are you doing it? Who are you using to control the red-eyed wolves?”
Her flaming eyes land on me, a viscous smirk pulling her lips taut across her face in such high alert.
a way
that makes
my
wolf go on
2/3
15:35 Mon, 20 May MBB ·
Chapter 55
“I don’t have any idea what you are talking about.” She gives me a fake smile.
“You know exactly what I am talking about.” I hiss at her and she shrugs.
84%
“Don’t you think I would admit to whatever crime you are accusing me of if I did it? I mean, after all….I renounce my place on this council.”
“What?” everyone murmurs, looking around to see what the others
+5
Giselle has gone mad. It’s the only explanation that seems to make sense. By stepping out of the council, she opens her kind up to attacks of any kind from anyone.
“You all have left me no choice but to remove myself from the council. So, which of you wants your kind to be first in my rapid fire elimination?” She taunts, scanning the room for any takers.
Everyone looks around, and for a moment, I think they will stand their ground. That is, until Florence sighs and gives me an apologetic look.
“I prefer not to take sides, but if keeping what few of my species are left alive is the cost, then I agree with Giselle. We too withdraw from the council.” She averts her eyes as Johannes scoffs.
“A traitor twice in one day, Florence.” Johannes shakes his head. “I expected more from you.”
“You don’t get to talk bloodsucker. I rule my kind with logic, not emotions. This is the logical option. One hybrid for the good of all kinds? It hardly seems like a big ask. No offense, Letty.”
“And what about you?” Giselle says, scowling at Johannes. “Do you truly think your coven will agree with you siding with the likes of a dog and fish? This isn’t the time to be noble, Johannes. You have never been one to be. I wouldn’t suggest you start
now.”
My stomach flips anxiously, watching as everyone looks at one another, trying to decide the best course of action for their kind. The council is falling apart, and it’s all because of my existence. There is no helping the guilt that weighs down on me with every torn glance I get from those wishing to remain at my side.
“If you are renouncing your position here on the council, you must leave the property at once,” Caspian growls, looking around at everyone.
“Oh, with pleasure.” Giselle roars.
Her eyes glow the same red as Percy’s had last night and a blaze of fire propels from her mouth heading directly toward my chest. Merikh is on me in a second, his body sheltering me as I close my eyes as we fly backward into the wall.
My head slams hard into the hard surface and black dots dance in my eyes, impairing my vision as all hell breaks loose around me. Merikh lays over me unmoving as I try to reach out and feel him in the bond. But I can’t reach him, I can’t feel him in my mind.
###Chapter 56
Chapter 56
My head aches and I can feel the trickle of warmth down my neck, dripping as I try to force my body to move. The sparks of the mate bond where Merikh touches my skin with his gives me hope, knowing he is at the very least still alive. My chest burns and my stomach twists. Fear overcomes me with the very real possibility that he is gravely injured.
“Merikh,” I force out, trying to breathe under the weight of his body, but even with how close my lips are to his ears, I doubt he can hear me.
Afight rages on behind him. Fire, water and shades of varying colors light up the only portion of the wall I can see. There is no telling who is fighting with who or if it’s an all out fight to the death since the protective order of the council is now over, at least for several members.
“Colette!” My name breaks through the room, my father’s voice calling to me, panic lacing through every syllable.
“I’m here…” I cry out, emotions overwhelming me the longer Merikh remains motionless.
“Take cover!” He roars, his voice coming closer as a rumbling resonates through the room, and I look up, massive scaly tail swipes away the ceiling and rooms above us.
watching as a
Lumber and drywall clatter down over me, but nothing lands on us as a silver-colored barrier appears overhead. I blink at the debris as it bounces off the shield before it shivers and drops, only dust littering down over us. Suddenly, Merikh rolls off of me and I gasp for a full breath of air, clattering across the singed carpet floor to him and cupping his face.
“Merikh…” I whisper, begging him to open his eyes. Tears fall like a cascading wave down my cheeks and onto his face as I heave, trying like hell to compose myself.
“Are you okay?” I feel a hand on my shoulder but I ignore it, not caring who is talking to me. After a moment, they leave me, their footsteps retreating, but I don’t look to see who it was. The only thing that matters is Merikh, unconscious and hurt.
“Merikh, wake up.” I blubber through s o b s.
I can hear things being tossed about behind me, furniture clattering and people screaming something incoherent. But I can’t spare them a glance or even a moment. I can’t bear to look away from his face, the face that makes it look like he is in a completely comfortable slumber and not potentially in deaths grips.
“Luna!” breaks through the room and I recognize it as Hayes. I look up to see him as he scrambles toward us, landing on the other side of Merikh. His eyes meeting mine, looking for answers. “What the f u c k happened?”
“H-he jumped in front of me.” I try to explain, but I can’t completely recall it all as Merikh was in front of me before I could even register what the hell was happening. Hayes places his hand on his brother’s chest, running it over his body, looking for the wound that has Merikh looking so close to death. Then looks me in the eye.
“I need to push him toward you so I can look for injuries.” He tells me and I nod.
I reach over and prepare to take the bulk of his weight onto me. Hayes gently shoves his brother’s shoulder toward me as he pushes him to his side and I latch onto Merikh, hugging him close while keeping him upright enough for Hayes to search
him over.
My eyes are trained on him the entire time, watching his stony like features as they give nothing away before he drags his hand down his face and looks around.
There’s a t w i n k l e of franticness in his eyes and I notice him avoiding looking in my direction. It must be bad if he can’t even bring himself to look at me. I try to swallow the lump in my throat, hoping to force the fear down with it.
Chapter 56
“It’s bad, isn’t it..?” I ask, and he sighs heavily.
“It isn’t good,” he mutters. “Have you seen Brent anywhere?”
“No…I don’t even know who sided with her or us…” I admit, and he furrows his brow.
“I think you are going to have to explain what you mean by that, but first we need to get him out of here and somewhere I can at least clean the wounds and see how bad it is before a real healer has to step in.”
I meet his eyes, my heart thudding with painful force in my chest.
“It’s really bad, isn’t it? I need to know…” I ask, trying like hell to remain hopeful.
This time I see the c r a c k in his stoic face, the uncertainty in his face as she licks his lips and looks down. I lean forward slightly, venturing to see it for myself, but he places both hands on my shoulders, pushing me back slightly.
“It’s bad, Colette. He wouldn’t want you to see it, not like this. Just….we need to get him out of here. And then I need to look for the others.” He mutters, scanning the room around us.
“The others?” I ask in alarm, finally turning my head to survey the damage.
My mouth drops open, water leaking from an exposed pipe, a massive section of the ceiling and stories above head missing as the sun filters in, shining through dust particles, making it look like a heavy fog has fallen over us.
I see someone sitting in a dark corner, their dress shoes poking out and someone crouching next to them. Not a single other person appears to be in the room other than those two and I feel myself growing numb. Not in the sense that I have grown cold or lost the sensation of feeling things physically. I am numb to the shock of what I see.
There is blood splattered along the walls that aren’t singed black, everything is wet, dripping with dirty drops of water and insulation hangs from the only part of the ceiling still intact.
But none of that has any bearing on me. Not a single one of those things seems to surprise me. Too much has happened, too much was at stake, and it was all because of me, all over me.
“Cole…” I hear, spinning, hoping to locate the voice. It’s Caspian, a breathy, pained version, but it is him, no doubt.
“Where are you?” I ask, and I see one foot move in the corner. The figure crouching next to him stands and helps him up. and I finally feel a little tension release from my chest, finding him standing with his arm over Brent’s shoulder for stability.
“How is Merikh?” He asks, and I bite my lip, shaking my head and shrugging. There is no way I can say the words ‘I don’t know’ without sobbing. His eyes are tired but soft as he gives me a weary smile.
“He needs immediate care.” Hayes says, standing. Penny comes flying in next, her eyes finding mine and then landing on Merikh. Her face instantly goes cold, like she is hiding all emotion as she rushes and helps me up.
“You are bleeding too, Luna.” She tells me, but all I can see is the mess I created.
“Help Hayes with Merikh, We need to get him taken care of right now.”
“Yes, Luna.” She says, reaching down and grabbing a shoulder. Hayes stands, grabbing the other side and the two of them hoist him, his body dangling between the two of them and his back revealed to me for the first time.
A shocked gasp tears from my lips as I slam a hand over my mouth, the tears trickling free again. His shirt is completely burned away, his flesh raw and red, his muscles exposed where it looks like a meteor may have hit him.
The skin surrounding the circle is already raised and blistered, licking up his arm in a grotesque display of how quickly
2/3
Chapter 56
flames can melt away the flesh.
“I will do everything I can, Colette.” Brent promises me.
“Can you walk?” Caspian asks, softly and I nod, feeling slightly lightheaded, but my legs are sturdy and if it means being with
Merikh through this all, I could run a marathon.
“I will be right behind you.” I whisper, looking through the rubble on the way out. “Where is everyone else?”
I look at Brent, who frowns, his eyes scanning, then he freezes, motioning for me to rush to him. I move over to him and he rests my father’s around over my shoulder as he stumbles and trips over soaked dry walls and crushed furniture.
“Elm!” He screams, throwing things to the side. Cursing under his breath, he reveals a large bark like slab of wood, trying to pry it to the side before it slowly shrinks and disappears, revealing Elm, holding an unconscious Joffrey in his arms.
“The others ran.” He coughs. “Took off with Giselle on the f u c k n g dragon she called.”
I furrow my brows and look up at Caspian.
“But isn’t she a dragon?” I ask, confused. “Why would she need to call one?”
“That is an answer I don’t have right now, my daughter.” He says, sounding like he may pass out at any moment. I can feel how weak he is. The water in his being is drained, weak, and I can’t tell if it is because he expended himself or because he has been away from the ocean for so long.
“What does all this mean?” I ask him as I lead him out of the room carefully, following Penny and Hayes as they drag Merikh away. “For the council?”
“It means there is no council. Not any more. It’s time to go to our own kinds and prepare for a war.” He breathes, his eyes falling closed for a second before he grows heavier and leans into me.
“Stay awake,” I say, shaking him. “I need you to stay awake, please…”
###Chapter 57
Chapter 57 
Caspian leans on me, his head lulling before he snaps it back and shakes it like he is trying to not pass out. I cling to him with all the strength I have, trying to keep him upright as I look around for anyone who can help me. 
“Just hang in there for a few more minutes,” I beg him, and he chuckles lightly. 
“I am okay, sweetheart. Just drained, I need water. It has been too long.” He says weakly. 
“Should I take you to your special bathing room?” I offer, not really sure how the hell I will get him up the stairs, or how long it will take. My heart yearns to be at Merikh’s side. As much as I care about Caspian and his well–being, he is my estranged father and not the man I love who is in much worse shape. 
“Caspian!” Ezrah yells from down the hall before he sprints toward us, taking the other side of his arm over his tall, slender shoulders. “What in the blazes happened?” 
Caspian just smiles and shakes his head, too tired to speak, and Ezrah looks to me for answers. 
“Giselle disapproved of the vote to place lycans and werewolves back on council.” I explain, and his eyes grow wide. 
“So she destroyed the place?” He asks and I nod. 
“She tries to attack me, and then everyone started fighting. She escaped on a dragon.” 
“Why would she be on a dragon when she is one?” he asks, confused. 
“I asked the same thing,” I admit before biting my lip and looking up ahead where Merikh is no longer in sight. 
“Go Colette, Ezrah can see to me getting to water.” He whispers. “Merikh will need you close if he has any hope of a speedy 
recovery.” 
“Merikh is injured?” Ezrah asks, shocked, a look of concern over his dark brows as he glances at me, taking in my barely restrained tears. I nod, unable to answer. Injured makes it seem like it isn’t as bad as it is. 
“I will check in on you later,” I promise with a quivering voice. Ezrah gives me a reassuring smile. 
“I will take care of Caspian, concern yourself only with Merikh and his healing.” He says as I step away and, with one more torn look, I turn and take off down the hall. It feels like it’s gotten longer, every step doing nothing to bring me closer as the panic settles deep 
inside my chest. 
As I round the corner, I come to a halt, spinning, trying to figure out which way they went. There is a massive chunk missing from the mansion, so I know they have come this way, but the question of where feels like a daunting one. 
My hands fly to my head as I try to force myself to breathe, focus and then move, checking every damn room if I have to. Then I realize, I can use my mind link. The barrier has to be down for everyone to have been able to use their magic. 
-Where are you?– I shoot out to Hayes and Penny, waiting anxiously for a response. 
-It is best you wait to see him–Hayes‘ responses sounding morose and tired. 
1/4 
that. As your Luna I am demanding you tell me where the hell my mate is–I growl though the link, making sure he can feel my frustration with him. 
I am not some weak little girl who is incapable of seeing grotesque things. Merikh and I have come so far, hurt each other and healed at the same time. I refuse to be on the sideline just because his wound will scare me. 
Fear and love are no strangers to each other. They can’t be. Without fear, love is bland. How do we know the depths of our love? The lengths we will go to in order to show it, to feel it? 
-I will come get you, Luna–Penny’s voice resonates through my mind as I sigh and lean over, my hands on my knees, a wave of 
nausea washing over me as I shudder. 
-I am in the dining room–I tell her with a long exhale. The adrenaline is fading fast and my head is aching, but none of that matters. I can rest when I know Merikh is okay. Until then, I will fight my body’s needs just to remain at his side. 
I can hear Penny coming before I see her as I stand up straight and move to the hall, watching as she waves me down. There is no thinking as my body takes off toward her and, without exchanging words, she turns and runs to show me where they are. She stops at a door, turning to face me, keeping me from going in. 
“Penny, move.” I say firmly and her eyes grow soft. 
“I will, I promise. But first I need to tell you what to expect, because It’s not pretty.” She tells me and I roll my eyes. 
“I don’t care.” I grind out and she shakes her head and takes my hand. 
“Luna, this isn’t me warning you about the wound on his back. Alpha is a proud man, and he has been injured many times, but never, 
not once, has he been taken down like this. There is a chance he will feel…well…” 
I shake my head, understanding what she is trying to say. But she doesn’t understand him the way I do. She wasn’t in the room when‘ 
everything happened. 
What Penny doesn’t realize is Merikh threw himself in front of me to save me. In his mind, he will wake up and know he achieved his goal. His biggest annoyance will be the downtime I will force him to take. 
“Penny, I appreciate your thought process, but I know for a fact Merikh will not be like that. There are things you do not know and I refuse to wait another minute trying to explain them to you. You are my friend and my gamma, but that is my mate and your alpha in there. So please, for the sake of our friendship, move.” 
She drops my hand and looks at the ground before she steps to the side and I push the door open. I am hit in the face instantly with the smell of fresh herbs and Merikh’s faint scent. 
Hayes looks up at me, surprised, as I walk past him and drag a chair up to Merikh, taking his hand. His face is turned toward me, his arms above his head as he lies on his stomach, and Brent gingerly cleans his wounds. 
I eye him suspiciously before watching his every move, making sure he isn’t doing anything that would seem off. He swabs the deep wound on his back with a brown liquid, then swiftly he grabs some herbal leaves and places them in the groove in Merikh’s back where his muscles are still mildly exposed. 
“You being here will speed his healing immensely.” He tells me without stopping his movements. 
2/4 
0 
Chapter 57 
“How bad is it?” I ask him, swallowing thickly as he exhales and his hands stop. He lays down the items and then lifts his arms, stretching them over his head as if he is trying to relieve tension. When he finally settles, his eyes land on me with a frown. 
“He will live. Lycans are hard to kill, and this blow was not fatal. To you, with your frame, it very much would have been. You are lucky, Colette, that he cares for you the way he does.” He says sincerely and I blush, looking down at the still out cold mate who should have just let me die. 
“It would have solved more problems had he just let me take the hit.” I scoff, and Brent chuckles. 
“You can’t truly believe that,” he says, and I shrug. 
“I am the reason for the fight.” I remind him, and he shakes his head. 
“No, you were a scapegoat. This fight was a long time coming. Besides, do you really think your death would have solved anything? Your father and Merikh would have dismembered and drowned the world to avenge you.” 
I press my lips into a flat line, thinking about his words, letting them sink in as I rub a circle over the top of Merikh’s lifeless hand. 
“You think they were looking for a reason to fight? They wanted to disband the council?” I ask him curiously. Brent shrugs and then 
sighs. 
“Supernatural beings are self important. They all think their kind is better than the next and with most being immortal or having extended lives, they think they are better than others.” Brent says. 
“The beauty of our kinds, you being werewolves and humans and me being solely human, but with magic, we value what brief life we have. We love harder, our loyalties lie in friendship, and we have no time to waste with people who do not respect us.” 
“And their kind has the time to scheme and plan wars hundreds of years in advance.” I murmur his words, making me think. 
“Exactly.” he says. He moves the tools he was using away, putting them on a table to the side before he feels the skin around the wound on Merikh’s back. I watch as he pushes and prods at him when I feel someone come up to my side. 
“Brent…” I say, my mind whirling with everything he has said and trying to recall what happened in the conference room. 
“Mmhmm?” he hums in response, inviting me to continue. 
“How did the barrier go down?” I ask him, and he freezes, his eyes snapping up to meet mine. 
“What?” 
“The magic barrier. The one you have supposedly been placing up and taking down when commanded by Caspian…it was supposed to be up, suppressing everyone’s abilities, but yet…” 
“I did not bring the barrier down,” he says, alarmed. 
“Then who did?” I ask him. “Who else has the ability to do it? As far as I know, you are the only wizard here…right?” 
“That is true, but there are ways to break it, ways that don’t require me to bring down the spell.” 
“And how many people know how to do that?” I ask him, watching as he grows increasingly more uncomfortable. 
3/4 
Chapter 57 
“Here? Not many…” he admits, then his eyes grow wide. “Just myself, maybe Elm; as it is a nature related thing. And Ezrah.” 
田 
SEND GIFT 
COMMENT 
+
###Chapter 58
Chapter 58
“What?” I swallow the growing bulge of fear in my throat. “Ezrah?”
Yes, he has the abilities to bring it down, though I highly doubt-”
His words drone on, sounding like nothing in my ears as I try not to hyperventilate. Did I send my father off with the enemy? Had Ezrah really fooled us all so well and planted himself here? It would make sense, all the ‘letters’ being in the right place at the right time. Ezrah is with them, whether he is the leader or not. I don’t know. All I know is that I have to get to my father.
Now.
Itear from Merikh’s side, praying he will forgive me for leaving him to heal on his own for a moment. There is a flurry of shouting behind me as I stumble into the wall at the turn and scramble up the stairs, trying to make my way to the room meant only for sirens.
My lungs burn in the frantic panic of getting to them, my skin crawling with worry. The second I hit the landing, I sprint down the long narrow hall, past the two doors on my left and slam into the only door on my right-hand side. My fingers wrap around the brass doorknob as I shove, but it doesn’t budge.
It’s locked. I j i g g l e the handle, then slam my fist into the door, making the oak rumble. My foot flies out, kicking the base as I hear something from beyond the door, but I am past being cordial and calm. What the hell could Ezrah be doing in there to him?
“Let me in!” I roar, my hand aching from striking the wood so hard until finally it gives way, splintering and I use my wolf’s strength, shove the door off its hinges. I scan the room, searching for Ezrah, ready to strike at him with everything I have, but I freeze when I see him exit the bathroom and blink at me, shocked.
“Colette?” Caspian calls to me, alarmed, and his voice filled with concern. “What is it? What happened?”
My jaw falls open as Nook at the man calling my name. He is transformed, his hair slicked back and his skin a luminescent blue with gills on his neck. As he seems to glide closer to me in the water, his webbed fingers reach for the marble ledge and I gasp as he pulls himself up onto the side. His massive scaled tail glimmers from his mid torso down, his side more defined and matching his gills.
It’s one thing knowing I’m a siren, it’s another witnessing what that means.
“Y-you’re okay…” I whisper, looking from him to Ezrah, a spark of confusion in his eyes. Ezrah places his hands in his pockets, watching me closely.
“I told you I would take care of him.” He furrows his brow, then his eye light up like he has solved a puzzle.
“Right…” I stammer, looking back at Caspian as he tilts his head.
“Is Merikh alright?” he asks, his voice sounding warbling as if he is gargling water and peaking at the same time.
“Uh…” I pink the bridge of my nose, trying to make sense of everything happening. “Yes. He will be fine. It’s just that…”
“What?” Capsian asks.
“The magic barrier was down and I talked to Brent and he said only a few people have the abilities to take it down.”
Ezrah exhales and shakes his head.
“And you assumed it was me,” he says.
Inod, guilt seeping into me. Was I wrong in assuming it was him? Or did I just get to him before he did something? It could also be possible Ezrah is playing the long game. Pretending to be on our side, even though he is just waiting for the right moment.
Chapter 58
ZOMA
I haven’t decided I shrug, choosing to double down.
He arches a brow in amusement and then he chuckles, nodding to the door I just hammered through. He walks out, and I see him stop waiting for me. I stomp out after him, glancing at my father, who pulls his full tail from the water and swings to the side before I step over the broken door.
He looks at me, no judgment or anger in his eyes. And he releases a sigh.
*I apologize for whatever I have done to make you think I would ever betray the council,” he says. I cross my arms over my chest and lick my teeth, trying to control my emotions that are admittedly all over the place.
The council is dead now.” I say. “Everyone has gone their own way.”
He scoffs.
“The council can fall apart, but the mission lives on. I now work in the face of unity, like the council did for many years.” He says, and now it’s my turn to scoff.
*You think it is that simple? Just say some flowery words and I will believe you?”
“Colette, enough.” Caspian says, walking toward me, now back in his human form.
His silver streaked hair and slicked back with the water and he looks so much healthier. The light in his eyes is back, and he frowns at me. I never thought I would want a frown from him, but I am overwhelmed by how well he looks and I throw my arms around him.
He hesitates, before I feel him pat me on the back and the rumble of his chest as he chuckles.
“I’m so glad you are feeling better.” I tell him, and He takes hold of my shoulders, pushing me back with a soft smile.
“Me too, kiddo.” He murmurs before looking over my shoulder at Ezrah.
“Ezrah, go and take over for Brent. I want to speak with him as soon as possible. Elm as well.” He bows and sends me a sly smirk as I scowl at him.
“No. I don’t trust him.” I demand and Ezrah’s smirks morphs into a grin.
“Good.” he says, but he doesn’t sound c c k y or demeaning. He sounds like he is genuinely impressed with my statement, and I furrow my brows.
“What?”
“You do not know me well enough to trust me. I would expect nothing less from a Luna. Especially in this situation. But I will tell you I did not bring down the barrier. Someone else did.”
“But Brent said….”
“The barrier fell right before Giselle planned to harm you.” Caspian explains. “She stalled until she felt it fall, then she struck.”
didn’t feel it,” I tell him.
“You don’t know what to look for to open yourself up to it yet,” Ezrah explains. “It takes time to understand it, to feel it.”
drag my hands through my hair and take three deep breaths. Why is there so much to freaking know about all of this? Why can’t it all be easy?
“The person who brought down the barrier did it from the outside, not from in the room with us.”
Inod, thinking hard, and I meet Caspian’s eyes, like he is trying to guide me, figuring it all out.
16:39 Sat, 25 May ▼ DD
Chapter 58
“The red-eyed wolves, whoever is using them.” I whisper, and he nods.
“You saw it too, then? The glimmer of red right before she attacked you?” He asks.
“ts she being manipulated too, then?” I ask, and he shrugs.
“Maybe.”
“You don’t think she is?” I ask, confused.
“No, I think she is working with someone who wants to make her seem innocent. I get the feeling Giselle isn’t quite who or what we think she is.”
“I believe Giselle, like those trolls I hear you all encountered earlier, is using magic to mask what she truly is. Which is why she did not have a dragon of her own but rather was carried out.” Ezrah explains.
“The issue now lies in figuring out what she is and what her ultimate goal is.” I say, following what they are saying.
###Chapter 59
Chapter 59 
*Merikh 
My muscles twitch, first my fingers itching to move. The lycan in my head whining and forcing my consciousness awake. Each second, I become more and more aware of the searing sensation on my back. My skin tingles, pins and needles pinching and stabbing my back as though I had been numb for too long. 
I try to inhale deeply, but the agony of my injury forces me to stop, taking only short, quick breaths as I force my groggy eyes open. The world is blurry, my pain overwhelming as I blink away the fog. 
I want to move, to get up and stretch my stiff muscles, relieve my chest that aches. But my back is on fire, the waves of heat and pain ebbing and flowing as if it were a hot coal exposed on a windy day. 
“Merikh.” I hear Hayes‘ surprised voice as he rushes over, gently pressing me back down as I try to make my way to my hands 
stomach. and knees. He fights my efforts, winning out as my body gives way and I grunt, collapsing back into my 
“I want up.” I rasp out, my voice dry and painful. The room seems to move, swirling from side to side as I try to focus and fail. I blink over and over again until Hayes comes into focus and everything comes flooding back in. 
The meeting from hell, Giselle going berserk and trying to kill Colette. I choke on the panic as I tear myself from the bed before Hayes has a second to stop me. 
“Brother, you need to rest.” He insists. 
“Where is Colette?” I demand, ignoring his request. “Is she okay?” 
“We can talk about it in a second, but you need to lie back down.” He says. “You are going to undo all the bandages and herbs that are healing you.” 
“Where is my Luna?” I grit out, trying to force myself to stand on my own. 
Hayes sighs, scowling at me, and my stomach falls, the worst thoughts climbing up from the dark place in my mind. Did I not save her! Was I too late? Or had my being injured left her exposed and open for another attack she couldn’t fight off? 
I can hear Hayes speaking to me, but the anxiety and pain from the thoughts is enough to send me off the deep end. , had I failed her? Had I unknowingly broken another promise to her? I try to turn toward the door, releasing the bed as I take a step and tumble forward with a cry of agony. My body falls forward, but not before Hayes catches me. 
Tingles ripple through my body, a satisfied sigh breaking from my chapped lips and I look up to see it wasn’t Hayes who stopped my fall but my sweet, perfect Colette. She is on her knees before me, her soft hands on my face, cupping my cheeks as she lifts my eyes to meet hers. 
“You’re awake,” she whispers, tears breaking free from her eyes as she lunges forward and pressing her lips to mine. My arms cling to her back, my body protesting, but I ignore the pain. How can I feel anything other than sheer relief when she is okay? 
She pulls away, her forehead pressed to mine as she breathes heavily, her hands still clinging to my face, life she is afraid to touch any other part of me. My arms grow tired, slipping down and falling to my side, my body unwilling to respond to my demands any longer. 
“Are you injured?” I ask, scanning her face. 
“No,” she says, pressing her lips to mine again as she sobs, moving as close as possible, just wanting to be near me. I welcome her touches, the sparks calming, the fire burning on my back like a hose to the flames. 
“Thank heavens,” I murmur, breaking away once m 
more. She looks past me and nods to someone. 
“Let’s get you up and back on the bed.” She says, and I furrow my brows 
“No. I do not want to be in bed any longer.” I tell her and she sighs, 
I meet her eyes again, witnessing the sadness there, and I frown. My injury must have scared her, hell it scared Hayes, so it must be pretty bad. But I am an alpha, one with a true mate, so I will heal soon and it will be like o 
13 
3:43 PM 
Chapter 59 
“What happened after Giselle attacked you?” I ask her, and she shakes her head. 
*I will explain everything once you get on the bed. You are bleeding through the bandages, so we need to change them.” 
Hayes gently grabs me under the arm, Colette following suit on the other side as they lift me with heavy grunts. I try my best. to help them, using my legs that feel like wet noodles. They both struggle to get me to the bed and I lean forward, scooting myself as far as possible. 
Hayes walks around to the other side, grabbing my leg as he drags me on all the way, and I turn my head to see Colette kneel on the ground beside me. She props her chin up on her crossed arms on the white bedding and a happy smile on her lips. 
Her hand reaches out, dragging her nails through my hair, gently massaging her way through my locks. I moan in satisfaction, happily distracted from the pain of moving 
“Hayes, go get Ezrah.” She whispers over me. Hayes silently exits the room, looking at me once before closing the door behind 
him 
“Ezrah will be in to change your bandages.” She whispers. 
“Ezrah? Why not Brent?” I ask, a little surprised. Healing is usually Brent’s realm of things. I can sense she feels my confusion, and she frowns a little, then sighs. 
“Brent is in a meeting with Caspian.” She says, then she looks away solemnly. “The council is finished.” 
I chuckle. “I am not entirely surprised by that” 
“Some people have taken sides, others have just disappeared.” She shrugs, looking at me once more. 
I arch a brow. “Who is still here?” I ask her. 
“From the council, Brent, Caspian, us, Elm and Joffrey.” 
My eyes widen a little, my hand reaching up to stop her from her assault on my skull, making me sleepy again. This is important information and I want to be as awake as I can be as she relays it to me. 
“Joffrey?” I ask, confused. 
“It wasn’t really his own choice!” She frowns. “He was injured and Elm saved him. He is still unconscious. Caspian and Ezrah really have more details than I do right now.” 
“Why is that? You are on the council. You are my Luna.” 1 say, growing defensive and she laughs. Her smile and the melody of her happiness fill me with hope and I give her a soft smile. Damn, I love this woman. 
“I have been a little preoccupied.” She admits, her smile fading, and I find it’s like watching the sun hiding behind a cloud. “With what?” I ask her. 
“With worrying about you. Trying to make sense of why you would allow yourself to get injured. You are the important one, Merikh, and you could have died.” 
I scoff, letting my emotions flow through the bond so she can feel how much I disagree with her. She shoots me an unhappy 
look. 
“How many times must I say it, Colette? You own me, all of me. Without you, I am nothing but an empty shell. The thought of you getting hurt, the thought of losing you. My voice breaks and I clear my throat. “You are my strength and my weakness, and I will always protect you without a second thought.” 
Tears tumble from her eyes and she wipes at them, chuckling to break the serious tone she is so uncomfortable with. 
“Well,” she sniffles. “Ugh, you always know the right thing to say.” 
“Only when I mean the words,” I grin. 
She stands, leaning down as she presses her lips gently to mine. 
3:43 PM. 
Chapter 19 
Π 
“I love you, Merikh.” She whispers. “So damn much. We will figure this all out, and then we will have a beautiful life together.” 
I arch a brow, ignoring the pain lacing through my nerves as my muscles begin to twitch. 
“Does that mean you forgive me?” I tease her and she laughs, standing up straight. 
She tries to hide a smile, but it lives in her eyes, unable to be masked as she looks at me and I feel her love like a gentle warmth in my soul, filling me with nothing but hope for the future she plans for us 
“Nearly dying seems like the easy way out.” She says, biting her smile back. 
“Oh wow,” I grin. “Noted.” 
“If you want to be forgiven, promise me you won’t ever do that again.” 
“What? Nearly dying to protect you?” I ask, flabbergasted. 
“Yes!” she says with a head nod. 
“How long do you think you can hold a grudge?” I ask thoughtfully. “Because I will never promise to not protect you.” 
“Oh, then I just may never be able to forgive you.” She says, defiantly, 
“Hmmm, then I suppose it’s a good thing I’m a glutton for punishment.” I grin as the door opens and Ezrah pops his head in. 
“Hello old friend, rumor has it you are ready for a bandage change?” 
“I guess so.” I mutter, not too excited about my wounds to be messed with. 
“This will hurt quite a bit, so hold on to Colette’s hand for a little less pain.” 
“Maybe this will be your reminder to think before you act?” she whispers, dropping to her knees and taking my hand. 
“Unlikely.” I grin, then I grimace as Ezrah touches me, the pain rushing through my body and making my toes feel numb. This is going to hurt like hell. 
###Chapter 60
Chapter 60 
“How are you feeling?” Hayes asks, sitting next to me as I lay on my stomach for yet another damn day waiting for the green light to move. If it weren’t for my inability to sit upright, I would have been gone the same damn day, back to our pack where we are safe, where Colette is safe. 
“Like a dragon tried to burn a hole through my body.” I grumble, my mood more sour by the minute. 
“Considering that’s exactly what happened, I’d say you are fairing pretty well.” He says with a smile, though I can see the way it doesn’t reach his eyes. He looks tired as he plops into the chair opposite of my bedside. “Where did Colette go?” 
“With Penny to change and shower, then grab some food.” I tell him and he nods before a yawn breaks free. I watch my brother as he fights to keep his eyes open, no doubt running ragged because of my injury and his mate he has still told me nothing about. “How is she?” I ask. 
“Colette?” he asks, snapping his eyes open. “Uh, she seems stressed, but she is managing well enough.” 
“No. I mean Leandra.” I say with a point stare. He drags his hand down his face, leaning forward, his elbows landing on his knees as he exhales. 
“That would be easier to discern if the woman would talk to me. Instead, she refuses to say a damn thing,” he groans. “It’s like she just shuts down when I am around. She has spoken with Penny and Brent. But me? Nothing.” 
“Maybe you make her nervous?” I offer and he scoffs.. 
“Why the hell would I make her nervous? We are mates, we are supposed to calm each other.” he stands angrily. He paces away from me before he quickly spins, his hand on his hip as if he is thinking. 
“Have you discussed the mate bond? Accepted each other verbally yet?” I ask him, and he scoffs. 
“She is a traitor to her kind. Why the hell would I accept her?” He asks, like it’s a simple assessment. 
“Hayes.” I say, and he shakes his head, scowling at me. 
“No, no. I already know what you are going to say. Trust me, I have thought of every scenario. I know what I have to do next. It’s just that…I don’t know that I can do it yet,” he blabbers on, rattling nonsense as if I have the strength to follow his ramblings. I try to get his attention, but he is so far lost in his own thoughts. 
“Hayes!” I yell and he freezes, blinking at me like he can’t fathom why on earth I am yelling at him. “What the hell are you on about?” 
“Rejecting her, obviously.” He says it likes it’s so simple and I chuckle dryly. The idiot thinks this is the only option? “Why do you think you have to reject her?” I ask him, arching a brow as I try to move. My back burns and I hiss, pushing myself up despite the pain. Hayes rushes over to me, but I shove him off. “Answer me.” I demand. 
“She is one of them.” He replies, the answer tearing him up inside. 
“Is Percy one of them?” I ask him, my hands gripping the side of the bed for dear life. His brows furrow, and he shakes his 
head. 
“Of course not. He is our gamma.” He says. 
“And what makes him different from her?” I ask. “Is it because we don’t know her? She could very well have been kidnapped, coerced, or even brainwashed.” 
“Percy was trusted before this all took place and he fought them off. She is a Lycan. She should have been living in our pack and yet, no one knows her. Where did she come from? How did she wind up with this group?” He asks. “It comes down to previously established trust. And I have none with her.” 
you 
“Ilave you asked her any of these questions?” I ask him and he frowns, looking away from me. “I will take that as a ‘no‘ then. How about tell me what you have asked her?” 
3:43 PM 
Chapter 60 
“What does it matter?” He exhales. “Clearly I have to reject her, but I can’t do that if she doesn’t even acknowledge I’m even 
there with her 
“Why would you reject her? Because she had the redeyes?” I ask him and he throws his hands up like it’s obvious. 
“She is the enemy,” he huffs. 
1 stare 
at my usually level–headed brother. The one with the sage advice who always calms me down and makes me think harder than I wish to at times. He is so caught up in what is going on around him he is not capable of understanding the gift he is being given. 
The mate bond is difficult, and though Lauren was a nightmare, without her, without the pain and suffering I experienced at her betrayal, I would not be who I am today. I would not have found the one person who can see beneath my shit mistakes and issues and stand at my side wanting to help me get better. 
“She was used as a puppet.” I remind him. “Her actions were not her own and we all know that.” 
“Does it matter?” he asks, sounding defeated. “How the hell do I trust someone who could kill us at any moment because she is being controlled?” 
I sigh, leaning forward to ease the soreness in my back. 
“You start by getting to know her. Who she is, not who she was when she was under someone else’s control.” I push myself to stand, grunting as I reach out for the bedside table to steady myself. 
“You shouldn’t be up and moving around yet, Merikh,” He says, rushing to my side. 
“And you are avoiding the subject.” I frown at him. “I am fine here. You need to go talk to Leandra. Not as her mate, but as my beta, perhaps she will answer questions not related to you and your bond with her.” 
Hayes is no doubt unhappy with my suggestion, but he shakes his head and sighs before he runs his hands through his hair. “I’d really rather not,” He grumbles. “I think I just need a little more time” 
I look at my younger brother, really look at him and I can see the way this all hurts him. Hayes has always been the sensitive one. The one I turn to when I am being too dense or hard to notice something needs a gentler touch. Hayes has waited for his mate for years only to find her not able to be herself. Of course it breaks him. 
“How about this then, help me get to Percy’s room?” I offer, “And I will go with you after to visit Leandra. We can try to talk to her together.” 
“Do you think I really want to get my ass drowned by my luna?” He scoffs. “Because that is what will happen. I saw how she drowned that damn troll thing with a freaking floating water bubble. Sorry, brother, but your mate is scarier than you.” 
The door opens on cue and in strolls my stunning Luna, her wet hair slicked back in a high ponytail and an unsatisfied frown on her pretty lips. She rushes to my side, slipping under my arm to help me stand up straighter. I bite back the groan of pain as she grips my waist, trying to avoid my burns. 
“What are you doing? You should be in bed still.” She hisses, looking up at me as I grin down into her perfectly pinked, angry 
face. 
“I was just about to go visit Percy” I grin at her. She slides her eyes to Hayes and then clears her throat, looking away. Her lack of response to my answer has my skin crawling, waiting for the bad news. “What happened?” I ask. 
“Percy..he isn’t really himself right now..” she whispers, and I furrow my brow. 
“What the hell does that mean?” I ask her and she bites her lip, looking into my eyes, her own filled with tears she is trying to keep at bay. 
“He feels guilty. He won’t speak to anyone. Not even Penny.” She says, sadness in her eyes. 
I look at Hayes, who seems to have the same thought I do. 
3:44 PM M 
Chapter 60 
“He was talking with Penny the other day?” I ask her and she nods. 
“Yeah, he seemed like he was doing so much better, and then suddenly he stopped talking to everyone and started refusing food.” She says, looking between Hayes and me like she is trying to figure out what is going on. 
Both Leandra and Percy are no longer speaking. I don’t know if Leandra is eating or not, but the fact that neither is choosing to speak makes me think we have two options for what species is helping the red–eyed wolves. 
Many species have the ability to control or possess others, but only two species leave their puppet a shell of a person until the one in control is close enough again to either release them or reuse them. Witches and Fae. But not just any witch or fac. Those of higher status. Considering both Elm and Brent are here, on our side, that means one of their species is being used against us. 
Now the question is which species, and who? 
“I need to see Caspian. Now.” I tell Hayes. “And bring Brent and Elm as well. I think we may finally have a direction to work in.” 
###Chapter 61
Chapter 61 
*Colette 
“You should at least try to rest and lie down while you wait for them all to come back,” I insist, and he shakes his head. 
*If I have to rest for a minute longer, I am going to implode.” He grumbles, taking a step. I panic, my arm sliding up his back as he groans in pain, his head flying back as he grits his teeth. 
“Sorry!” I hiss, releasing him as he slumps to the side, his hands landing on the side table to hold himself up. “Shit,” I mutter. 
“Perhaps a walking stick would be better,” he says, wincing. 
*Or maybe you should be sitting down at the very least.” I say, looking around the room, finding a tall stool for him to sit on. I drag it over to him, then as gently as 1 can I lead him to it. My eyes scan his back, the pink, melted skin breaking my heart with every breath he takes. 
“Are you going to fill me in on what you and Hayes were silently figuring out? Or do I have to find out with my father?” I ask 
him. 
He exhales, his hand on his side and a grimace on his face as he tries to inhale a deep breath 
“Percy and Leandra, no longer speaking, is not a coincidence. At least I do not believe it is.” 
I furrow my brows, walking around in front of him. Merikh reaches out, tugging me closer to him as he wraps his tired arms around me, sticking his hands in the pockets of my jeans. I place my hands on his face, stroking it with my thumb, afraid to touch him anywhere else. Should it cause him any more pain? 
“What makes you think that?” I sigh, relishing the sparks from our bond that zip through us. His color returns to his cheeks. no longer looking so gaunt as the sparks work as a painkiller for him 
“There are certain ways someone can be spelled or enchanted to do whatever the spellcaster wants. Most species have a way to do it, but only two leave the host a shell of themselves when they are too far away from their caster. Meaning that when the others fled after the fight, they took the caster with them, also meaning that the person behind it all is a witch or a fae.” 
I chew on my lips, processing what he is saying. Then I open my mouth to ask another question, but the door flies open. I turn to look at my father as he rushes in, Brent and Elm right behind him and Hayes bringing up the end. I step to the side, my hand sliding to Merikh’s hair, just to have a hand on him 
“Hayes says you have an idea of whom to look for?” Brent asks hopefully and Merikh nods, his eyes looking glossy and dull as he grows more drained by the second. 
“You should be in bed,” I remind him quietly and his eyes skirt in my direction, a hint of annoyance filtering through the bond between us and to smile. Sick and exhausted, and he still gets annoyed with me. That has to be a good sign, right? 
I try 
“Both Percy and Leandra, the woman from the woods, have stopped eating and talking. He says, looking around. Caspian looks at Brent and Elm over his shoulder, both looking stunned as their brows knit together and they look at each other. 
“Is it possible?” Capsian asks them. Elm pinches the bridge of his nose and Brent drags his hand through his short, dark hair. “I can’t begin to imagine who it would be on my end, but it is a possibility, yes,” Elm admits. Brent frowns and nods, looking at the ground. 
“My circle of people is much smaller than Elm. I trust them all explicitly, but that does not mean it can’t be possible.” Brent admits. 
“I see,” Caspian says, an unimpressed frown on his lips before he sighs. “Does anyone in particular come to mind?” 
“I can only think of two.” Elm says, “the others have been silent on council matters. But there are two who are openly against werewolves and lycans.” 
“I will need to go back to my coven. To try to see if I can break what curse has a hold of them.” 
He who has traveled and when Brent says. “But tryi 
would like to speak with them 
Chapter 61 
“I thought you had done everything you could to break it and failed?” I ask him and he shrugs. 
“Verbal communication is not the only kind that exists. There are ways around spells without breaking them.” 
“Go now,” Caspian says to Brent. He moves toward the door and I look at Merikh, trying to decide if I should stay with him. 
-Go with Brent–He says through the mind link. 
-Are you sure?— I ask him, and he offers me a gentle smile. 
-Even if I try to run. I promise you will be able to catch me with no issues–He says, making me chuckle out loud. 
“I will come with you Brent, I call to him as he opens the door. He pauses, pushing it open for me to exit along with him. His willingness to take me only solidifies my thoughts that he is not working with the enemy, but that doesn’t mean I won’t be 
cautious. 
I look once more at Merikh as he turns and speaks with my father, his eyes meeting mine as the door closes. 
“It is smart to keep an eye on me,” Brent says, shocking me. 
“Are you saying I need to keep an eye on you?” I ask, arching a brow. 
“No. But if I were you or Meirkh, I wouldn’t trust me blindly either. There is a lot at play here, a lot at stake, actually.” 
I nod, exhaling slowly as we walk down the hall and take a right turn, heading to the stairwell. 
“Can I ask you a question, Colette?” He asks curiously. 
“Ask away,” I tell him and he thinks for a moment, either thinking of a question or how to phrase one. 
“The thought of a hybrid has always excited me. What type of powers would they have? Would one species be more dominant than the other with powers? Or can a hybrid really only be one species?” 
I chuckle, caught off guard by his excitement, and I shake my head. 
“There is a lot that I am still learning about myself. My abilities, that is. I adore the water, it makes me feel better. When I am away from it, I am weak, like Caspian seems to do as well. I can survive being away from it, but I am prone to human sickness and exhaustion.” 
“Hmm,” He hums. He opens his mouth to ask another question but snaps it shut, choosing to wait for me to continue. 
“I am still learning what I am capable of. I can manipulate the water, not like Caspian can, but still. Uh, I can also make it rain. from the water underground. My checks are pink with embarrassment, feeling like I am bragging or talking about myself too much, but when I look at Brent, he seems completely captivated. 
“That is astonishing. Do you plan to continue to work on your abilities?” He asks me, and I shrug. 
“We need to get back to our pack. They need us and our protection and with Merikh being so injured, he needs the strength of his people to help speed the healing. And Caspian needs to be back in the ocean sooner rather than later.” I explain with a soft sigh. 
I’m not sure yet that I am ready to say goodbye to the father I just found, but I am Luna. Not just a girl with a dad. I would love to learn more, figure out my limits and how to use it to protect the people I love. But right now, it’s one thing at a time. Wanted and desires need to be pushed aside for needs to be settled first. 
“Have you thought about going back with Caspian?” He asks, arching a brow and I chuckle. 
“And where would I stay?” I ask him. “I am half werewolf. Breathing under the water isn’t really a speciality of werewolves.” 
“Ah,” he says with a frown. “That would have been pretty cool if you were able to breathe underwater long term like you father 
can. 
I laugh. “That would be pretty sweet. I won’t lie 
Chapter 61 
He stops at the door I visited earlier and I ready myself to see the hollow version of my gamma male. Brent forces the door. open, revealing Percy, who sits on the couch in white pajamas, staring at the wall. 
“Percy,” I call to him sweetly, and he doesn’t move. I move closer to him, taking a seat at his side while reaching out to take his hand. “We are here to ask you some questions, okay?” 
He doesn’t acknowledge us as Brent steps forward, pulling out a pen and placing it in Percy’s hand along with a tiny pad of paper. Percy doesn’t even look down at it. He just holds onto both for dear life. 
“Percy, what is the last thing you remember?” Brent asks. Percy’s finger moves, writing down four letters, the very same ones that match the fogged up mirror in my bathroom. 
FIRE. 
“Percy, what do you mean by fire? Can you explain that?” I ask him and for the first time, his eyes flicker to me, looking more like his as he looks away. He writes nothing else. He instead zones out once more and I find myself growing frustrated. “Percy, I command you to tell me something!” I hiss out, angered by the lack of progress we have made recently. “Draw a picture, something” 
He shakes his head, and then suddenly he is drawing something. Brent looks at me, impressed, before he looks down and I lean over as well. 
“What is that?” I ask Brent. 
“It looks like a lily,” he frowns for a second before his eyes go wide. 
“What?” I ask him. He groans in frustration before he stops. 
” . Elm isn’t going to take this well.” He grumbles, 
###Chapter 62
Chapter 62 
“What does a lily mean?” I ask him as I grab Percy some water from the nightstand, hoping I can get him to drink something. “And why would that be something that concerns Elm?” 
“Elm calls his mate his lily. His queen. It is the name everyone calls her now.” Brent says. 
I spin to look at him, taken aback by his response, then my nose crinkles in thought. 
“But how would Percy know that?” I ask him. “He is as new to this council stuff as I am. I doubt he has met her before.” 
Brent looks at the small paper still on Percy’s lap as Percy stares out the window as if in longing. A frown tugs at Brent’s lips as he lets out a heavy sigh 
“I don’t know. But I do know that the second Elm sees this, he will be alarmed.” 
“You can’t really think that Elm’s own mate has something to do with…” 
Until recently, I really didn’t think hybrids could exist either, and yet here one stands in the flesh next to me.” He gives me a soft smile. 
I move toward Percy, sitting on the bed next to him. My hand reaches out, gently grabbing his to get his attention, but it’s like: trying to get the attention of a hollow log. 
Percy, you need to drink something.” I say softly, shaking his hand slightly. 
“He won’t drink it.” Brent reminds me. 
“But he responded to me, demanding he draw something.” I remind him and he shakes his head like I’m not understanding something. 
“Your Luna command worked because it appealed to the gamma in him. His job is to protect you. It is what he is programmed to do. He can only fight so much, he won’t waste the energy listening to the demand to drink water.” 
“I can’t just let him waste away and die because some asshole possessed him and left him like this.” I grit out fighting back 
tears. 
“I know he is your gamma and you have a special bond, but we need to inform the others. If it is Lily, then Elm needs to know. he is being betrayed and act accordingly.” 
“I thought you were going to try to break the curse, or whatever it is. At least try to make it better?” 
“I need things. If it were a simple witch’s charm, it would be easy, but with the Fae if it is Lily’s doing, then I need things from nature. They tie everything they do to the earth. So right now, we need to focus on sharing what we know first.” 
I look at Percy once more, reaching out and turning his face so his empty eyes are trained on me. He is just a shell of who he is. The light gone from his eyes and his skin pale and sunken already. He is wasting away and we need to save him, just this once it is my turn to protect him. 
“Percy, I will be back later I whisper to him, hoping he can hear me somewhere in his void mind. Then I turn to Brent and sigh heavily. “Let’s go.” 
It hurts to walk away from Percy, leaving him looking like this when he has done nothing but put himself on the line. I want nothing more than to return the favor and protect him back, but I can’t do anything until we break this freaking link between him and the asshole who has their claws in his brain. 
We move in silence back to the room where Merikh is. I rest my hand on the door, pausing when it opens slightly but stops. I can hear voices, that of my biological father and Merikh whispering in hushed tones and then I hear my name. 
“But, Merikh, Colette would be safer” 1 hear my father plead. 
“She is safe with me. Did I not prove that?” Merikh growls lowly. 
Iva 
Chapter (2 
I furrow my brows in confusion, looking up at Brent, who clearly can’t hear what is being said as clearly as I can with my enhanced hearing. Had he known this was my father’s plan to ask me to go with him all along? Was that why he brought it up 
earlier? 
“She was safe with you, but now that you are injured, how long will it be until you can protect her again? Colette should be working to hone her skills. She has potential to be both a skilled siren and werewolf if we let her embrace both sides. Let her stay with me, just until you are back up to full fighting strength.” 
“I will not let her out of my sight.” Merikh says, his voice laced with pain. “She is my mate. Mine to protect and rule with. Without her, I am nothing.” 
My mouth is dry as I try to swallow. They think they can make decisions without my consent? Say yes or no to things that concern me without even first consulting me? Would Merikh even tell me if he didn’t know I overheard him? I remove my hand, taking a step back. My fingers quivering before I drop them to my side. 
Brent stares at me quizzically but he says nothing as I push back my frustrations and annoyance before I shove the door open. and enter the room pretending like I had heard not a word they were discussing. 
“We spoke to Percy,” I say, looking between them, then I scan the room, trying to find Elm. “Where is Elm?” 
“He needed to step out for a moment.” Merikh says, his face flushed as he sits with his hands on his knees, leaning forward, looking pale. 
“You should be laying down.” I say, making sure to lay my disappointment on thick. He looks at me like I might have gone crazy and I roll my eyes. “You are injured, Merikh. You need to heal and pushing yourself will only make it take longer.” 
“Colette, what did Percy have to say?” Merikh asks, conveniently changing the subject. 
“Nothing, but he drew a picture of a flower” I say, motioning to Brent, who produces the paper and hands it to Merikh. His brows knit together in thought. 
“Is this a lily?” He asks, looking up, and Brent nods. 
“Yes.” 
“Damn it.” Caspian curses under his breath. Merikh looks at him, concern spreading over his face. 
“You don’t think Elm knows, do you?” He asks Caspian, who shrugs. 
“Who the hell knows these days? One moment I trust everyone and the next I am getting stabbed in the back.” He throws his hands up. 
“We don’t think he figured it out and ran, do we?” Brent asks cautiously. My brows shoot to my hairline in alarm and I look around at the three men who look uneasy about the question posed. 
“No.” I finally respond. “No. He wouldn’t have stayed through a fight like that to ditch us now.” 
Elm, for some reason, felt genuine every time we spoke, like there was an understanding of trust between us. He is a royal who believes in honesty and equality. 
i 
“Who is ditching who?” He asks, coming into the room. 
“No one,” I smile, damn happy that he proved my instincts right, at least this time anyway. “But we do have to talk with you.” He nods, looking around the room, a single eyebrow arching as he releases a deep breath. Then He walks over and takes a seat on the edge of Merikh’s bed near Merikh where he sits on the stool trying to stay upright. 
“No need to be dramatic and delay it.” He announces, and I look at Brent, waiting for him to speak. After a moment he doesn’t and I sigh, taking the drawing from my father’s hands and placing it nearly in his. He frowns at it before looking it over. 
We watch as his eyes go from confused to curious, and then his cheeks redden and he stands abruptly. Elm doesn’t utter a word, instead he seems to stew in his anger and frustration. Then he clears his throat and drops the d 
Chapter 62 
“Lily.” He says softly, like a disappointed whisper. “What the hell have you done, my love?” 
“Do you really think it was her?” I ask, not entirely convinced yet. There are many variables to think about. Like why she would do it, how Percy would even know who she is to point the finger of blame on her. 
“Do you have reason to think it is not?” He asks, skeptically. 
“That came from someone I know never met your queen. Percy drawing a lily could mean a few things. Like the flower was present. Or maybe he is trying to send us to a meadow for answers.” I offer and he shakes his head, not believing me. 
“Colette, He wrote fire on the mirror as a warning that it was the dragons. He is warning us with elements. Lily’s have no meaning in our worlds, and if Percy had met her, like he would need to in order to be possessed, perhaps she shared her 
name” 
*Lily wears a broach, one that I had made for her, to remind her she is my little flower when I am away. She has never taken it off. If he had seen that, it would explain the drawing and how it looks so similar. Elm says, 
“It sounds like you want it to be her,” I say, running my hands through my hair. 
“I am a practical being. Letty. One who rules with logic and not emotions. The fact is, there is a likely probability it is my Lily. Which means I need to find her. If you will excuse me again, I need to make contact with the rest of my kind to locate my queen.” Elm rushes out the door, leaving it wide open behind him. 
“I will take that as my cue to leave as well,” Brent says. “I will try to break the curse or work around it now that I know what to do. He gives a slight bow before he rushes out the door as well. 
“Do you really think it was a nature fac?” Merikh asks, looking at my father, who is rubbing his temples. 
“Who knows anymore?” He grumbles. He gives me a gentle smile before looking back at Merikh and giving him a stern look. “I beg you to reconsider what we talked about.” 
“I won’t,” Merikh clips out and Caspian sighs heavily before shaking his head. He brushes past me, dropping a kiss to the top of my head and a soft smile before leaving the room. 
“So, what did you guys talk about?” I ask Merikh, raising a brow, waiting for him to answer. 
144 PM M 
###Chapter 63
Chapter 63 
Merikh looks at me with a small frown, his face pale and sweat beading on his brow. It’s obvious he is in pain and exhausted. I should help him back into bed, force him to rest, but I need to know. I need to know he wasn’t going to make a decision for me and never tell me. Merikh and I have come too far, suffered too many lies and miscommunications to falter now, 
But I need him to come out and say it. For me not to be disappointed in him and what we have. He has to be the one to bring it up first and tell me how he feels without demanding I do one thing or another. He sighs, then he stands, taking a fumbling step toward me as his eyes drift closed and open slowly. 
“Shit,” I mutter, rushing to him, holding him up as he hunches over. 
“We need to talk,” He whispers, but his voice is weak as I move him to the side of the bed. 
“Save your strength. Right now, I need you to try to scooch onto the bed for me.” I tell him as he sits, and then with intense care and lack of speed, he drags himself to the middle of the bed, his eyes closing 
I guess that talk will have to wait until he wakes up, no matter how much I feel. I need the answers now. He sighs as I gently pull the soft sheet up and over his body, then I move to the door. If Merikh can’t tell me, then I will talk to Capsian and hear his side of things first. Learn why he chose not to come directly to me first before approaching my mate: 
“Stay,” I hear the words muffled by the pillow, my hand pausing on the doorknob. “I need you.” 
His words are all I need right now, stopping me in my tracks, reminding me that he has done nothing wrong yet. Merikh is sick, severely injured and his body drained from its constant healing. An argument between him and my father over me is the least of my problems. No matter how upset it makes me. Right now I need to be a good mate and luna. 
I turn back around, looking at him as his barely open eyes lock on me, his body working hard to breathe easy. My heart aches. my eyes getting watery as I move wordlessly to the bed. I kick off my shoes and take off my t–shirt, leaving me in only my bra as 1 crawl in next to him. 
My warm skin touches his clammy body and he shivers, seeking more skin to skin from me. The sparks dance through the bind and I can feel his muscles relax, the telltale sign that the bond is easing his pain as it should. I lay next to him, my body pressed up against his side as I reach out and stroke his hair from his face. 
“Is this better?” I ask him, and he hums happily in response. 
His breathing grows more regular, his body working less strenuous as he seems to fall back into sleep. I sigh, just looking at his all too handsome features. My thumb strokes his high cheekbones, making me smile softly as I run over his stumbled face. I tilt my head, next assessing his sharp nose and the tiny freckles that from a far aren’t noticeable. 
I wish I could see his piercing green eyes at this moment, witness the love he has for me, but instead of waking him I let him sleep, continuing my assault of touch on his face. My fingers trace his lips before 1 lean closer and press mine to his. He smirks and hums, his eyes remaining closed. 
“I missed you.” He whispers, and I chuckle. 
“How can you miss me? I have been by your side all along” I remind him, and he shakes his head softly. 
“Not when I close my eyes. I miss you when I close my eyes.” He says, sounding a little drunk. 
“Then dream of me, you crazy alpha.” I grin, then bite my lip. It shouldn’t make me blush, but it does. The way he speaks, even when he is exhausted and ill 
“Too tired to think,” he murmurs. His voice breaking off. As I lean closer to his ear. 
“Then I will tell you what to dream about,” I whisper to him. 
“Min, yes, please 
So many options spin through my mind. What would constitute a good dream for him? The devious part of me, the one that wants him to heal so I can enjoy my nights with him in a different way, begs me to say things I shouldn’t. But then again, 
M 
Chapter 63 
perhaps I should give him something to look forward to. 
“I want you to dream about when you are better. When all of this political crap is taken care of and it’s just you and me. Back in our pack, in our room. In our bed.” I say my cheeks are heating as I speak to him. “I refuse to leave the room for an entire week, and I refuse to let you leave my side.” 
“Maybe, something less spicy.” He groans, shifting around on the bed slightly, and my eyes pop wide. 
“Oh my gosh. I’m sorry,” I giggle, realizing he must be uncomfortable laying on his stomach with whatever my imagination is. doing to his body. 
“Me too.” he sighs. 
“Why don’t you tell me what you want to dream about? It may help you actually fall asleep more efficiently.” I offer. 
“You, and me. Our future. Our family,” he says, his eyes opening for a moment, and meeting mine. My heart stutters when our gazes meet, my desire to be closer to him nearly suffocating as I wiggle further into his side. He chuckles and then his eyes fall closed again. 
your 
“Let’s see. Our future.” I whisper in thought. “In our future, I see three kids. Maybe two boys and one girl. She will have stunning eyes and my hair. Our boys will look just like you, but they will be wild because they won’t have to worry about wars and death. They will get to be kids, all of them.” 
As I speak, I realize I can see this future all too well. All the way down to the cute black tennis shoes our future little boys are wearing. Merikh makes me want it all. The life I never knew I wanted or could have. All I want is him, me and peace. And in order to have that, we need honesty. I have his loyalty and he has mine. But where we lack is truth and openness. 
“Our relationship will be perfect.” I murmur, speaking into existence the way I want it to be between us. “We trust each other, and we share our expectations. There is nothing we don’t share as we rule together.” 
I move my hand down his neck, his head stretching to the side, seeking my touch. I drag it down his arm, stroking it up down until I finally hear his lightly snoring. A smile dances across my lips and I watch him as he sleeps in peace. 
-Luna. Caspian asked to speak with you – Penny says through the mind link 
-Tell him I will be there soon, please–I shoot through the link. I can feel her acknowledge my request. 
and 
I don’t move right away, instead I lay for a few minutes longer watching Merikh, not wanting to disturb him by removing myself from his side. Then I lean forward, pressing a chaste kiss to his cheek. 
“I will be right back. I’ve been summoned.” I whisper. 
I extract myself from the bed carefully, watching him the entire time to see if the pain comes back and is too unbearable for him. When I make it to the door and notice he hasn’t moved, I exit and rush to my father’s office. 
I pass by the open hole in the ceiling and wall where the conference room used to be, careful not to his the new construction that is already in place to secure the building to prevent further damage. 
As I make it to his door, he exits, looking surprised for a brief moment before giving me a gentle smile, Caspian motions toward the doors leading outside and I walk along beside him in silence until we exit the building and the doors close behind us. I can see how tense he is, the nervousness in his stature. 
“Everything alright?” I ask him, and he chuckles dryly, 
“That is a loaded question, dear daughter” He shakes his head. “My leadership has led to the downfall of the very thing protecting everyone.” 
I frown. “Your leadership is the only one that wants unity.” 
“For 
ryou. I wanted unity if it meant you were safe.” He sighs. “I was selfish, and now many lives are on the line.” 
I blink, my chest tight as his words sink in. He regrets choosing to protect me. 
Chapter 63 
“I see.” I murmur. 
He pauses and looks at me, his eyes growing wide. “I don’t regret my choice, Colette. There is no shame in admitting I would choose you above all else. I would do it all over again if I had the chance. What I need is to be realistic with myself right now. Every innocent life lost is in my hands.” 
I sigh, looking up at the sky, taking in the cool breeze that dances over my face. 
“You led the council,” I say, looking back at him. “You were not the one who made the decision for them. Caspian, you call yourself selfish. I call the others weak minded. Their fear caused them to make an enemy of us, not the other way around. Fear and jealousy are divisive points. Not a father’s love or the desire to make everyone equal in the council.” 
He huffs out a puff of air and looks at me, pride in his eyes. 
“You are already such a wise Luna.” he smiles. “Your mother would be so proud.” 
I look down, watching each step as I wring my hands. 
“Will you tell me more about her?” I ask. “I want to remember her, to imagine her smile and the way she loved me.” 
“I actually wanted to discuss something with you first,” He says, clearing his throat. “How would you feel about coming back with me to my world?” 
I’m not surprised by his question, given the conversation that he had with Merikh. “Uh, after everything settles down?” 
“No, I mean when we all leave in a few days‘ time.” He explains, his hand going behind his head to scratch an itch. “I already brought it up to Merikh,” 
“He hates the idea,” I tell him without even have to address it with Merikh first. 
“Naturally, but you would grow more powerful, and I could teach you-” 
“You mean you could keep me safe, hidden away there because you know no one else can get to you there?” 
“That too,” He agrees. “There is so much you could learn, so much strength for you to unlock so you can use it to protect your pack, your mate.” 
“And where would I stay?” I ask him, arching a brow. “I can’t remain underwater forever.” 
“We don’t know that,” He shrugs. 
“Uh, hello. I am half wolf. Remember?” I ask him. “I may be half siren, but I don’t have a tail or scales for extreme swimming abilities when I get wet. Hell, I don’t look like you do when you are in the water. I look..human.” 
He seems to grow sad and shakes his head. 
“I’d have a cabin for you to stay in at night and during the day you could be in the water, learning, growing.” 
“But I would have to leave my injured mate.” I remind him. “Something I would never feel right doing. I refuse to hide.” 
He shakes his head, convinced that I am not understanding him, 
“Colette, you are not hiding,” he clarifies. “You are learning, training. You will be getting stronger, strong enough to protect those you love and care about from attacks from the dragons.” 
“And what happens if an attack happens when I am not there?” I ask him with a raised brow. He says nothing, just stares at me before he shakes his head, looking disappointed. 
“We need to hope that doesn’t happen.” He whispers “You need this, Colette. Your pack and even Merikh need it. I just need you to think. Don’t answer me right now. Discuss it with Merikh, think about it. This is something I feel like would be beneficial to the whole of our cause. You need to do what is best for your pack, not just your relationshits“. 
###Chapter 64
Chapter 64 
“I should get back to Merikh,” I mutter. Confliction stirring in my head and chest. 
I know Caspian is right. My powers, whatever they may be, could very much come in handy and, as someone who can’t offer much in the way of my werewolf abilities, this would be a huge advantage for us. 
What I did in the woods with the fake giants was something I had no idea I could do. Heck, I’m not sure I could even do it 
if I tried. But if the ocean makes me stronger than the fresh–water lake in my pack, should I not try to see what it can do 
again for me? 
“Promise me you will consider it?” He asks. The sincerity in his voice is enough to make me see he wants this not to just keep me safe where he lives, but he wants me to learn, to grow. 
“I will think about it.” I tell him with a tight smile as I back away and turn, heading toward the mansion that once was so grand. 
As I enter, I see Hayes storming out of a room, his fist flying into the adjacent wall as he screams in anger. I stop, watching as he drags his hands through his hair and then leans forward, resting his forehead above where he punched a hole. 
“Hayes,” I call out to him, walking in his direction as he straightens himself up and turns, shock written on his face. He tries to hide the hole in the wall, leaning against it with his back and clearing his throat. 
“Luna,” He says, bowing his head in respect, which only makes me raise a brow. Hayes has been respectful to me, but he is my brother through my mate, not just a beta or a pack member. It is so obvious that he is hurting and it’s not just Merikh being injured. 
“Leandra still not speaking?” I ask him and he looks down 
“How am I supposed to reject her if she can’t respond?” he growls, though his anger is not directed toward me. 
“Why would you reject her?” I ask him and he looks at me like I’ve lost all ability to speak coherently. 
“She is a traitor. I can’t take her as my mate now.” 
I frown at the man I know to be wise beyond his years. One whose opinion is highly valued not only by Merikh but everyone who knows him. But maybe that is why he is so great at advice. Because he can see things from the outside perspective and with this situation, he is in the thick of it. Making terrible mistakes without asking anyone for their external thoughts or opinions. When it comes to his own life, he is lost. 
“Being a traitor is a conscious choice.” I say softly, “I doubt she asked to be bewitched and used against her own kind. Seems to me she was used, not asked.” 
Hayes presses his head back into the wall, lifting it and slamming it back. He does it again, hammering it against it twice, now three times, before I step closer and place my hand where the back of his head is repeatedly hitting. He stops and tilts his head to look at me, sadness in his eyes. 
“What the hell am I supposed to do? I prize loyalty above everything, Colette,” He whispers, sounding broken. “Seeing her out there, fighting us..I can’t erase it. The colors of her eyes didn’t matter. She was going to kill my alpha, her alpha. How do I just forget that?” 
“I don’t know.” I tell him honestly, my shoulders popping up in a shrug. “But I think it’s worth trying 
“It’s like…everything went to hell when those damn zombie wolves arrived and now…now we are stuck there. Burning for the sins of our ancestors and tearing everyone else down with us,” He scoffs. 
“That’s an interesting way of putting it, 1 admit. “Not quite how I see it, though.” 
“Yeah, well, how the hell would you describe it?” He scoffs, his frustration seeping through his words. “We’ve been attacked so many damn times I can’t count anymore. We make no headway, these assholes just take win after win and we just lose everything.” 
“It’s just life.” I shrug. “For so damn long, I was living in hell. Stagnant. Nothing to do or live for, losing everything, including 
Chapter 64 
who I was every day. I lived longer. Sometimes one person’s hell is another person’s salvation. All of this? These fights, these losses? That’s proof we are still fighting. Proof these assholes can’t beat us.” 
“So what you are saying is if we fight long enough, eventually we will win one?” He scoffs, and I chuckle. 
“I don’t know.” I admit. “But giving up on the things that can make what you call hell feel a little less awful won’t guarantee you any wins, either.” 
He snaps his mouth shut, looking at the door across from us. Then he sighs. 
“Brent is with Percy, trying to break the hold they have on him. Then he will be here, working on Leandra next.” 
? 
should be there with her. I can only imagine how hard it will be for her to understand what happened, what is 
“And happening 
“I have to reject her once she is free…” He whispers. “I just don’t know that I can do it. She is my mate, who I have waited for. But what if she is my Lauren…?” 
I frown, hating how stubborn he is, but then again, he is so like his brother in that regard. 
*Leandra will need time to come to terms with everything first, Hayes.” I say. “So I am going to ask you to not reject her for a month. Let her heal, come to terms with how used she was. Who knows, maybe you both will help each other.” 
He opens his mouth to say something, but I shake my head and step away from him. 
“And she is not ‘your Lauren! She was a one of a kind backstabbing bitch. She chose to betray Merikh and you. Leandra had no control over her actions. 
“I suppose.” He murmurs, pushing off the wall.. 
“Don’t make me use my mate against you, Hayes.” I give him a stern look and he frowns. “There is no need to be in hell when you have the option of heaven. Stop being such a stickler for your made up rules and live a little. If Merikh and I can make this work, you can at least give her a chance. 
As I turn to walk away, an ear–piercing scream tears through the hall, coming from behind the closed door where Leandra is. 1 rush forward to throw it open, but Hayes beats me to the handle. The door flies open and Leandra is on the ground writhing in pain as gasping cry tumbling from her lips, 
Hayes drops to his knees, pulling her head into his lap, cupping her face as she shakes and cries out again. His eyes are filled with agony as he looks at me, trying to figure out what to do. I rush over to her, touching her skin, and notice how cold she is and how frail she feels. She is malnourished and something, or someone, is causing her immense pain. 
“Shhh, it’s okay, I’ve got you” Hayes whispers to her. Leandra’s shaking hands reach out and grip into his forearms, holding onto Hayes tightly as her eyes roll to the back of her head. “Shit, shit shit.” Hayes panics as he shakes her gently. 
“I need to go find Brent or Elm,” I say, jumping up and sprinting out of the room. I don’t make it three steps before Brent breaks into the room, his face pale and blood dripping from his nose. His state catches me off guard as I reach out and help him stand upright. 
“What the hell is going on?” I ask him, and he sucks in a shuddering breath. 
“They are fighting back. He whispers. 
“Who is fighting back?” I ask and Hayes looks at me. 
“The who has them in the curse?” He growls. “Does that mean they are close?” 
Brent nods, and Hayes jumps up immediately, rushing out the door. 
“Damn it.” I groan, helping Brent to the nearest chair before I tear from the room, sprinting after Hayes. 
I scream after him, only for him to ignore my every attempt, so 1 kick my speed up. I may not know how to fight, but ruming 
is slowly becoming my thing. Well, hiking was, but stamina is stamina, so I race toward him. 
PM 
Chapter 64 
“Hayes! Stop!” I cry out in my Luna voice, hoping the command is enough to make him stop. 
But it’s not. That or he intentionally tuned me out, so he didn’t have to hear my commands. I should stop, and I should reach out to Merikh. He is the only person I know who can get through to Hayes, but he is injured and the second I say something. he will come running. I can’t risk that. 
So I instead make the incredibly stupid executive decision to stick with Hayes and ensure he is safe. Two is better than one when it comes to fighting and though I don’t offer much by way of packing a punch, I can turn water on like a spout and blind a bitch if I need to. I hope I can anyway. 
I follow his scent until I see him stopped and looking around in the woods, trying to figure out which way to go. He spins in a circle, growling in frustration, before cursing the moon goddess for the shit going wrong in the moment. 
“Hayes.” I say, gently. 
“You shouldn’t have come out here.” He hisses, stalking toward me. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?” 
“Are you?” I spit at him. “Rushing out into the woods with no idea where you are going and who you are looking for? The same words. I remind you, that you were attacked in my spelled giant like things. 
“I’m trying to save her. They are hurting her on purpose. He grits out. 
“They are trying to lure us out and they are, yet again, winning. You are letting them win, Hayes.” I say, my eyes boring a hole 
into his. 
“You are the one that told me to give her time, Luna. This is me trying to buy her that damn time. Please, I am begging you… help me find this bastard and end them.” His eyes are wild and his voice desperate, and I realize there is no way I can deny his heartfelt plea 
“Do you have any idea where they might be?” I ask him with a heavy exhale and his eyes water. 
“Not yet.” He mutters. 
“Then let’s start looking,” I agree. “But no telling Merikh until we are done. Deal?” I ask, and he nods in agreement. Neither of us wants Merikh out here dealing with things in his state. 
###Chapter 65
Chapter 65 
person 
Hayes is frantic, not thinking right as he rushes through the woods, his head swinging from side to side. We know the who is controlling them is close. They have to be for Leandra to wake up from her void state. The question is, where is this person now? How close do they have to be? 
It feels like an hour has gone by and Hayes is sweating, his hair a mess as he drags his hands through it for the hundredth time. No amount of telling him we will find them or to focus on looking will calm him. The poor man is distraught and crumbling with every passing second. 
“Hayes,” I say, trying to get his attention as I step in front of him with my hands out. He scowls, saying nothing as he tries to step around me. I slide to the side. He is moving too, and he growls. “Enough!” he roars. “Go back to the mansion if you want to give up. I didn’t ask you to come with me.” 
“I wasn’t going to suggest we stop looking.” I sigh. “I was going to suggest we split up. Cover more ground.” 
He thinks about it for a second and then he pinches the bridge of his nose, shaking his head. 
“No, not a chance in hell, Luna. I may be falling apart here, but I am not crazy enough to let you leave my side. You are my Luna and Merikh would literally kick my ass.” 
I sigh, not really surprised or upset by his answer, but I needed him to relax, come back to his senses instead of storming through the woods like a frantic animal looking for a way out of a forest fire. 
“We have been looking for an hour.” I tell him and he groans, throwing his hands up. 
“I know, I know.” 
“Brent has probably already broken the curse, and Leandra is lonely and terrified. We need to go back.” I say with a sympathetic smile. “Making sure she is okay is more important” 
“Or you both could make another lap.” A feminine voice says, sounding amused. “I don’t mind waiting if you want to keep looking for someone you won’t find.” 
I spin slowly, my eyes landing on a beautiful woman with deep brown hair and a crown made of pearls and silver. Her arms are crossed over her midnight velvet dress, a smirk on her pink lacquered lips. Her eyes are a stunning shade of orange, accented by dark mascara and eyeliner. 
“Oh, I think we have found who we are looking for,” Hayes growls, moving toward her. I stop him by grabbing his arm. 
I’m not sure how many strange women there are wandering around the woods out here, but before we go on the attack and kill someone, I want to make sure it’s the right someone. 
No more zombie wolves, no more controlling the people we care about and want to protect. If this is Lily, if this is the bitch toying with people’s minds, I will let Hayes end her sorry existence. 
“Lily..?” I whisper and she quirks an eyebrow, fear flashing in her eyes. 
“I do not want to harm you.” She says and I scoff, watching as Hayes‘ fists clench, his knuckles growing white. 
“I am doubtful of that, considering you have already hurt so many people.” I tell her, and she takes a step closer to me. Hayes growls, stepping between us as he glares at her, barely restraining himself and his lycan 
“All I want is to speak with you.” She insists. “It is urgent.” 
*You want to talk to me? Fine, but my time comes at a price,” I say, shrugging and crossing my arms over my chest, taking a 
similar stance to hers. 
“What?” Hayes whips his head to look at me like I am insane. 
“Name your price then.” She says, grinning, looking both pleased and relieved at my answer. 
“Release the curse on my kind.” I say, matching her grin with a snarky smile. She laughs, the sound much like a song as it echors back off the trees. 
“Tam afraid I can’t do that” She shakes her head 
Chapter 65 
“Then we have nothing to discuss.” I tell her, “And I can let Hayes kill you to release the others.” 
Hayes steps forward, his lycan breaking free before she juts her chin to a tree. A branch cracks, crashing down on Hayes. He tries to dodge it, but he isn’t quick enough as it lands on his legs. He groans in pain and I rush to him, my wolf prickling in my mind, wanting to be let out. 
“I can not do that, but I can help you.” She explains. 
“I don’t understand how you can help me with anything. The only thing I want is my kind free from your mind tricks.” 
“I will help your beta if you speak with me.” She says, pointing to Hayes. “I will remove the branch and heal him.” 
I look at Hayes, who struggles to move the thick branch. Even in his lycan form, he is stuck. 
“What could you possibly have to talk with me about?” I ask her, trying not to look nervous over the amount of blood pooling around Hayes, 
“Rumor has it you are a hybrid,” she says. 
“You know I am.” I scowl at her. “You and Giselle, and whoever the hell else is on your side.” 
“What kind of hybrid?” she asks and I furrow my brows, once again confused by her questions. Why the hell is she asking these questions? Is she trying to verify what she already knows or tricking me into some strange admission to use against me? “Again, you already know this,” I tell her, and her eyes light up. “So why are you asking such stupid questions?” 
“So it’s true…” she chuckles, placing her hands on her head. “Holy shit. Caspian actually had an offspring. I thought Elm was making shit up.” 
“Not just an offspring, but a Luna.” I scowl at her. She nods like she is processing the information. 
“Yes, yes, that is right. He had mentioned you are mated to the Lycan King. How is he, by the way? When I received word of his injuries, I knew I had to come and help offer my services.” 
There is no way this woman is Lily. Not with these questions. The only thing remaining is who the hell is she. Because if she isn’t Lily, then why the hell is she here right now? 
“You aren’t Lily, are you?” I ask her, and she shakes her head. 
“No, I am not. She smiles. “I am a fae, but I am not L Lily 
I blink at her, my eyes wide as she chuckles and waves her hand like it’s no big deal. 
“Then help my Beta. Now.” I point to Hayes and she extends her hand, the tree branch lifting and the blood around him tickling backwards up his leg and back into his wound. I blink as I watch it in slow motion, like a movie in reverse. Hayes equally stunned into silence. 
“Now that we have that settled. Why don’t you take me back to the mansion with you?” 
“Not until you tell me who the hell you are.” I glare at her. “You stopped us, injured my beta, asked me off the wall questions and all I know about you is that you are not Lily and you are a Fae. I don’t know you well enough to trust you.” I tell her. 
are 
Hayes stands, looking at his lower half like he had just seen a ghost, then his eyes meet mine. 
“She is the princess.” He whispers, looking at the Fae once more, who smiles. 
“That I am. My name is Hyacinth. Elm is my brother.” She says, giving me a nod. “I am here to help with your bewitched. friends and even heal your alpha 
“He actually sent for you.” A voice from my dreams tuts. My skin goosebumps, my head spinning as I try to keep myself from breaking down. The fear claws at my chest, making its way up my throat in a painful bubble as I turn and look at a woman 
with white hair. 
Her skin is pale, her eyes an icy blue as she smirks at me, enjoying the effect she has over me. She stays near a tree, keeping her distance, and I realize it’s more of a projection of her. She is not physically here, yet…it feels like she is breathing down my 
nerk 
Chapter 65 
“Ah. You came too.” Hyacinth says, frowning. “Did Elm call you, or did you feel guilty for starting all of this shit and come to apologize?” 
“Oh no. I am here just to play a little. I’m bored. All my play things are locked up and I just can’t quite reach them, and with you coming to set them free, I figured I could at least have a chokehold on this one.” Lily says. 
“Are you that much of a coward you can’t come in your physical form?” I ask, trying to sound strong. 
She cackles, her figure floating over to Hayes as she makes like she is touching his check. He swipes at her and his hand right through her form as she giggles. 
goes 
“Oh stop, that tickles and my elm is a rather possessive Fae King. He won’t like it if I tell him you touched me.” She teases. 
“You are sorely mistaken if you think he has any feelings for you now,” Hyacinth says, sounding bored. 
“No?” She shrugs. Then why did he sneak me back into his room for a little fun? How else do you think I got my hands on that little sweet redheaded gamma? Elm supports me, Hyacinth.” 
My stomach churns and I look at Hayes, the two of us caught between a fight we don’t know how to win as these two fae women face off in a verbal war. Then Lily swoops in front of me, stopping only to grin. 
Tell 
my 
Elm I am ready for him now. That he no longer has to fake being on your side, and then she vanishes. 
###Chapter 66
Chapter 66 
Merikh sits on the edge of the bed, his muscles quivering as he stares at Hyacinth, who looks out of place in her velvet dress and crown. I take his hand in mine, his fingers twitching as he frowns up at me, 
“You went into the woods? Without me?” He asks, his lips pinched together as he processes what I’ve told him so far… 
“Well, you aren’t exactly mobile, Merikh. Hayes was in a panic and I’ve never seen him like that. It scared me, so I had to go with him.” I say, defensively. 
“Hayes is a big boy. He can take care of himself,” he says flatly, his eyes narrowed. “You should have woken me up or taken Penny as well, or something.” 
“There wasn’t any time for any of that.” I tell him truthfully. “Hayes took off. He wasn’t in his right mind. Plus, I’m a big girl and I don’t need to always be coddled or protected.” 
“First of all 1 
of all, Hayes is always in his right mind. He doesn’t do irrational or erratic behavior.” He argues back. “And big girl or not, you are a Luna! not a warrior, Colette.” 
“Exactly, I am a Luna, and one with water skills. I am not completely useless anymore, Merikh. I am learning and getting stronger.” 
“That doesn’t matter. It was stupid and you should have- 
“Oh, come on!” I throw my hands up in anger. “His mate was in pain, and he was helpless. If you had seen him, Merikh. He was so broken. How would you have reacted? If it had been you next to him?” I ask him. He looks away, his jaw muscles tensing before he sighs heavily. 
“Fine. So you went into the woods and found a random woman and decided to bring her back with you?” He asks, peeking past me at Hyacinth, who wanders around the room like she is assessing the decorations. 
“Not just a random woman,” she murmurs without sparing him a glance. “A fae princess.” 
He rolls his eyes and scoffs. 
“Okay..but…that’s not even what is important right now,” I groan, pinching the bridge of my nose with my free hand. This is not going well at all Clearly, his pain is making him unreasonable, well, more unreasonable than usual. 
“For fuck’s sake, what the hell could be more important than you running off after fucking danger with our unhinged beta when people are out there trying to fucking kill you?” He asks in a growly voice, his eyes dark with anger as he stares at me. 
“That beta is your brother, I remind him with a scowl, choosing to ignore the logic he spews about the imminent danger surrounding my very existence. 
“And what did my brother think he would find out there to help his mate?” He asks, pushing up off the bed, grimacing as he straightens 
“That is what I am trying to tell you, but you won’t let me talk long enough to finish the damn story.” I hiss at him. 
Merikh snaps his mouth shut and looks away, his anger filtering in through the mate bond, but I know he can feel my frustration too. I refuse to be made to feel guilty for doing what had to be done, for doing exactly what he would have done. Was it potentially dangerous? Yes, I get that and I understand his fury, but it doesn’t make going out there wrong. 
“I will remain silent while you explain, then.” He clips out, tilting his head. 
“Should I just wait outside until this little lover’s spat is over!” Hyacinth asks and I glare at her. 
“Sit down, please?” I say through tight lips. She smirks and throws her hands up in defeat. Then I look back at Merikh, focusing on explaining all of this as fast and detailed as possible so we can get him healed already. 
“Hayes was freaking out because for Leandra to be in that much pain, Lily had to be nearby.. I tell him and his shoulders tense, making him wince. “She came in like..I don’t know, a weird ghost like form. Or something like that, but she was able to have an effect on Leandra.” 
“What?” He asks, his eyes going wide as he looks at me and then at Hyacinth behind me. “Is that a fun Fae trick, to be somewhere you aren’t physical at?” 
Chapter 00 
“Not one that I was ever aware of, no.” She frowns. “But then again, as Fae, we all have o with others.” 
“Then what happened?” Merikh asks. 
our special tricks we don’t always share 
“Well..We were ready to fight, Hyacinth. I thought she was Lily, but once she explained who she was and why she was here, we came back after weird ghost Lily disappeared.” 
He scoffs, then it turns into an amused chuckle before growing into a full–fledged laugh. I stare at him, both confused and awed by the sound, until he shakes his head and calms down. 
“And you just took her word for it and brought her back with you?” He asks, arching a brow as he hobbles around me, moving 
toward her. 
“When you put it that way, it makes it sound like I was being stupid.” I frown. “But I followed my gut instinct, and well…she promised to heal you.” 
Merikh spins, losing his footing slightly as I reach out and steady him, my hands on his bare chest as I meet his eyes with mine. He has shut me out of the mind link, not letting me in right now, and it makes my wolf whine in desperation for that connection. Merikh is clearly not happy with me and my choices, but I fail to see how he would have done anything differently. 
“Holy toads on a flaming log. Hyacinth gasps, her hand over her mouth and her eyes trained on Merikh’s back. “How the hell are you standing with an injury like that?” 
Merikh looks annoyed as he closes his eyes and inhales deeply. Then 1 help him turn to look at her with his expressionless. face. 
“You may be a fae princess, but I am a fucking king. I have had many injuries in my life. This one, though painful, will not be the end of me, so why should I lie and wallow) 
“It’s not wallowing, it’s pain.” She says, looking at him curiously. “But your kind has a strange ability to push pain away at times, yes?” 
“Yes, and the mate bond acts as a sort of pain blocker when we touch.” I tell her and she makes an impressed face. 
“How very interesting.” She makes a movement with her hand, indicating that Merikh should spin for her but instead of responding he scowls and remains statuesque. 
“Merikh, she is just here to help. I whisper, but he doesn’t budge. 
“Until Elm shows up to verify she is who she is claiming to be, she won’t look at shit,” He growls, his eyes trained on her like he thinks she may launch herself at us at any moment. 
“Good, he should already be on his way down here. After all, he is expecting me.” She says in an equally sassy tone. 
“She is here to heal you. Not win your trust.” I growl, annoyed. What I want is for Merikh to stop getting in his own damn way and let her heal him. The sooner he is healed, the sooner I can make my decision about if I want to visit the siren world I knew nothing about. 
“The two go hand in hand, Colette. To need to be healed is admitting I am weak, and can you just trust any wornan in the woods claiming to be a princess?” 
1 lick my teeth, annoyed with Merikh. The situation, all of it. Hyacinth saunters over to a chair and slides into it silently, her eyes still wandering around the room before settling on me with a genuine smile. 
There is a knock on the door and I look between Merikh who scowls at Hyacinth and the ethereal fae woman with a stunning smile on her lips. Then I move to the door, relieved when I see a gaunt–looking Elm. 
“Elm,” I say and he meets my gaze, his eyes full of sadness and agony. 
“Is my sister here with you? Hayes mentioned she would come to see Merikh,” 
“I am here, brother.” She says, jumping up as he pushes past me. Hyacinth wraps her arms around him, whispering something in the Fae language before breaking away and giving him a sympathetic look. 
“Heal Merikh first and then we can discuss–he pauses and clears his throat. “Discuss what has transpired and what we need 
to do next. 
Chapter 66 
“Satisfied?” she asks, smirking at Merikh as she moves toward him. He grunts and turns so she can see his back. Merikh leans down on the side table, pressing his palms onto it as she touches his back, making him nearly jump to the ceiling. 
“Fuck!” He growls loudly. 
“These burns…” she muses. “They are from a dragon Elm said.” 
“Yeah, Giselle shot a ball of fire at Colette and he took the hit,” Elm says walking over. My face turns pink, my heart racing at the terrible memory. 
“But this is not a dragon’s flame. This is…this is magical, Elm.” She whispers, her words frantic as she slides a worried glance in my direction. 
“What the hell does that mean?” I ask. 
“That’s not possible. Dragons, even in human form, shoot the same flame, Cinth.” Elm argues with her. 
“This is a purely, magically wound.” She argues back. “I don’t know what to tell you, other than this is not a dragon’s flame. 
“What does that mean!?” I yell, finally getting their attention. 
“It means I can’t heal him. Not completely.” She whispers, and I look at Elm who drags his hands through his hair cursing. 
“And that Giselle is not what she claims to be. She is not a dragon.” Elm says as the thought comes to him. 
“Then what the hell is she?” Merikh asks. 
“I don’t know.” Elm says with a forlorn look on his face. “But she isn’t what she claimed to be and somehow, we all missed it.” 
10:37 AM 
###Chapter 67
Chapter 67 
“Merikh 
Elm’s words ring in my ears. The severity of what is unraveling before us is astounding. How the hell we all missed it, how I dismissed the signs and blamed someone else for the red–eyed wolves? It was so easy for them to use my blatant hatred for Johannes and the vampires against me. 
Giselle, the person who has been on the council for many years longer than I have, isn’t the species she said she was? Then what the is she? Species can sense their own kind, so we would all have known if she was one of us. How could she get away with this for so long! How could not a single person know! 
“This is a joke. It has to be.” I say, looking between Elm and the woman he claims is his sister, hoping they tell me it is. Elm averts his eyes and clears his throat. “Are you serious right now? How the hell does something like this even happen? Someone can just pretend to be a species?” 
“You didn’t notice anything off about her or her scent.” He asks me like I am the one who is at fault. I scoff, shaking my head. 
“I have only ever met her as a dragon representative. It is how she was introduced to me. Lycans and wolves use our scent to determine species and if she has been the only so–called dragon I have met, then how the am I supposed to know it is wrong?” I snap at him. Elm places his hands on his head, breathing deeply. 
“None of this matters right now,” Colette says softly, touching my arm as she pulls me toward her. 
“It most certainly matters.” I scoff, looking down at her. She shakes her head. “What could be more important?” 
“What matters right now, at this moment, is getting you better.” She says, a command in her eyes that only adds to the burning irritation in my gut. 
“My injuries are nothing in the face of everything happening. At this point, we should head back to our pack and heal there, where we are safer.” I tell her. Colette ignores me as she turns away and moves toward Elm’s sister. 
“You said you can’t heal his injury. Are you completely sure?” She asks, sounding desperate. “There is absolutely nothing you can do?” 
Hyacinth frowns and looks at me 
“Would you mind letting me look once more?” She asks, and I chuckle dryly. This is such a crock of shit, these empty promises of getting fixed when my lycan is already working overtime to do just that. 
“This is useless,” I tell everyone, looking around the room at all three of them. “You have already established there is nothing to do with magical injuries like this. What is the point of trying when you will only fail?” 
“I don’t want to try. I just want to be sure there is nothing I can offer to help.” She frowns. 
I grit my teeth, looking at Colette who begs with her big puppy eyes, and I groan in frustration. What I want is to rest, with my mate actually staying by my side. What I need is for people to stop acting like I am on my deathbed and not getting better every little by little. 
“Fine,” I say through a clenched jaw, once again turning my back so she can see it. 
Colette slides onto the side table, sitting on it with my hands gripping the sides to her waist. She places her hands on my shoulders, those addictive and familiar sparks drawing out a sigh of content as my pain lessens significantly. 
“This may hurt as I poke and prod around your injury” Hyacinth says, her footsteps padding across the floor toward me. 
Her fingers are warm, exploring the singed skin on the outside of the wound. She hums in question once or twice, a sharp pain radiating through my spine as she presses on the most tender area at the upper part near my shoulder. Again she hums in thought and I sigh heavily, Ready to be done. 
Colette’s hands slide up my neck, finding either side of my jaw as she cups my face and makes me look at her. Her all seeing brown eyes meet mine and she frowns before pressing her forehead to mine. 
“Are you okay?” She whispers. 
“Fine.” I mutter, not wanting to unload on her how I really am. Because right now I am far from fine. 
I am livid, and in pain and murderous and…well..I’m very mad about everything 
My mate’s father wants to steal her away. There is an unknown species who took out a chunk off my back and is leading a war against 
1235 PM 
Chapter 67 
half of the council. Ex Council, actually. And there are random people coming and going in a partially demolished mansion. 
We are not safe here, we are exposed. Our location is known to our enemies. Even with the help of our allies, who I am not even sure we can trust, we are sitting and waiting for disaster to strike. And to top it all off, my brother, and beta, has lost his ever–loving mind over a mate he keeps insisting he wants to reject. 
“Then let me in,” Colette whispers, and I exhale deeply. 
“I can’t.” I tell her honestly. She can’t know what I am feeling. I already look like a weak asshole in my current state. I don’t need her knowing my mental state is just as messy. 
“Fuuuuck,” I groan, pain racing up my spine as my whole body shivers and I squeeze my eyes closed tight. 
“Sorry,” she whispers, sounding distracted. 
“Hyacinth…” Elm says, his voice one full of pain. 
“Yes, brother?” she asks him, another jab of pain rolling through me. Colette pulls back, leaving her hands on my face as she makes me look at her, my breathing ragged and my muscles quaking under my weight. 
“Did you see her?” Elm asks, and she stops what she is doing at my back. 
“In a sense,” she answers after a moment. She then taps my shoulder, leaning forward so I can see her. “Take a seat on the bed.” 
Colette slips to her feet, helping me stand upright before I step backward two small steps and she helps to ease me down onto the bed. 
“Hyacinth.” Elm demands with his voice and she rolls her eyes before looking at him. 
“What could possibly be more important than what I am currently doing?” 
“Did you see Lily?” He asks, tears in his eyes and his fists clenching and releasing anxiously. 
“Yes, I saw the power hungry bitch.” She says, crossing her arms over her chest. 
“She is not a power hungry bitch.” He snaps, and she throws her hands up in exasperation. 
“Even now? Even after what happened, what she has done behind your back, you still defend her?” Hyacinth asks in exasperation. 
“She is my queen,” He reminds her. “And yours.” 
“No. She is a traitor to our kind, and I warned you about her over and over again.” She hisses, 
“Enough.” Colette says. “Elm, she was there, but like a hallucination or a ghost. Your Lily admitted to what she is doing. Hyacinth is right. Lily is a traitor and has been planning this for sometime.” 
He looks at Colette, shocked. Then he paces away, dropping into the armchair, his head in his hands. 
“What the am I supposed to do?” He asks, looking at me for an answer. 
“You need to tell your kind,” I say after a moment. “We all need to go back to our respective homes and recover, recuperate and devise plans of action. War isn’t just marching to us, it has wings, we are running out of time.” 
###Chapter 68
Chapter 68 
“It’s not that simple.” Elm says, sitting forward. “She is my queen, their queen. I can not simple declare she is not bt for the role and rai her out” 
“Why not?” I ask, baffled that her actions aren’t enough for her to be completely cut off by her kind. “She has chosen a war on the opposite side of your people.” 
“Because there are laws and stipulations to think about,” He says, growing more irate by the second. 
“You can bypass all of those, Elm Hyacinth says, a bored frown on her lips. He snaps his eyes in her direction, anger simmering there. She places her hands on her hips, readying herself for any verbal assault be flings her way. 
“You are second guessing your side, Merikh whispers. Elm looks away, clearing his throat before he rubs his temple. 
“No, no, that’s not i…” He says after a pregnant pause that has my heart pounding and my mind swirling. 
Is he changing his mind? Does he love his traitorous queen so much that he would rather reposition himself and his kind against us in this war? I move toward him, my eyes trained on his face, trying to determine if I can trust a thing he says now. After that hesitation, the way he is refusing to inform his community about what has happened and how she is evil. 
“Then explain it, Elm.” I say firmly, stopping in front of him. 
“Love is not something Fae look for or really care about in relationships. But I love her. Still, after all of this, I want my Lily back. I want to know what made her do it, what was promised. Without her title, she is no longer protected. If I declare her a traitor now, there will be no answers as Fae kill on sight for sins of betrayal. He says, his eyes watery but no tears fall. 
“She did it because she is a selfish bitch who has always only cared about herself. She saw the opportunity to get what she wants, and she is taking it,” Hyacinth scoffs as she rolls her eyes. “You are the only fool that didn’t see her for what she is.” 
“Everyone leave,” I say, a wave of exhaustion rising above my head, drowning me in irritability and the need to just sleep this nightmare off. All this shit, the feelings Elm is feeling for his mate, who turns out to be just like my ex. It’s sickening. It brings up a past “me” that I hated. One who was a slave to someone who wished to only use me. 
“You have always disliked her, I know that, but the people accepted her. The Fae have always loved her and treated her well.” Elm says. clearly not hearing me. 
“You loved a version of her no one else knew, because she was faking it for you.” I groan, moving on the bed. 
“How do you know that?” He asks, snorting like I’m the dumb one in the conversation. Clearly, he is not seeing things with an open 
mind. 
“It is easier to fake it for one person than it is for a whole slew of them. Take it from one betrayed king to another. She used you for access to the power a royal is given. How the hell else would she be able to use these abilities at the magnitude that she has?” I tell 
him. 
“He makes a fair point,” Colette adds. “Who else do you know who can possess an entire pack at the same time?” 
“Who else in our kingdom has the time and is always traveling for peace?” Hyacinth asks. 
Elm stands and silently makes his way to the door. He doesn’t pause as he flings it open and exits the room, leaving Colette and Hyacinth here with me. 
“Well, that didn’t go over well.” Colette whistles. Hyacinth sighs heavily and then turns to look at me. 
“I need to speak with him, but first I can heal a part of your injury. The bruises that were made on impact from the magical fire are something I can heal, as it is untouched underneath the top of the skin.” She says, “Then I need to go try to mend my brother’s heart” 
oves to me without 
1 catch Colette’s relief through the mate bond and I put my hand out for her to come and stand by me. She moves to me hesitation, taking my cool hand in hers. 
“This is going to hurt before it gets better.” Hyacinth whispers. 
She moves to my back, a soft throbbing in my muscles grows more intense, like a weight pressing into me. My chest grows tight, and nay breathing more labored as I close my eyes and grit my teeth. I can feel my spine creaking and my ribs suddenly shift, cracking with soch Tonce I gasp, unable to make a sound as the pain consumes me, 
Then it eases, my lungs filling with air with rase, and my muscles no longer tense and aching. I look at Colette who watches me close, 
Ling over her perfect·lips. 
Chapter of 
“That is all I can do Hyacinth says, sounding tired. “Your bruising seems like it was a little more than that. But you should heal much faster with your fractured ribs now healed and your bruised spine now better.” 
“Thank you,” I tell her sincerely, and she steps around so I can see her. 
“The pleasure 
e is all mine, Alpha King.” She gives me a small bow before Colette yanks her into a hug, a tear on her cheek as she whispers thank you over and over. Hyacinth only chuckles at her, pulling away from the hug with a soft smile. 
“Aren’t you so glad you didn’t kill me in the woods now?” she asks and Colette nods. 
“Very much.” 
*Now, I have a brother to help through a terrible heartache.” She gives a tightlipped smile before disappearing, closing the door behind 
her. 
“How does it feel?” Colette asks me 
“Honestly, I think most of my pain was from the spine and ribcage.” I tell her, though it’s not the complete truth, but maybe she will stop babying me and stay with me in the bed tonight. For the whole damn night. 
She bites her lip, holding back a luminous smile, and I lift my arm, beckoning her to me. She snuggles up to my side, resting her head on my shoulder. We say nothing, just enjoying each other’s company before I can feel the shift in the room, the way the air grows tense and how the mind link shuts down. 
“What is it?” I ask her and she sighs 
“When will you head home?” She asks, and it feels like the world stops spinning on its axis, violently spiraling out of control and into chaos. 
“What the hell do you mean by “you?” I ask. “Do you mean we?” 
She says nothing and I scoff, wanting to punch Caspian for speaking to her about this after I told him not to mention it. Colette doesn’t have the option to go with him. She is mine, and she belongs at my side. She knows this, so why the is she acting like she has the option? 
“Caspian wants me to go with him- 
“I know. And the answer is no,” I say bluntly. “I need you, our pack and kind need you.” 
And 
I understand that, but what if I have more to offer?” She asks. 
“Like what?” I scoff 
“Like abilities I don’t know how to use yet, or strength I haven’t unlocked because I have only been in fresh water and not the ocean. Caspian is at his strongest when he is near seawater. Maybe 1 am the same.” 
“And what do you plan to do with these abilities?” I chuckle. Her going, her leaving at a time like this isn’t just absurd, it is stupid. Now is not the time for self–discovery and hopeful powers. It is the time to hunker down and plan for a war. 
“Fight by your side.” She says it like it’s so obvious. But it’s not. How can it be when it is very obvious that she won’t ever be asked to fight! 
“I need a Luna, not a warrior, Colette.” 
“I could be both.” She whispers 
“No.” I say firmly, putting an end to this. “No. You are not going, not when war is about to start. I need you with me. I have to know you are safe at all time otherwise I won’t be able to think.” 
“We will talk about this after you wake up.” She refuses to back down and 1 laugh. 
There is nothing left to discuss.” I tell her. 
“Fine, we will yell about it another time.” She says, shrugging “I wanted to be civil about it, but if you want to make it a fight, then we can fight in the morning. Right now, I need to sleep.” 
I frown to myself, trying to remember when she became such a strong–minded woman, but then my frown turns to a smile, realizing how far she has come since she came into my life. It was only a matter of time before my meek mate became the strong–headed lana she was meant to be. I just sort of hoped I wouldn’t be on the receiving end of it anymore. 
###Chapter 69
Chapter 69 
“Colette” 
I stare at myself in the mirror, my hair wet and dripping down my bare shoulders as I tilt my head, watching the droplets with intense concentration. My abilities take so much effort and emotion. I try to convince the droplets to float off my body but they don’t move, insteall rolling down like they would any other day before I knew what I was. 
-Colette?” Merikh calls, a soft rapping on the door with his knuckles. I sigh, frustrated with the stubborn man who should still be in his bed rest, not walking around the room in search of me. 
“Yes?” I call out. 
“Caspian is asking to speak with us,” He says, his voice muffled through the door. 
I gaze at myself once more, my stomach a mess of knots. Caspian is going to want my answer soon, and with Merikh wanting to leave as soon as possible, I need to decide what is best for me. For my pack. 
“Just give me a second.” I mutter, grabbing a towel and drying my hair as best as I can. I toss on my jeans and tank top, yanking on a linen button up as I exit the door and nearly run into Merikh. My eyes fly open wide, stopping in my tracks as he places his hands out to 
catch me. 
“Woah.” he chuckles before he pulls me close, wrapping his hands around my waist. “Trying to lay me out again?” 
“Are you kidding? Keeping you in bed is the hardest thing I have ever tried to do,” I tease, leaning into his chest as I look up into his eyes. There is more spark there, the dark circles under his eyes now gone and he looks good. Damn good, 
“There are some easy ways to keep me in bed,” He winks, leaning downL 
His lips press to mine, soft and sweet, before my fingers curl into his shirt, tugging him as close as possible. My mouth part, and his tongue teases me, darting out to skim the small opening I provide him. A little needy moan tumbles out and I can feel him smile against my lips before he applies more pressure. 
He latches onto my bottom lip, nibbling on the sensitive skin before he overtakes my mouth with his tongue. My hands glide up his neck. holding him in place, afraid he will pull away before I am ready to let him go. I can feel his fingers dig into my hips before they move lower, tucking into the back of my jean pockets. 
“We need to go,” he murmurs against me. 
“Mhmm,” I agree, not giving him the chance to stop us. He hasn’t been well enough for anything like this, me too afraid to hurt him and his need to be on his belly has really diminished any ability to be intimate. But if he can stand long enough, sit on the edge of the bed. then there are ways we can be together, or close. Right? 
Far too soon, Merikh pulls away, a grin on his all too handsome face as he looks down at me. 
-We need to go, my little luna.” He whispers, his nose rubbing against mine as he leans down once more, this time stealing a chaste to ensure I can’t ensnare him with another round. 
“You teased me first.” I remind him, thinking of all the ways I would like to make sure he stays in bed. It has been too long since we have been together. For a woman who has only just experienced what it is to be fully in union with her mate, it feels like a lifetime. 
“I promise to follow through on any teasing, but at a better time.” He says, stepping away from me as he entwines our hands and walks us toward the door. “We will have all the time in the world when we get home.” 
I nod in agreement, my heart hurting with the pending choice 1 have to make hanging over my head. Merikh eyes me suspiciously but he says nothing as we walk out the door and down the hallway. 
The tension between us seerns to rise with every step. As we approach dining room, we see Hyacinth sitting with Elm who looks bereaved, as if he is mourning someone. 
Menkh sprezes my hand, and Hyacinth sends me a soft sad smile before turning back to her brother who she tries to convince to take a bite of avocado toast as he stares at the wall. As we make it to the other hall, far enough away, I look over my shoulder. 
“Do you think he will end up choosing her?” I ask, uncertain where the line for loyalty is drawn. 
Lily betrayed him and their kind, but he has the choice to forgive her and lead his people down the path she has chosen. Elm doesn’t know me all that well, but we have a mutual respect for each other. What happens when it comes down to love vs. what is right? I can’t imagine the choice he is faced with 
12:10PM 
Chapter 69 
“No.” Merikh says with certainty. “A king’s duty is to their people’s well being first and foremost. What she has done, the predicament. she has put them in, it proves where her heart lies and that is with power. Not her kind.” 
“But he loves her-“I say, but Merikh sighs, making me pause. 
“Elm is distraught because he has already made his choice. That is why he is grieving his loss.” 
“I see I murmur, frowning as we approach my biological father’s door. I reach for the handle, but Merikh pulls me back, making me look up at him with a small frown. 
“Wait..” He whispers, inhaling deeply. 
“What?” Task 
“We need to be on the same page. He says firmly. “We are leaving tonight, heading back to our pack under the cover of darkness.” 
“And you are only just now telling me this?” I scoff, frustrated that he is only just now telling me this. 
“Percy is doing better, and Hayes feels Leandra deserves a chance and wants to be at home for that. Add in the fact that I will heal faster in our pack than here. It is a logical decision. Heading home is for the best for everyone.” He says with a shrug. 
Except he is wrong. How does he know it is the best for me? My strength is untested, unknown. Is it best for me to head home and cower? To go and hide behind my people who will fight for me while I am sitting around, too weak to be at their sides like a good leader should‘ 
“Ah,” Caspian says, his door swinging open. “I was wondering when you two would grace me with your presence.” 
He smiles at us before motioning for us to enter. Merikh leads us in and I release his hand, making my way to a chair, using it as an excuse to not have to touch him when I’m growing increasingly angry with him by the second. 
“I have to admit, Merikh, I am very pleased to see you up and moving. You had me worried there for a bit, Caspian says, sounding genuine. Merikh chuckles. 
“I am damn happy to be up and moving. Thankfully Hyacinth thought to search for a different way to heal what she could.” He says and 
dad nods in agreement 
my 
“She is an asset on this side of war 
“I am assuming you heard we plan to leave tonight,” Merikh asks and I watch as he arches a brow. Caspian nods his head slowly, his eyes skirting to me for a brief moment. 
“Yes” He says before he takes a seat himself. “Am I also to assume you will be going with your mate?” 
“Of course she is. Merikh answers for me and I lick my teeth, hiding a dry chuckle, unable to hide my irritation. We haven’t even had the time to discuss this yet, Why the hell does he think he has the right to answer when I don’t even know for sure yet what I wish to do? 
“Forgive me, alpha, but I was not talking to you.” He says, looking between us. “I was speaking to my daughter. The one I was estranged from for years, the same one I wish to help grow stronger.” 
“Daughter or not, the decision has been made.” Merikh reiterates 
“I think you should reconsider. Caspian says, looking at me. 
I can feel my skin heating, the anger barely restrained as I search for the words to speak but fail. 
“Once things settle down, after this mess is all cleaned up, then she can visit for a short time. But right now, it is important that she remain with me in our pack, Merikh answers for me yet again. 
I am brought back to everything in our relationship. The way I have never really made a decision of my own. I had no choice but to mate with Merikh, not really. Not that I regret accepting his offer, but I was a pawn to him. And then again, when didn’t tell me who I was, and the way he tricked me with Grady. 
And now, after last night, telling him we need to talk about this, he has made his own decision about me and what I will do. He disregarded my feelings about what he thinks is best. 
I love this stubborn man, and I know he wants me near him because he loves me and wants me safe. But I can be so much more than another person to protect. There is potential for me to be able to rely on myself. To trust my abilities and not be a burden, but an asset. 
“Is that what you want, Colette? Caspian asks, “To wait until after the war r to train and discover your abilities!” 
12:10 PM E 
Chapter 69 
I look at Merikh, and I know he can feel my inner turmoil brewing. I can tell by the way he doesn’t respond to me again. The panic growing in his eyes as I look away and clear my throat, letting my heart do the talking for me. 
“No.” I whisper, “No, it’s not what I want to do.” 
Chapter 388 
###Chapter 70
Chapter 70
Merikh scoffs, looking away from me angrily, his jaw clenching. I look up at Caspian, who looks between my mate and me with a somber look on his face. It’s obvious he thinks I should go with him, but that doesn’t mean he enjoys the turmoil it brings me.
“So you aren’t coming home with me, then?” Merikh asks, trying hard to control his words and the anger behind them.
“No, that is not what I am saying, either.” I sigh, closing my eyes for a moment before I inhale and meet his fiery gaze. I can see the hurt on his face, feel his confusion through the mate bond.
“Then what do you want?” he asks. His voice has shifted, no longer filled with anger. Instead, it is soft, resolved, as he waits for my answer.
“I want to be able to make the decision on my own.” I tell him, and he shakes his head in disbelief.
“We are mates. We are a team.” He tells me. “We decide together
“Yet you made the decision that we leave tonight without telling me until right now. You made the decision for me with no regard for what I might need or want.” I tell him.
“This is not the time for this conversation.” He mutters, pacing away from me and toward the door.
“When is the time for it?” I ask him. “Because we hardly discussed it last night.”
We discussed it.” He shoots back. I roll my eyes.
“No. You told me what I was doing, and I told you we would discuss it in the morning.”
He scowls at me. “You actually said we would fight about it in the morning,” he reminds me.
“And here we are,
fighting about it.” I shrug, standing
“Perhaps you two should discuss this after we are done here.” Caspian says and I look at him, a little shocked. I had forgotten where we were.
“Was there something other than who I am going with that we need to discuss?” I ask Caspian, and he nods.
“Fine.” Merikh grits out, but he refuses to look at me. He throws up a barrier through our bond and I frown to myself. I’m suddenly not all that excited to be alone with him later.
“Once we all go our separate ways, it will be difficult to communicate.” He says as he wanders over to his desk and he pulls
out a box.
“What is that?” I ask him. Caspian pads over to me, holding the box out as I take it from him.
Merikh comes close, his chest brushing my shoulder as he leans close looking down as I pull the top from the box. I lift the sleek black cell phone from the box, looking up at him, a little shocked to see he would have a human device like this.
“A cell phone?” Merikh says quizzically. “How do you expect to use this in the water?”
“I won’t. I have already arranged for a small home on the shore of the ocean, one where I will place a siren in human form to watch the phone for news from you or anyone else who has this number.”
“You do realize these devices require service to work?” I ask Caspian, and he frowns at me.
“I do know how things outside of my world work, daughter,” He says. “All of that has been taken care of. Everyone’s numbers have already been added as well and there is a charger in there.”
1/3
III
15:18 Mon, Jun TV
Chapter 70
“Okay.” I say, nodding and he meets my eyes. “If you just wish to speak with me or ask me a question, you only have to call, and
my warriors will retrieve me.”
A smile tugs at my lips. This whole having a dad who wants to be a part of my life now feels strange. But it’s pleasant. Nice to not be the last of my family.
“I will probably have lots of questions.” I tell him and he smiles, the joy in his eyes telling me he wants me to call, that he hopes I will do it often.
“Anything else?” Merikh asks, breaking the tender father daughter moment and I frown at him. He looks away and exhales before he looks back.
“I will make sure she calls often.” He tells Caspian, who slaps him on the shoulder with a grin.
“Thank you. Well, that is all I have for now. Caspian says, giving me a smile. Merikh guides me to the door, the cellphone clutched to my chest as we make our way down the hall.
“I want to check in on Percy.” I tell Merikh. He says nothing for a minute and I look up at him, watching as he glares forward and then turns to look at me.
“We have a conversation we need to finish first,” he says, his words restrained.
My stomach drops, not looking forward to continuing the conversation I know we need to have. There is so much emotion, so much panic in what will happen and what I might say in the heat of the moment.
“There isn’t much left to say. I am considering going with my father.” I say with a shrug, trying to make light of it.
Merikh takes my hand as he walks toward our room. He pushes the door open and swings me into it, slamming the door behind us as he backs me into the wall. I square my shoulder, not afraid of him, and then I see the sheer terror in his eyes. The way he looks over my face like he is looking for an answer.
“You can’t go.” He whispers, his body fully pressed to mine. The coolness of the wall does nothing to stop the heat burning through me as he pleads. He rests his forearms on either side of me, boxing me in as I tilt my chin up to look at him.
“I haven’t said I am going yet,” I remind him and he shakes his head.
“No matter how many times I tell you, you just don’t seem to understand it. You aren’t my other half, Colette. You are all of me. I need you.”
My heart breaks as he nuzzles into my cheek and neck.
“I feel the same way,” I say.
“Good, then you are staying with me,” he murmurs, his lips finding my ear as he whispers against my skin.
“That isn’t what I said.” I gasp at his intimate touch, my eyes falling closed. “Merikh, I need to be allowed to think about this. To make this decision. On my own.”
He stops, nearly panting as he drops the most tender of kisses on my cheek before he pushes away.
“Don’t make me use my alpha’s command on you,” he whispers in warning. “I do not want to be controlling or force your hand anymore than I have in the past, but I just… I can’t…I need you with me.”
My burning need for him whips into a raging frenzy of frustration as I scoff and walk past him further into the room. “You have made every decision for me since the moment I have met you.” I hiss.
“Ch no. You chose to mate with me in place of that *itch, Leslie, Willingly, if you recall.” He says, his eyebrows raised.
2/3
3/3
61%
15:18 Mon, Jun 10
Chapter 70
“You are infuriating.” I mutter, pinching the bridge of my nose before I shake my head. “You tricked me. Yes, I accepted. But you didn’t choose me because you wanted me. You were there for me because of WHO I am, WHAT I am. Merikh, you came to steal me and use me.”
“And the second I realized we were mates…” he says, but I interrupt him.
“You should have told me, but you didn’t. Instead, you pushed me away and tested me with Grady-”
“He came on his own!” He laughs dryly. “I didn’t seek him out. The dumba*s came looking for you. All I did was let it play
out.”
“THEN! You refused to listen to me and you forced me into that promise, so I couldn’t know we were mates.” I say, tilting my head and licking my teeth, waiting for him to find a retort for this. His chest rumbles with a low, dissatisfied growl from his lycan.
“I have already explained those actions to you,” He says simply. Like the explanation was enough to make it all okay.
“Then there was how you never told me what I was or who my father is.” I say, my hands on my hips as I watch him drop onto the edge of the bed.
“Is this punishment, then?” He asks, his voice a whisper.
My hands drop from my waist, my heart shattering, watching him look defeated and broken. His sullen eyes lift to meet mine and my breathing hitches. He is destroyed.
I want to rush to him, fall to my knees and tell him I was kidding, that it was all just me being a little crazy. But the truth is, the more I say it out loud, the more I realize I need to make this decision on my own.
“No, Merikh.” I exhale, tears in my eyes as I move to his side. Sitting next to him. “This is me standing my ground and needing to do this on my own. I love you and who I am with you. But I feel like I am missing so much of who I am. I want to give you every part of me, but I still don’t know myself fully.”
He reaches over, taking my hand in his, but he doesn’t look at me.
“So this isn’t about you not loving me?” he whispers, and I laugh at the absurdity.
“Never.” I say, jumping up and stepping between his legs. I hold both sides of his face, making sure he is looking up at me. “This is something that I have to decide on my own, okay?”
“Okay,” he agrees reluctantly, “I will not hinder your decision. Even if it is one I don’t like.”
SEND GIFT
III
###Chapter 71
Chapter 71
Percy grins when he sees me walking down the hallway toward him. The relief I feel only shows how much this young gamma has grown on me and the reminder that I have missed him. He looks completely normal, well fed and free of mind. But then again, he had the last time as well. So, as I approach him, I give him a gentle smile.
2
“I promise the witch is no longer in my head.” He says, putting his hands up. I chuckle, stepping into a quick embrace before stepping back.
“It is so good to see you back to normal.” I tell him and he nods.
“Yeah, well, it was a weird sensation. My only regret is I didn’t realize it sooner.” He says, frowning. I sigh, tilting my head.
“Perc, you fought her off! An incredibly powerful fae, not just powerful, but the d*mn queen. You held her off and tried to give us a warning.” I remind him.
“Yeah,” he says as he shakes his head. “But she still won out eventually.”
“No.” I scoff. “You won. There isn’t a single person you hurt. You let us know in time so you could be saved. It takes a powerful warrior to do that.”
He nods, looking away from me as the others scurry around with luggage and mingling.
“I know it may seem weird to ask this but…is there anyway you would be comfortable with me still remaining on as you gamma?” He asks, his freckled cheeks growing pink as he clears his throat and looks at the ground. I furrow my brows, confused.
“Why wouldn’t you be?” I ask him and he seems shocked by my response.
“Alpha Merikh suggested it might be best for me to step down, just for a little while.” He explains, and I find myself growing, annoyed with my mate once more.
He continually claims that he needs me, that I am the one in control, and yet he does things behind my back. I get he is trying to protect me, that he isn’t doing these things to be controlling or possessive. But intended or not, that is exactly what it feels like.
“Alpha Merikh is wrong.” I say with a tight smile. “I would not feel comfortable with just one Ga*ma. You guys are a package deal. I need you and Penny.”
“Glad to hear you say that,” Penny says from behind me, and I look over my shoulder to see Percy’s twin grinning. “When Alpha made the suggestion, it felt…wrong.”
“I will talk to him about it.” I promise.
Hayes walks past us, a somber look on his face as he looks lost, almost like he is just going through the motions. I look at him before turning to see Percy and Penny with an alarmed look on their faces as well.
“I will go speak with him,” I say, rushing off after the lumbering beta. “Hayes…”
He looks up slowly, blinking at me before he gives me a half-a*sed smile.
“Can Thelp you Luna?” he asks.
“Uh, well, first you can explain this mood to me.” I motion to him and he sighs, shaking his head.
“It is complicated” He whispers, then he glances around. “I would like to discuss it with you when we make it back to the pack…if you might have the time?”
1/3
=
61%
15:18 Mon, Jun 10
Chapter 71
It is obvious that Hayes is desperate and if this has anything to do with our last heart to heart, I can only assume he is struggling with his new found mate.
“Of course,” I tell him. “We are family before I am your Luna.”
“Thank you Colette.” He says, rubbing his face. “Where Merikh is usually great to talk to about these things, sometimes a woman knows a woman better than an alpha.”
“I can definitely agree with that.” I laugh and nod in agreement.
“Hayes!” Merikh calls out, beckoning his beta over to him from outside the open double doors. Hayes rushes off, leaving me standing in the doorway watching my handsome mate with a tinge of fury. Why the hell does he have to be so good looking? It makes it so much harder to be angry at him when he does st*pid shit and then smiles at me.
Right on cue, he shoots me a s*xy grin and a wink before turning to Hayes and pointing some things out. I exhale in annoyance before turning and heading to my father’s office to tell him my decision.
His door is wide open, his office tidy and neat and his desk completely empty. A frown creeps across my lips as I move deeper into the office. There is nothing here that feels like him. The homey feeling he brought the room with his disarray and the smell of his salty scent that felt familiar and comfortable.
I trap my bottom lip between my teeth, then rush out the office door, heading toward his room. He has to be there, packing. Unless she doesn’t really pack? What could he need from our world when he lives under the sea?
I fly through his bedroom door, not bothering to knock, and I’m slammed in the face with the scent of bleach and cleaner. Tears fill my eyes, my heart aching at the thought of missing him and not being able to say goodbye. I didn’t realize he was going to be leaving so soon.
His massive bed is made, the windows drawn and white linen covering the couch and nightstands. It is obvious he is gone, one of the first to leave. But why would he leave me without me telling him myself what my decision was? How could he know I was going to choose to go with Merikh?
As I exit the room, I slam into someone, grunting and bouncing off their body into the wall with a thud. The back of my headaches as I touch it, wincing. Someone touches my arm and look up to see the worried face of Ezrah.
“Luna, I apologize. I was informed you were rushing up here and I have a message to deliver you from Caspian.” He rushes out, then he grimaces as he watches me blink. “Are you alright? Should I see if brent of Hyacinth are still here?”
“No, No I am fine. What letter do you have for me?” I ask him and he reaches into his pocket withdrawing a small letter with a wax seal of a violent ocean wave. I brush my finger over the seal before looking up at him.
“When did he leave?” I ask.
“He left twenty minutes ago.” He says. “Caspian wanted to say goodbye, but he wasn’t sure he could do it without breaking down.”
“I see,” I murmur, looking down at the letter, slipping my finger under the lip and breaking it free from the wax.
Colette,
There is much I wanted to say to you during our time, much I had planned to do with you and even more I had hoped to experience with you in the near future. But fate plays games more often than not, and for now we find ourselves apart again.
War is a dangerous game, one that many see as a strategy for who is the strongest. But it is not. Use your strong mind and stay close to Merikh. I have every bit of faith he will keep my little girl safe, where I failed to protect your mother.
I want you to know I respect your decision to stay with Merikh, though I had wished you were the one to tell me and not your mate. Trust your instincts, test your abilities, and stay hydrated.
2/3
111
61% m
15:18 Mon, Jun 10 e
Chapter 71
Love,
Dad
Tears fall from my eyes as I read his word, holding it close. Then tears turn to anger and confusion, the last paragraph replaying over and over again. When did Merikh go to him? It couldn’t have been after the meeting where I told them I would make my decision. Merikh would never betray me that way….would he?
“Ezrah,” I call out to him as he walks further down the hall.
“yes?”
“Did Merikh go see my father before he left?” I ask him and he looks conflicted, clearing his throat.
“That is a question better served for him, don’t you think?” he asks, arching a brow.
I tear from the hallway, rage building as I get closer to Merikh. There is no way he isn’t feeling my anger through the mate bond, as I don’t even try to shield it. He rounds the corner before I make it to the doors, his hands up already to keep me calm.
“Colette…” He says, and I know what he did.
Merikh went behind my back. Again. After everything, after what we discussed. I had already decided. D*mn it, I was choosing to go with him. I wanted to be near him. To fix us better before I left. But now? Now I can’t even look at him.
“How dare you!” I seethe and he frowns, guilt rippling through those green eyes I love so much. “You are such an asshole.”
“I knew what you would choose.” He tries to tell me and I laugh dryly.
“Hardly.” I scoff at him.
“You were going to choose to stay with me. I know you Colette.” he reminds me as he steps closer. I shove at his chest.
“It wasn’t your decision to predict or share with him. It was mine! MINE! and you did exactly what you promised you wouldn’t.” I grit out. “You said you would support my decision.”
“And I do,” he argues back.
“Good!” I hiss. “Then get my bag from the car. I’m going with my dad.”
“What?” He asks, like the air was sucked from his lungs. I swallow roughly, squaring my shoulders.
“I need space from you,” I say. “So, for now, I will go with Caspian. I won’t be gone for a long time. Just a few weeks.”
A range of emotions play over his face before he places his hands on his hips and barks out a laugh of disbelief.
“Are you serious?” He asks, “Truly really serious? Because if you are, then I won’t stop you.”
I hesitate but stand my ground. “Yes. I am serious.”
SEND GIFT
COMMENT
###Chapter 72
Chapter 72
*Merikh*
I move swiftly to the SUV, waiting to take us back home, throwing the trunk open while Hayes watches me with interest. His mouth twitches like he is about to speak, but I silence him with a solid glare and he takes two steps back, his hands outstretched like he surrenders. The last thing I need right now is to talk about what just happened. How the hell am I supposed to process it when I can't even bring myself to admit it is happening? Colette is going to change her mind once she sees I will seriously let her leave. This is just her testing me, testing my resolve. Well, if she wants to play the game of who can be more stubborn, she is in for a surprise. Because I am the most stubborn of the two of us.
I yank out her two bags, walking them past Percy, Penny, and Leandra. The burn on my back twinges and stings, but at least it's something other than the blinding rage I feel right now. My lycan is fighting me for control, urging me to just grab our girl and tie her up, placing her in the car until we get home.
But even I know that is wrong. Shit, what I did was wrong. Should I have made decisions for her? No. and I get that, but clearly she is being emotional in her choice. She didn't know who her dad was and then she found him and learned of her bloodline. It has to be overwhelming, but to abandon her pack? To abandon me? This feels like a rash decision.
I bound up the steps toward the mansion two at a time, meeting her at the doorway as I drop the bags at her feet. She looks at me, her eyes red with unshed tears, and I can see how torn she feels. But it's hard enough to let her go. I can't concern myself with how torn she feels. Not yet, not right now.
"Stay safe, Colette." I mutter, taking a step back, but she follows me. Her hand reaching out and taking hold of my wrist gently.
I close my eyes, inhaling her scent, committing it to memory. There are so many questions I want to ask her. So many things I should say.
"Merikh..." she whispers, her voice breaking as I look down at the place where her fingers touch my skin, the spark as strong as it has ever been. Even with this heartache. "Please."
“Please what?” I ask her, arching an annoyed brow. “Please forgive you? Please pretend that this is breaking me inside”
She grimaces, and a rogue tear travels down her cheek as she draws in a shuddering breath.
“My hands are tied” She whispers, looking up at me. “I refuse to be a showpiece with a title. I want to be more than that.”
I yank my wrist from her grip, stepping closer into her bubble.
“The only one who doesn’t see your worth is you. Why the hell do you think I am fighting this so hard?” Iscoit
“Then let me go and find my worth,” she says, “For myself”
I chuckle dryly, reaching out and cupping her face with both hands. Her thin lingers reach up, resting on my wrists as she meets my heavy gaze.
“When you realize there is nothing to find, you know where to and me”
She looks at me, biting her bottom lip. “I promise to call you every day”
I sigh, tugging her to me as I press my lips to hers. Her hands sqleeze my arm, and I kiss her soll and sweet. Tying to convey through the connection just how much I am begging he then I break away, taking a step back.
“I think I will need some time to cool off.” I tell her, hating myself but wanting her to understand that this is what it feels like to me. Like she is abandoning me and our pack. Even if that is not what it is.
“How much time?” She asks, tears racing down her cheek more consistently.
I shrug. “A few days. Maybe a week.” I tell her, knowing dmn well that it will feel like an eternity.
“Okay…I will call you in a week,” she whispers, her voice weak as she wipes her tears. “I do love you, Merikh.”
“I know.” I exhale, “But not enough to stay.”
“It’s not about how much I love you and you know that.”
I look behind me at the SUV’s where my beta and ga*mas sit, probably watching us trying to figure out what the hell is going on. Then I see Penny clamber out and creep up the steps toward us. She sticks her hands in her pockets.
“It is time to leave, Alpha and Luna.” She says intentionally, eyeing the bags in front of Colette.
I turn and walk down the steps, heading to the car, leaving my heart behind me.
“Colette will not be coming.” I mutter as I walk past Penny.
“What?” she asks, her voice going up an octave in shock. “What the hell does that mean?”
“It means she is choosing not to come home, Penny.” I clip out and look over my shoulder at her.
Penny looks between Colette and I. Colette, now hugging herself with tears streaming down her cheeks and me, looking like an insensitive a*shole with the tears I want to let out tightly locked away.
“Alpha…” Penny says, and I already know exactly what she is going to say.
Hell, I knew it the second she stepped out of the SUV Penny is going with Colette and I had hoped it would go this way. If I’ had suggested it, I am certain Colette would have been upset and offended. But with Penny insisting she go with her, I expect Colette won’t be upset over the company.
“Ask her,” I say. “She gets to decide if she wants you to tag along.”
“Luna, I am coming with you.” Penny insists.
“You really don’t have to,” she says and Penny laughs.
“Whether you are getting in touch with your wolf’s side or siren side, you are my luna and I am your gamma. My job is to protect you at all times,” she says. “And you are my friend.”
I gaze up at Colette who smiles for the first time since our fight and she nods happily.
“It might be nice to have company.” She says.
With that, I move to the SUV, climbing in the passenger’s seat and slamming the door shut.
“Let’s go,” I mutter to Hayes. He hesitates and I slide a glare his way. “Now,”
“I’m going” he grumbles, before way too slowly pulling away.
We drive in silence, fighting the urge to look in the rearview mirror as the mate bond stretches. If I look back and see her, there is no way in hell Iwill leave the way she wants me to. This is what she is asking for. She is asking for me to be broken so she can find her way to feel whole.
In retrospect, it’s not a terrible thing to ask of me, it’s something I want to give her. But f*ck if it doesn’t hurt my heart and ego. I can feel her emotions slowly draining from my head until we pull out of the mansion grounds and she is gone from me completely. My mark burns before it dulls to a throbbing, and I place my hand over it.
“Plan on filling me in, brother?” Hayes asks, and I look out the window.
“Not really,” I admit..
“How about you tell me, anyway?” He says, and I roll my eyes.
“Not much to tell, Colette wanted to go with Caspian and learn what her skills are.” I shrug.
“Mmhmm, and you seem super thrilled about it.” He teases.
“Aren’t you the clairvoyant one?” I grumble in annoyance.
“Did you guys at least discuss it?” He asks, seeing right f*cking through me. I hate when he does that shit. I glare at him and he chuckles, shaking his head. “You idiot.”
“Careful, I’m your alpha.” I grumble.
“You are my brother first. And you are an idiot. I bet you tried to strong arm her into coming home by deciding for her and knowing Colette she got mad and decided she was going to do it
I don’t respond. I look out the window instead, watching the trees blow by as he speeds down the paved road.
“I am proud of you, Merikh.” He then murmurs. I turn to look at him, my brows knitting together.
“For what?” I ask.
“I mean, she isn’t tied her up and locked in the back of the SUV. You let her go, and you are trusting her to come back when she is ready” He says and I move uncomfortably in the leather seat.
“Yeah, well, I was da*n close to doing just that,” I mutter, and Hayes laughs again.
“She will be safer with Caspian,” He reminds me.
“That’s the only thing keeping me sane.”
###Chapter 73
Chapter 73 
“Colette 
“How far ahead of us do you think they are?” Penny asks, tugging the bag further up on her shoulder. 
I pause, looking through the trees at the trail Ezrah said Caspian took on his journey to the ocean. Truthfully, I don’t know how fast Caspian can travel by foot on land. There is no doubt he is fast in the water, but here, on land? He should be slower moving, right? 
“They can’t be more than half an hour to forty–five minutes ahead of us.” I assure her without actually knowing 
“Good,” she says, looking around warily. “These woods are giving me a bad feeling.” 
I look where her eyes are, seeing nothing and feeling nothing out of the ordinary. But then again, Penny is not only a trained warrior but a skilled gamma. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be my gamma in the first place. 
“I don’t see anything out of sorts.” I say casually. 
She scoffs and shakes her head. “It’s not something I see, luna. It is something I feel, here.” She places her hand over her gut. 
“Hmm,” I muse again, looking around, trying to feel with my wolf or anything I can. “Instincts?” 
“In a way,” she shrugs. “It feels like there is more of a disturbance. My lycan is bristling, warring with me to take over and search the area.” 
Suddenly, a shiver runs down my spine, my skin growing cold, and I whip my head around. Penny places her hand on my shoulder, leaning closer while her eyes search every nook and cranny. 
“Luna, I think it’s time to run,” she says, giving me a gentle nudge. “Now.” 
There is no questioning her or her judgement. I break into a sprint, tearing through the trees like a raging bull let on the loose. Branches whip across my skin, stinging my face as I push forward, my hands out, trying to protect myself. 
“To the left,” Penny hisses, “running on that trail will be faster than pushing through the foliage.” 
I turn toward the trail I can see pecking out behind a sparse bush. As I approach it, I leap over a root, my foot getting caught as I cry out and slam hard into the ground, my hands saving my face from barreling toward the ground at full 
force. 
Hands tear me from the ground and I flinch away, looking up at Penny as she runs while dragging me along. I can the fear on her face, the fear she tries to hide from me as she forces me in front of her. 
“Are you sure there is someone following us?” I hiss at her as I look over my shoulder. I see the panic rising and she turns, running backward for a moment before turning forward again. 
“Hard to say, but I would rather not stop or slow down and find out we are wrong.” She says, pushing on my back again to make me move faster. I stumble on further, wishing I had spent more time running in the recent month. 
It feels like we run forever, my wolf now burning with awareness and my nerves on full tilt as I scan every area, watching, waiting. Penny remains as close as she can be without running me over, her breathing slow and even, unphased by the running with weight bags full of useless shit. 
“Drop your bag,” I tell her, pulling mine off while stumbling down the narrow trail. I can hear her doing as I do, and I toss it to the side, the bushes crunching under the weight. 
“Now we will move faster,” she sighs in relief. I look back at her to catch a grin. “We can’t be too far behind them now.” 
11:53 AM 
Chapter 73 
There is a break in the trees, the ground ceasing to be hard and mossy, the texture moving to sand and I giggle with relief when I see a beach in the distance; the sun setting lower with ever stride toward it. 
I take one more step, a strange snapping sound echoing to my right and I turn to look as a branch flings up, a string attached flying higher until my ankle sears in pain and my body pitches forward. My fingers dig into the sandy earth. unable to find leverage as I fly upward. 
A hand catches mine and Penny groans, her body flying up a few feet before we tilt back down and she uses her nail to cute my ankle free. I land on her and she pushes me aside with unmatched speed, back on her feet in a fighting position. 
“Where are they?” I whisper and she growls, her lycan rippling through her as her spine shakes and fur pushes out before quickly receding. She is fighting it for control. 
“I can’t tell if there is anyone here or not.” She says. 
“Well we weren’t expecting you.” Someone says, stepping out of the woods. A woman emerges her hands up to show us she is nonthreatening. “When someone comes rushing after our king, we grow a little suspicious.” 
“Your king?” Penny asks, stepping closer to me as I find my balance and stand, hobbling on one ankle, my other burning with the rope burn and being yanks so hard. It wouldn’t surprise me if it is sprained. 
“Are you not chasing your father, King Caspian? I assume you are here hoping to catch him before he leaves for his city.” She asks curiously. 
Penny doesn’t drop her guard, instead she chuckles softly. 
“And who are you?” She asks the woman. 
“I am the general of the siren warriors. My name is Saree.” she says. 
“Right,” Penny says skeptically. “Nice to meet you. Are they still here?” 
Saree seems to look behind us, her eyes snapping back and she gives us a fake wide smile. 
“You just made it.” She says, motioning toward the sunset. “He is that way.” 
Now I feel it too, the gut instinct, the way my wolf is on edge. I play through this woman’s words, the way she speaks and how she addressed me as Caspian’s daughter. Would he have told her that before anyone else? 
“Why did you say ‘his city“?” I ask her, tilting my head. “Is it not also your city?” 
She meets my eyes and then within a second they roll, and she lifts her hand, snapping it. Too many sets of hands land on me, taking me to the ground as I writhe and scream. 
“Luna!” Penny roars, her lycan breaking out as she bounds toward me, her claws swiping men off me with ease. She tears one in half, throwing him to the side. And I jump up, extending my hands out as I close my eyes and focus. I can feel the water, so strong, so much of it bubbling as it comes to the surface. 
Then pain strikes the base of my skull and I stumble to my knees, disoriented and blinking as Penny disappears under a mass of too many men. When they move away, she morphs into her human form, her body bloodied and beaten. 
“Penny!” I cry out, my tears unstoppable as I look at my battered friend, her left eye swollen shut. “What the are you? There is no way you are a siren.” I ask, and the woman cackles. 
“Well, at least you aren’t dumb. You are right, I am not a siren. What I am is not important,” 
“The second I heal enough, I will gnaw on your head until your eyes fall out, you Bi-” Penny stops mid sentence, her eyes growing wide as she looks down a silver rod, breaking through her chest. 
11.53 AM 
Chapter 73 
I sob uncontrollably, trying to calm my shaking hands so I can do something, anything, to save her. 
“Did you know Lycans are almost impossible to kill?” Saree says in a singsong voice. “Unless you leave the silver weapon placed in their heart. Similar to a vampire in that way. Though a wooden stake is much easier to get your hands on than a silver one.” 
“Please, don’t kill her,” I beg, and she cackles. 
“No can do, Princess.” She then snaps her finger and the rod clicks, causing Penny to cry out as blood garbles her 
остус 
voice. 
“I’m sorry, Luna…” she murmurs before falling forward. 
“NO! NO! PENNY!” I roar, water rising from the ground as I force myself to stand. The woman snaps once more and the same pain as before racks through my skull, before tearing away at my conciousness, the last thing I see is Penny’s lifeless eyes staring up at me. 
###Chapter 74
Chapter 74 
It feels like my brain is going to explode; the pain searing at the base of my skull throbbing away like a time bomb slowly ticking closer and closer toward something awful. 
There are people around me. Voices arguing and the sound of snapping that makes my head twitch. I slide my eyes open, blinking as blurry shapes take form in my impaired vision. 
“Oh, hey. She is waking up.” I hear someone say, sounding excited. 
“Leave her be you fool,” another person hisses. “They put it in that cell for a reason. She is dangerous.” 
“I’m not dangerous.” I croak. But I regret the action, a stab of pain causing me to wince, my eyes aching. 
“They don’t put just anyone in that little cage, sweetheart. Hate to tell you this, but they want you to be as weak as a I blink at the smaller blur, trying to force my vision to focus, but nothing happens and tears roll. 
human.” 
The memory of Penny’s eyes, the way they stabbing her through the heart from behind. How they ambushed us. And how they knew…how they knew where we would be. 
My skin grows cold the more I process everything. What if they ambushed Merikh as well? What if they didn’t take a gamble by guessing what I would choose but covered both of their bases? 
Merikh could have ended up exactly like Penny. My chest grows tight, and a whimper tumbles out. It’s my fault Penny is dead because of me. I pull my legs to my chest, hugging them tightly as the tears fall. They are hot and furious as they burn down my cheeks, growing from a soft place of pain to a raging storm of agony. 
Penny was more than a gamma. She was a friend, someone I knew without a doubt I could always count on for more than what the gamma bond demanded. And she died because I was stubborn, because I am alive when I shouldn’t be. 
“Shit. See what you did, Lenard?” Someone hisses. 
“I didn’t do anything!” someone protests. 
“You sure as heck did! First you woke her up-” 
“She woke herself up.” Lenard says. 
“Both of you shut up.” Someone grits out, their voice low and hoarse. “The last thing she needs to hear before her death is the likes of the two of you bitching about who did what. You both are equally annoying.” 
“That was rude.” One of them snorts, but I block them out as I fall to my side, the cries ripping from me in heaving sobs as I try to breathe through it all and fail. 
My lungs are tight as I grow light–headed and I feel someone’s hand on my shoulder, a gentle circular rubbing as a form of 
comfort. 
“You need to breathe,” the woman says. 
“I don’t w–want to anymore,” I hiccup through a sob, curling in on myself. 
“Ah no, that just won’t do.” She says in a gentle voice. 
“Everyone I love would be better off with me being dead.” I say, and she sighs. 
“Yeah, well, I remember that feeling. The feeling of having no hope. But I learned a few things from being stuck in this hellhole.” 
1/3 
III 
< 
Chapter 74 
“Yeah. How to stay stuck here,” one of the voices from before says with a cackle. 
“Shut up. 
Lenard.” 
“Fuck you, Elle.” 
“Please, just leave me alone.” I whisper, pulling my shoulder away from her arm. 
“All of you need to shut up.” A commanding voice rings out and I lift my head, my eyes trying to adjust to the lights the flicker on above me. I sit up, wiping my face, meeting the merry eyes of a tall man with dark hair and even darker eyes. He points to me with a strange smirk on his lips. “I need to speak with this one.” 
Everyone else falls silent and I look around, watching as arms and figures shrink into the dark corners of the dirt filled cells we all reside in. I swallow roughly as he unlocks the silver bars and steps into the cell. 
He is massive. I mean, Merikh is big, his shoulders wide and strong and his height unrivaled by many. But this guy, he is as big as the magic made trolls. 
“What do you want?” I ask him, trying to remain strong. 
“Honestly…I want to play with you.” he grins. 
My blood goes cold, and I lick my chapped lips in fear. There is no fighting this asshole off. He can hold me down with one hand. SO instead I scurry back against the wall, slamming into it, begging it to swallow me whole. 
“My mate will gut you.” I tell him confidently. 
“Oh, you mean…if he knew you were here he would come for me.” he grins, stalking closer and closer. “But he doesn’t know. From what my intel says, he told you not to contact him for a few days.” 
I shiver, my eyes closing as tears fall free. No way is this fucker touching me without a damn good fight. 
“I will fight you the whole time. I might not be very strong, but don’t underestimate my desperation.” I spit out. 
His brows furrow in confusion and then his head tilts up as he laughs, the sound echoing through the small walled space. It seems to be a hilarious joke to him as he continues to laugh, slapping his legs before he stops and tilts his head to the side. Little stitches of laughter rippling through him as he talks. 
“Wait…you thought…HA! Oh no, you thought I was going to want to touch you?” he shakes his head. “Oh, no Princess. I want to see what you can do.” 
I frown at him, not really sure what he wants from me or what he means. What I can do? Then it dawns on me. Everyone knows what I am now, what I am capable of. He wants me to show him my abilities. But I’know that showing him my full strength just gives them a better ability to defend against me. 
“I can’t shift with silver bars.” I shrug and he smirks, popping down in front of me. He produces a small bowl from one hand and then reaches to his back, producing a bottle of water. He holds it up, shaking it slightly. 
“I think we both know what you are. Hell, the only people who don’t are probably these fools in here.” He shrugs. 
He opens the bottle, pouring it into the bowl in front of me, and I lick my lips. Not because I am thirsty for a taste of it. But because I am thirsty for the chance to escape. I know I can do various things to escape using my water abilities. 
So as he pours, allow myself to tune into the water, the sound and feel of it as it sloshes up the side, churning back into the bowl over itself. It’s frantic in turmoil like me, begging to be freed, to sink into the earth where it belongs. 
I look up, finding the guard watching me with a curious gleam in his eyes. He tosses his bottle to the side, the metal canister clattering against the bars that keeps me here. He them motions to the bowl, expectantly. 
2/3 
+5 
Chapter 74 
It is clear he knows what I am and if he is working with the others, then he sure as heck has heard of the things I have done with my powers. So I can’t just play it off as me having none. No, I need to perform, but I need to severely underperform, so they underestimate me. 
“I will show you if you answer a few of my questions.” I tell him. 
“No deal. You show me and I won’t kill everyone in here.” He scoffs. 
“You overestimate my empathy for people I don’t know.” I say with some sass. 
“Oh? Then I guess we will start with someone that I know you know.” He looks to my right. “Melody.” He calls out. 
A skinny woman moves to the bars closest to me. She is skin and bones. Her eyes are sullen and her hair falling out. But the resemblance lingers, the way I can feel who she is to me. 
“Mom,” I whisper, and her eyebrows furrow. 
“Fine.” I grit out. 
The water shakes as I try to calm myself, but my wolf and my heart are too feral, too lost in our hatred to control it any longer. The water shoots up, swirling around the cell, gaining speed as I breathe deeply. 
My fingers then twitch, flicking at this man, the water shooting at him like a harpoon released like a spear gun. His eyes grow wide and he roars, his jaw dropping open as a flame bursts out, turning the water into steam that floats to the top of the dungeon room. 
He stands, a giddy grin on his face as he walks out of the cell and moves to the woman he claims is my mother. Then he hooks her by her ankle and drags her away, not a sound falling from her lips as her eyes meet mine. 
3/3 
###Chapter 75
Chapter 75 
“Where did they take her?” I ask the others in the cells around me. Not a single one of them answers. “What, now you to be quiet?” 
“What are you?” Someone says, stepping into the light. 
“What was he?” I ask instead of answering him. 
“You tell us first,” He says back, sounding more harsh in his tone. His eyes focus on me, a full on scowl on his face. 
decide 
“Lenard, stop.” The other hisses, grabbing onto his arm, but he shoves them off. “If you talk to her, we could get punished like Elle.” 
“Back off. We have a right to know what she is, Trina. I mean, we both saw what she just did, right? She can manipulate water without magic.” He says before looking right at me. “So are you a siren, then?” Lenard asks, titling his head, curious. 
I walk to the back wall, leaning against it with a defeated sigh. 
“I am a Luna.” I whisper. 
“But you used water, and sirens don’t have Luna’s. They have queens. I don’t understand…” 
“Join the club,” I mutter, sliding down to the ground. 
The cool brick makes me shiver and I welcome it, my face still warm from the man I assume is a dragon using his fucking fire to dissipate my attempt to escape him. 
“You turned that water into a freaking harpoon and tried to kill him!” Lenard growls at me. “Magic can’t work in here. They have something that prevents its use, and with the silver bars, werewolves can’t transform, so you can’t be a witch or a werewolf.” 
I chuckle dryly. 
“I could be a fae. Who the fuck knows what those assholes can do? Other than get in your head and mess with it and control everyone they want.” 
“You are not a Fae, because I am,” He says flatly. “And Fae are not all the same. Our powers vary and only the truly powerful have those abilities. The royals gain their strength from our people.” 
“Oh, I am aware.” I snort. “I met your Queen Lily.” 
“You did?” He seems genuinely shocked. 
“Yeah, she’s a fucking bitch.” I mutter and he scoffs. 
“She is wonderful.” He corrects me. 
“Wonderful at starting wars and controlling people. She is wonderful at fucking people over and pretending it wasn’t her.” 
He reaches at me through the bars, fury in his eyes as I just sit and blink at him. Clearly, this fae does not know that his beloved queen is working with the assholes who have them caged like a damn feral animal. 
“You liar,” he hisses, and Trina yanks him back. 
“I told you to shut up and leave her alone.” She hisses at him. 
“How can you just sit there and let her say that about our queen? This bitch siren is making things up.” 
1/3 
“Elm was just as surprised as you. And I’m not a siren, not really. I mutter and they both freeze, Trina coming into the area where I can see her. Her hair is matted on one side, dirt smeared over her left brow and down her nose. 
“You know King Elm?” she asks, licking her lips and moving closer. Lenard scoffs. 
“She is lying. Just like she is lying about not being a siren.” 
“Elm is kind and just.” I murmur. 
A scream breaks through the dungeon, echoing off the walls and vibrating deep into my chest. Panic and fear settle in my bones as I swallow the lump in my throat. Is she really my mother? The one they are torturing? Giselle said she was still alive, and that man was breathing literal fire… 
But if it is her, then what do they want with her? She should be dead, unless they still need something from her. So then why is she being punished? 
“Sounds like they got the oil out again,” Trina whispers to Lenard. “She is going to be sick for a week.” 
Lenard sighs, sounding annoyed. “Great. A week of this place smelling like fucking vomit before they clean it again.” 
My chest is tight, a pain growing deeper and sharper where my heart is. I watch the area where they dragged her away, hoping for her to reemerge, but I am met with another terror inducing cry. She sounds so broken, almost hollow as her cries of agony echo around us, magnifying flutter in my soul. 
“They are going to kill her…” I whisper and Trina exhales. 
No, she has been here longer than we have. They think she still knows something.” 
“What does she know?” I whisper, my throat dry. She shrugs, and I look at Lenard, who crosses his skinny arms over his chest. 
“You tell us what you are and maybe we will tell you.” He says with a victorious grin. 
“Fine,” I grind out. Everyone outside of here already knows I exist, so how does them knowing what everyone else now knows a bad thing? “But I want all my questions answered.” 
“Sure,” Lenard shrugs and I don’t feel entirely confident he will answer my questions, but in desperation I give him his 
answer, anyway. 
“I am a Hybrid.” I say simply, and they both blink at me before barking out a laugh. “My father is King Caspian of the ocean. My mother is Melody, a werewolf of alpha blood.” 
“Melody…” Trina says, looking up at Lenard, who has grown quiet and contemplative. 
“I thought you said you were a Luna?” He asks after a moment of silence. 
“I am. My mate is Alpha Merikh, king of the lycans and werewolves.” I say and he blinks before he turns on his heel and walks away. “Wait, you said-” 
“I know what I said.” He grits out. “Right now…I just need a minute.” 
Trina follows him, whispering along the way. 
“She wasn’t lying. Lenard.” She whispers. “Elle’s name is Melody. She wasn’t making it up.” 
Elle is your mother.” He says, spinning back to face me and rushing over to the bars. 
“I think so.” I admit, and he shakes his head. 
2/3 
Chapter 75 
“No. I am telling you, she is your mother, and she has told us all of this for so long…” 
+5 
“Do they hurt her a lot?” I whisper, looking at the narrow hallway, waiting for them to bring her back as another cry breaks out, morphing it into a terrible sob. When no one answers, I turn to look at them and they both are looking away from me, ignoring the question. 
“Do they hurt her a lot?” I ask again, this time a demand, and they wince. 
“Only as much as needed. Now we have questions for you.” The same man from before walks in, a weak and trembling scrawny woman getting tossed into the cell next to me. She crawls further back before giving up and rolling to her back, letting out a deep, pained groan. 
The door opens again to my cell, and I jump up, moving toward him. Finding my resolve and my inner strength. I need to channel my inner Penny so I can escape and save my mom. What she needs is to be free from this awful place. 
“I can walk.” I tell him, and he throws his head back, laughing. 
“You won’t be when we are done with you,” he says 
with a grin. 
“Do your worst,” I spit at him as he grabs my arm. 
My eyes slide to my moms watching as she stares at me, blue tears in her eyes, sizzling down her face as she tries to lift her hand to me. If she can handle this for ten years, I can handle it for as long as needed. Because once Merikh realizes I am not with my father, these fuckers aren’t just meeting my mate. 
They are meeting the Alpha of Death. And there is no escaping him. I know, because I have tried. 
3/3 
###Chapter 76
Chapter 76 
“Merikh 
“Where is Percy?” I ask Hayes, who walks into my office without the only other person I asked to see. 
“He is sick.” Hayes says, worry on his brow as he shrugs. I give him a confused look, and he sighs, tossing his hands up like he doesn’t have a better answer. 
“Sick?” I ask. “Like how the humans who get a runny nose and headaches? Or sick as if he is still infected by that Fae asshole?” 
“Sick as in, He hasn’t eaten a single thing since we got home yesterday and has been dry heaving and vomiting…” 
My brows furrow in confusion. Lycans do not get sick. We don’t have stomach bugs or colds, our lycans heal us too quickly to ever feel any of the effects. Which means something is wrong, very fucking wrong. 
“He can’t get sick. It’s not something that happens.” I remind my brother. 
“I can show you, if you want,” Hayes says. “The healers have already been called to see him, but he is indeed sick.” 
I stand from my chair, walking past him to the door, yanking it open. 
“Where are you going?” He calls out behind me. 
“We are going to go check on our gamma and figure out what the hell is going on.” I holler back. He mutters under his breath as he rushes up to my side. 
“Maybe it is all the stress of having his mind raided and run by someone else?” Hayes offers, and I shake my head no. 
“How is your mate?” I ask him and he says nothing. I slide a glance in his direction and he rolls his eyes. 
“We haven’t really had much of a conversation since she has come back to herself.” He admits. “But no, she has not been sick and throwing up.” 
I hum in thought as we make it to Percy’s room, stopping as the healer walks out, looking pale and a little green in the face. I arch a brow and he bows, his hands sliding over his stomach. 
“Alpha,” he says, just as his stomach gurgles and his hand covers his mouth. “I apologize.” 
“Is it contagious?” I ask, taking a step back with Hayes. 
“No,” He mumbles, his eyes closing as he inhales deeply and exhales a few times. His color returns and he shakes his head. “No, he is not contagious.” 
“Then what the hell is wrong with you?” Hayes asks. 
“I have seen some of the grossest wounds and blood doesn’t phase me but vomit?” he shudders. “It’s the smell, you know? Acidic and putrid all at once.” 
I feel my stomach churn with his description. 
“Enough,” I tell him, looking at Hayes, who wears a grossed out expression on his face as well. “Tell me what is wrong with Percy.” 
“That’s the problem.” He says, whispering like he doesn’t want anyone else to hear. “I can’t find a cause. He is just simply. throwing up. He says his chest hurts, an aching that is dull and grows intense enough to make him vomit. But there is no wound, not even a bruise or scar. Nothing to be found.” 
1/3 
III 
< 
“Thank you, Jonah.” Hayes says, dismissing him as I step toward the door, hearing retching from the other side. I suck in a deep breath, relying heavily on my lycan to keep me from following Percy’s lead on the vomiting. And then I push the door 
open. 
The smell of bile and stale air sweeps out the room, swirling around us like the smoke at a bonfire, I scan the dark room, looking for him before I flip on the light and see Percy lying on the ground, his shoulders moving up and down like he is 
crying. 
“Percy,” I say softly and he groans, pushing himself up onto his hands and knees. His eyes find mine, puffy and red. His skin is pale as a sheet of white silk and I rush to him, reaching out to help him stand. 
“I’m sorry alpha.” He chokes out, his voice trembling. “I can’t pinpoint what is wrong but…it hurts…and then I just…” 
“Shh, it’s okay Percy.” I assure him. “I am concerned about you, and why you are so ill.” 
“But I have things you need me to do. Penny hasn’t reached out since she left and I need to send a message and hope she responds…” 
I sigh, shaking my head as I move him to the bed and sit next to him on it. 
“Hayes, get these windows open and the windows, too. Let’s get some fresh air and light in here.” I tell him and he nods, doing exactly as I ask of him. 
“When did all this start, Percy?” I ask him and he shrugs. 
“On the drive home yesterday, I guess.” He slumps a little, a whimper breaking from his lips, and his hand flies to his chest. 
“Ahhh!” his pain grows worse as he cries out, his fingers pressing into his bare skin and I notice the bruises he leaves on his own flesh with how hard he presses against the pain. His legs shake and he snaps his mouth closed, gritting his teeth as I put my hand on his back, trying to keep him from falling over. 
“What is it?” Hayes rushes over, dropping to his knees before our crying friend. “Is it your heart?” 
“It fucking hurts so bad,” He cries out. I tug him closer to me, holding him steady as he shakes and convulses. “Bucket!” 
Hayes jumps to the side, grabbing a bucket that has already been used, the contents spilling onto his hand as he turns green in the face and locks eyes with me. I take the bucket from him carefully and Hayes bolts for the bathroom and the two heave and throw up. 
“Are you sick because of the pain?” I ask him and he nods, taking a slight break from dry heaving to wipe his mouth on his 
arm. 
“Yes. It overwhelms me. It is unlike anything I have ever felt before.” He croaks and I furrow 
“Did it start right after we left?” I ask him, and he shakes his head. 
my brows. 
“No, I was good for several hours…but then it was like my body was tearing apart. My chest was ripping open and I swear there was something in my chest. Eventually, the pain became too much. And it just comes in waves now.” 
“You haven’t heard from Penny?” Hayes asks, sticking his head out of the bathroom door. He then walks out, wiping his face with a towel, looking much better. 
“I wouldn’t expect him to hear from her until Colette is ready to reach out.” I remind him, but Percy lets out a strange 
sound. 
look at him, his eyes wide. Clearly, Percy realizes something. 
“What?” 
2/3 
Chapter 76 
“Penny and I were communicating.” He says quietly. “She was going to reach out daily to let me know how she and Luna are doing. So if you asked or needed reassurance, I could tell you. We agreed before she volunteered to go with her.” 
His words shock me and I frown, wanting to be disappointed but finding myself grateful for such loyal gammas to not only my luna but me as well. 
“And how were they…when they responded?” I ask him and he looks disappointed and shrugs. 
“She never called. It’s been twelve hours past when she said she would read out…” Hayes then stands abruptly and paces toward the window. “Oh, fuck…no no no…” 
“What?” I ask, his anguish palpable. 
“No, it can’t be that would…I would have felt it…unless it’s this… fuck!” Percy rushes toward the door, slipping on the rug, before righting himself. 
“Stop!” I roar, using my alpha command. He turns, his entire demeanor shifting from sickness to sheer terror and brokenness. “What the hell are you rambling on about?” 
“It’s not my pain. Shit. It’s hers. It’s Penny…Penny is… fuck…” He yanks at his hair, tears falling. “Penny is dead or dying. I can feel it…the pain is hers…I have to find her…” 
“Percy, just calm down. You don’t know that for sure.” I remind him, and he shakes his head. 
“No, I’m a fucking idiot. I should have known. Twins are connected, it’s a soul tie, and hers is…I can’t feel it anymore, Merikh…” His voice breaks and I yank the phone Caspian gave us out of my pocket, dialing the preset number. 
An unfamiliar voice answers. 
“This is Alpha Merikh. I would like to speak with my Luna, Colette.” I demand. There is a brief break and the phone shuffles. Hope springs in my chest. If Penny is dead, then Colette is dead or in danger too, but if she answers, if it is her voice on the other end, then we have to find another possibility for what is wrong with Percy. 
“Merikh,” I hear a deep voice. My stomach is falling and my mouth is going dry as I meet Hayes‘ eyes. 
“Is she with you?” I ask him. 
“Of course not. You said she chose to go with you. I was hoping you were Colette calling to say she had changed her mind.” 
“She did change her mind. She left to go with you yesterday. Her and her gamma, Penny.” I rush out the words, losing hope with every passing second. 
“Fuck.” Caspian grumbles. “She never made it, Merikh. Colette isn’t here.” 
3/3 
###Chapter 77
Chapter 77 
“Percy should have remained at home,” Hayes whispers as Percy sleeps in the back. 
“He has the right to search for his twin sister.” Leandra scoffs from beside the pale redhead, who is hugging the bucket like he may need it at any moment. 
“Hell, I should have left you back home too.” he frowns, gazing in the rearview mirror. I look over my shoulder, catching a small smile on her lips as she looks out the window. 
“It’s not my home and you don’t own me,” she says in a sing–song voice. 
As much as Hayes didn’t want her coming along, I am glad he gave into her request. Or rather her telling him she would meet us in the SUV. Her banter has been the only thing keeping the stifling tension in my chest from snapping and making me go feral. Not that I can say the same for Hayes, but part of me thinks he is enjoying being challenged. 
“She has a point, Hayes.” I say, “Percy has every right to be with us searching for Penny,” 
He looks over his shoulder at Percy and sighs, removing a hand from the wheel as he drags it over his face, 
“I don’t want him to witness what we will find.” He whispers to me. 
My stomach churns, my chest aching at the thought of not only losing such a brilliant gamma, but what it will do to Percy. What it means regarding what happened to Colette. Penny was a top warrior and loyal. She would not go out without a fight, which means if she is indeed gone, then Colette is in some serious shit. 
Lycans are damn near impossible to kill, and even some methods we can come back from. Not always, but occasionally, we have been known to be revived when once believed to be dead. 
“Leandra,” I say, needing a distraction to keep myself from going fucking crazy and killing my way to my mate, 
“Yes?” she asks. 
“How long were you held in that mind prison?” I ask, moving in the front seat to look at her. Her blue eyes meet mine, hesitation in her demeanor before she sighs and presses her head back into the headrest with a shrug. 
“Honestly?” she sighs. “I don’t really know.” 
“How can you not know?” Hayes asks with a skeptic snort. 
“It’s not as simple as falling asleep and waking up,” she snaps. “I turned eighteen and then it’s just little snippets of my life where I was actually me.” 
My brows pull together, my mind whirring with thoughts. Percy was himself for the majority of the time, and even when he wasn’t, he was able to fight it. Why was it so different for Leandra, and what negative effects will there be with her now being set free and not knowing what she has done with her life for years? 
“And how old are you now?” Hayes asks, his tone lighter, more gentle as he meets her self conscious gaze. 
“Based on the year, I’m twenty.” She whispers and Hayes‘ face grows pale. 
Two years. She was controlled for two years. “And I don’t remember ever being in my lycan form until…” She pauses, clearing her throat. 
“Until what?” I ask her and she looks down at her lap, wringing her hands out. 
“Until I met Hayes. When the mate bond kicked in, it was like I was thrown out of a haunted room. Like seeing the sun for the first time.” She whispers. Then she snaps her head up. “Not that you are all that amazing. But the mate bond has a mind 
1/3 
O 
< 
||| 
of its own.” 
“Right. Happy to know I’m not that amazing,” Hayes grumbles. “We are here.” 
“Percy,” I say, reaching back and hitting his leg. He jolts up, his eyes red and puffy from all the tears he has cried before he looks out the window. 
“Are we sure this is where they are at?” He asks with his hoarse voice. 
I fling the seat buckle off, and shove the door open, jumping out and slamming the door closed as the others follow suit. 
“They left from this point, so we will start here.” I tell him. “It’s the best option we have at the moment.” 
“Okay.” he nods. “Running in lycan form?” 
I smirk. “Hell yeah we are. No faster way to travel on foot.” 
“Everyone ready?” I ask, looking around. Hayes nods, taking his shirt off and Percy follows suit. But I notice Leandra looking nervous as she stares at the ground. “Leandra?” 
“I think I should stay here. You know, just in case someone comes to steal the vehicle…” she offers too eagerly. 
I look at Hayes, who arches a brow in confusion. 
“Not an option. Why would you even think it was one?” he asks. 
“You said I wasn’t a prisoner,” she snaps and he frowns. 
“Yes, and you aren’t. But you wanted to come.” Hayes reminds her. She immediately rolls her eyes, going on the defense. 
“That was because you didn’t want me to come.” She says. 
“For a good reason! We can’t trust you, and I was right. Now you are here acting up and looking for a way to escape.” He growls. 
Percy looks at me like he woke up in a nightmare, and I shrug. These two are both equally strong headed and have their own shit to work out. But if they don’t figure it out in the next few seconds, Percy and I are leaving their asses behind. 
“I CAN’T SHIFT YOU FUCKING PRICK!” she roars, tears streaming down her cheeks. 
Hayes‘ face drops, his skin pale and his eyes wide. 
“But I saw you in your lycan form. It’s how we found each other. he shakes his head, trying to make sense of it. 
“I’ve only ever shifted when they control it. My lycan…she isn’t responding to me.” 
“Then why would you come?” He asks, sounding defeated. 
“Being around you makes me feel safer without my lycan, like maybe they can’t get to me again…” 
“You two can catch up to us,” I say, moving past Hayes and motioning for Percy to follow. “I think there are some things you need to discuss.” 
We don’t wait for them to respond. Percy and I sprint down the trail behind the house before breaking out into our lycan form and tearing through the trees. I can’t feel anything other than the firing off my nerve endings as my heart rises to my throat. What scene will we find, if we find anything at all? 
I sniff the air for her scent or Penny’s, any sign that they are or were in this area. What if they just simply eliminated Colette and left her dead? I can’t imagine what reason they would need for her now that the council has been dissolved. There is no 
2/3 
O 
way in hell she would ever let them use her as a weapon for them. 
It’s been two days now. Two days since we drove off and in the two days I lost her, maybe for a short time, but maybe forever. And I will never forgive myself for being the asshole that drove that wedge between us. I should have allowed her to make her own choice, and supported her in it. If I had, she would have been with Caspian when he left. Not exposed following him, hoping to catch up. 
I slow when I catch a whiff of stale blood, the tiniest hint of coppery smell on a little breeze. Percy freezes, sniffing the air as well, and we both zero in on a heavily bushy area. I move with caution before reaching out and tearing it back, instantly turning to keep Percy at bay. He shifts into his human form, and 1 do the same, making him look at me. 
“Perc, you don’t want to look.” I say softly and he roars out in anger and heartbreak. 
“It’s Pen, isn’t it?” he says, his voice breaking. 
“I am so fucking sorry, Percy.” I say, dragging him to me in a bear hug, trying to keep him from witnessing the horror of his dead sister. 
“No! No! Please, I have to see her.” He cries out. “I need to see her Alpha. I need to…” 
1 relent, my arms dropping from him as he pushes past me and he lets out a heart wrenching sob. 
“Pen, oh heavens, sis. What the fuck did they do to you?” He groans. I turn to watch him as he gently collects his sister, a small silver rod through her chest and her face lifeless. 
“Let me carry her for you.” I offer, willing to give her an alpha’s honor by taking her back in my arms. Percy shakes his head and gently moves her to the trail, easier to see. 
“We need to search for signs Luna Letty,” He whispers, before wiping his face. 
“I will search.” I tell him, and he shakes his head. 
“No, we will. And if she was taken, we will find her and we will kill every single fucking person who gets in our way,” he says, his voice void of sadness and full of rage and violence. 
3/3 
###Chapter 78
Chapter 78 
*Colette 
Everything aches and burns. My skin is covered in welts and deep cuts where they have struck me with varying sizes of sticks and the occasional knife to get me to comply. I glance up, looking at the metal pole my hands were forced to grip before they chained me to it and lifted me up. 
A chain clamps onto each of my ankles, tethering me to the ground to discourage too much swinging after every strike. The woman has taken a few breaks, her brow dotted in sweat as she allows me to heal before starting all over again. 
All because she wants me to cooperate and beg Merikh to come and save me. But it will be a cold day in hell the day I say the damn words she keeps trying to beat into my mouth. 
I stare at the blinking red light across from me, the device that will be used to torture my mate from a distance. It’s a coward’s way to send a video and lure them into coming. But it only works if I give in, which I won’t do. 
There is no way in hell I will say what they want me to say, no way I will give them the satisfaction. So I ready myself for the next blow to my shin, squeezing my eyes shut tight as I inhale sharply. 
“Oh no no, Luna. I need your eyes open. If you won’t use words, then I will need your eyes to speak.” The same woman as before says. I conjure up the blood and saliva in my mouth, launching it from my lips and onto her cheek. A satisfied smirk on my swollen lips. 
“Real cute,” she glares at me. Then she winds up her arm and her thin wooden pole cracks across my leg. 
A scream tries to tear from my lips, but it lodges deep in my throat, burning against my vocal chords as a sad whine finally breaks through. My whole body shudders, every nerve terrorized by the pain that overcomes all the other strikes and blows to my bruised and battered body. 
“Let it out,” she coos, her sick smile the only thing I see as my vision dots and slowly comes back to normal. “No need to remain quiet for me.” 
I give her a tight–lipped fake smile back, swallowing a whimper of pain as my cracked lips break open and bleed again. My body is struggling to keep up with the healing process. This woman is enjoying beating me to within an inch of my life and letting me come back from it before doing it all over again. 
Who knows how long I have been back here? There is no light from the sun or the moon, no breeze from some hallway hidden any which way. Only stale air that smells of blood and urine. It’s clear this is their favored torture chamber, and that they lack cleaning skills. It’s obviously a scare tactic. 
Make it feel like life is desolate and hopeless. Take anything that one might find pleasure in and tear it away from them. Anyone with nothing to live for would give up, they would give in. But not me, no, I refuse to be weak when I have finally learned what it is to be strong. My strength is new founded, but it is my own. 
“Do you really think your Alpha King will actually come for you?” She snorts out a laugh. “You know he killed his last mate, right? Why the hell would he save you when he can just…pick someone else? It’s easier. Less dangerous than risking his pack to come save you.” 
“Lauren was a traitorous bitch. She didn’t deserve Merikh.” I tell her. I know I had resolved to not engage her in any conversation, but I refuse to let her record me not responding back about my mate. My alpha. Merikh’s actions were warranted and nothing, no one will ever be able to convince me otherwise. 
“Oh, is that what he told you?” She giggles, thinking she will confuse me or make me doubt him. 
What this idiot doesn’t know is I am done doubting what Merikh and I have. We have our problems, our issues to work through, but what strengthens us, what makes us great… is that at the end of the day. After every argument and fight, we still 
choose each other. 
1/3 
||| 
O 
Mate bond or not we make the choice to come back and work things out. We may be ur species or other royals. But I own up to my failings and lately, Merikh has learned to do so too. 
“It’s what I know.” 
“Did you know Lauren was a hybrid too, then?” She asks, arching a brow. 
Her news shocks me, and I’m not quick enough to hide it on my face. She grins victoriously, rounding me, stopping behind me, and sticking her head between my outstretched arms. 
“I guess that’s a no, then,” she says, nearly giddy with excitement 
“Is that why you wanted me?” I ask “Because you know I am a hybrid?” 
She sighs, clanking with something behind me. 
“No,” she says slowly, like she is thinking about what to say next. No, you being a hybrid is indeed a plus, but not why you 
are here.” 
“Liar.” I mutter and she laughs. 
*Fine. It may be in part why you are here.” She says, coming back into view. “Okay, yes, it’s exactly why you are here. The fact that you are mated to Merikh is just a bonus.” 
I twist, trying to take the pressure off my wrists and push the pain from my leg aside. As someone shows up out of the darkness and I startle when I see the same man from before. The one who dragged me here. 
“Jennifer, they want you upstairs. And they want her back in her cage,” the same dragon male from before whispers in her ear. She rolls her eyes and shoves past him, stopping in the door and looking over her shoulder. 
“Keep her here,” she says. 
“No way, I have express orders. Giselle told me to place her back—” 
“Keep. Her. Here.” She hisses. 
“No,” He grits out. “I won’t go against the queen.” 
“Fuck Giselle and her high and mighty shit. She isn’t one of us. She is a poser.” Jennifer hisses at him. 
He steps into her, his massive frame looming over her. 
“Watch what you say, Jennifer.” He says, his skin looking orange as a fire burns within him. “You sound like a traitor.” 
“Oh, that’s right, I forgot you worship the ground that poser walks on.” She grumbles, walking off in a huff. 
“and you, are you ready to be dragged back to the other trash?” he asks, stepping closer with a sneer on his face. 
“Can’t wait,” I say sarcastically and his face cracks, showing a small grin. He reaches up, undoing my hands first as I land on my feet, crumble to the ground, crying out in pain. 
My leg muscles refuse to respond, my thighs feeling like there are massive balls in my legs keeping me from bending them. The man then yanks on the chain attached to the ankle cuffs, making me hiss as he undoes them. Then he stands, stooping down, and he grabs my ankle. 
He drags me behind him, my bones creaking as if they may snap at any moment, and I groan. The pain is too much as it ripples through my legs and up my lower back, through my spine and to the base of my skull. Tears spring free and I realize, for once, that my tears may just be able to save me. 
2/3 
III 
O 
r 
+28%2 
Chapter 78 
I let them flow, sobbing into my shirt as I pull it up over my face to soak up the water my body is releasing. My skin scraps across the rough rock and dirt, and I can feel the blood making my back slick as he opens the gate and throws me in. 
I groan as I slam into the ground and once he is gone, I rush to the cages next to me. 
“I need something to hold liquid.” I whisper, taking my shirt off and wiping my face. All I need is to collect water or liquid in any way I can. Tears, blood, moisture. Anything I can use to draw water out of, then I can fight back. 
3/3 
SEND GIFT 
###Chapter 79
< 
Chapter 79 
“It won’t work.” A tired voice says from beyond the bars next to me. I stop, holding my dirty shirt close, my excitement waning and taking with it the endorphins blocking my pain. 
“Why won’t it work?” I ask, half heartedly believing it now. 
They take everything. They do a sweep each day, and they take anything that is not clothing on us.” She whispers. “And they know what you are now, so they may not even bring you water to drink.” 
“Shit.” I mutter, pressing my back against the rocky wall and sliding down, hugging my shirt like it is my favorite childhood stuffed animal. This is not how I go out without a stand and as weak as I was when Merikh found me. I have finally found my strength, a life I want to fight for so damn it, I will figure out a way out. I have to. 
“It would be a lie to say things will be alright,” Elle says, moving closer to the bar. I slide my eyes to look at her, my heart breaking at her appearance. This isn’t how I wanted to find my mother. I wanted to blaze in and save her. Drag her from this hellhole and nurture her back to health. 
“They can’t be all that bad if I’ve finally found you.” I whisper, and she furrows her brows in doubt. 
“I’m not who you think I am,” she whispers. 
“So you aren’t Caspian’s mate? The king of the sirens?” I ask her, and she blinks at me before looking around. She moves closer, her hands resting on the silver bars but having no reaction to the metal that should burn her. 
Are you one of them?” She whispers. 
“One of who?” I ask, confused. 
“The fae that they used in the past to trick me.” She pushes off the bar, using her arms to drag herself away from me. Her legs are limp as she puts distance between us from the bars. “You aren’t the first attempt to make me think you are my daughter. But I know she is dead, so I won’t fall for your tricks.” 
“You left me in a bog and told me someone would be there for me soon.” I tell her. “For years I thought you were dead, and I had no idea who I was, what I was. A slave in my alpha’s house where his daughter made my every day a living hell.” 
She covers her ears as she whimpers. 
“No, no, no!” she hisses. “My brother would never do that…he…” 
She pauses, looking at me with a spark in her eyes. 
“What is my niece’s name?” She asks like she is testing me, and I snort. 
“Leslie.” I say with ease, “And your brother’s name is Alpha Bentley. Though I didn’t know I was related to them until after The Lycan King took me as his mate.” 
“He took you?” She whispers, confused. 
“More like he traded for me.” 
“What did he trade?” She asks, sitting up and looking like she might believe me now. 
“War.” I shrug. “No war if he could have me. War if Alpha Bentley refused.” 
“Bentley traded you to the Lycan King?” she repeats the words like she can’t believe them. “He was supposed to protect you.” 
“Best trade ever.” I whisper to myself, tears springing in the corners of my eyes. Damn, how I miss Merikh’s stubborn alpha 
1/3 
||| 
O 
< 
ways. 
“You love him…” Melody asks, confused. 
“Yes.” I nod, regretting the action as pain seeps in from my aching muscles, and I remember just how much I am trying to block out. 
There is a stretch of silence, and I hear the soft sound of sobbing. Melody covers her face, her body rocking with heaving sobs before she looks up and drags her broken body back toward me. Her eyes are red and puffy, and her silt covered face clean where the tears have tracked through the ages of dirt. 
“C–can I look at you?” She whispers, a fleeting shimmer of hope in her eyes. 
“It is me, mom.” I whisper, and she slaps a hand over her mouth. 
“Oh, heavens.” She says in a shaky voice before she crumples and weeps. 
I watch her, stunned, unsure of what to do as I reach through the bars, my bare arms burning on contact with the silver, but 
I ignore it. My fingers finger her hand and I pull it from her face, holding it in mine. 
“I’m so happy you are alive,” I say, my voice small and filled with emotions as I try to control myself. 
“Are you really her little Letty?” Trina asks. I don’t bother to look at her. How can I when I’m finally laying eyes on my mom for the first time in over ten years? 
“I am.” 
There is a shuffling sound in through the prison, and my mom snaps away from me. Everyone goes dead silent. I wince as I slowly extract my arm from the bars and inch myself back to the wall, being careful not to bump my aching legs and sore body. 
The cell door opens to Melody’s little slice of hell and a little old man pushes a cart inside before closing the door behind him. He hums a little tune, his voice hoarse and crackly as he searches his little cart for something. Fear grips my heart. Would they torture her here? In front of me? 
I know the answer is yes, but I can’t bear to see them hurt her any more than she is already injured. 
“Don’t fucking touch her,” I roar at him, throwing myself at the bars, trying to reach through and grab him. 
I feel nothing, my adrenaline pumping through me as I do my damndest to reach the stubbly old man. He turns slowly, his eyes scanning me with curiosity before he rolls his eyes and begins his happy little hum before selecting something in a small jar. 
“Be calm Luna.” He says in song form, in tune with what he was humming. 
“He is here to heal me,” Melody says with a soft smile. “Well, as best as he can.” 
My stomach churns, and I look at Trina and Lenard, who cast their sad gazes away. They look far better off than my mother. Hell, they look like they have hardly had a whipping in their time here. 
“He will move to you next,” Trina says. 
“I’d rather he not.” I say stubbornly. 
“You don’t have a choice. His job is to heal you so you can handle more punishment later.” Lenard explains, sorrow on his face. The way these two have gone somber makes me unsettled and I furrow my brows, watching them. Lenard seems to pick up on my confusion, and he sighs heavily. 
“They will punish you until you give them what they want,” He says. 
2/3 
O 
< 
“And then once they get it, they will punish you for fun,” Trina adds. 
The little old man stops his humming, and for the first time he looks up at me and I realize he is just as much a prisoner as any of us. He looks dead inside, like he is a shell of a being, just doing what he has to in order to go through the motions to trick people into thinking he is actually living. 
“What happened to you?” I whisper, and he blinks at me. 
“I betrayed the dragon queen.” He mumbles. 
“And yet they are trusting you to heal us now?” I scoff and he turns back to my mother, his humming starting up again. “I will heal fine on my own.” 
No one says anything. Instead, we all sit in the echo of the healer’s strange, humming voice before he hobbles his way out of my mother’s cage and moves to mine. I stare at him as he moves about his cage and then moves over to me. He places his hand out for me to show him my injuries, but I hug my legs to my body, gasping out as bile flies up my throat from the pain. 
“Let me help you, child,” he whispers, his voice below a whisper 
“I am not a child.” I grit out. “As you said, I am a luna.” 
“Forgive me, luna,” he whispers again. “It’s been many years since I have seen you.” 
My eyes grow wide and my mouth falls open with so many questions, but I don’t get any out before the cage door clangs open and the same woman from before flounces in, leaning against the wall across from me with a smirk on her lips. 
“You look like you didn’t get too much of a beating.” She muses. I will make sure the next one is a little more…intense.” 
I growl low in my chest at her, and she chuckles. 
“A wolf’s bite has nothing on a dragon’s breath. You are nothing but a thorn in my foot.” She says with the wave of her hand. 
“I suppose you should really watch where you step,” I say, my eyes meeting hers. “It would suck if this thorn gave you a life- threatening infection.” 
“Tell you what. From now on, we won’t just torture you to get what we want. We torture mommy dearest while you watch.” 
I glance at my mom, who tries to give me an encouraging look, but the fear and years of pain are impossible to mask. At this point they want me to choose between my mom, who I just got back, and my mate and pack. The very existence of my kind. They very well could just send Merikh a note saying they have me and where I am. 
But they want me to do it. They want the downfall of my kind and the death of my mate to be solely on my back. Just like Penny’s death. These assholes want to break me before they kill me. 
But I am used to being underestimated, and that will be their downfall. Not mine. 
3/3 
SEND GIFT 
COMMENT 
O 
###Chapter 80
Chapter 80 
“Merikh 
I stalk into the wet sand, my feet sinking with every heavy step as the rain pelts down on my back and shoulders. This beach would have been a wonderful place to take my hybrid queen. The perfect place where the forest meets the sea, the scent of pine and fresh salty air swirling together in a melody of our tale. 
Except now it’s a place of ache and sorrow. There is a part of me that still expects to see her emerge from the water and walk up to me with a seductive smile. I focus on the waves, begging her to arise and tell me this has all been a terrible joke. A useless dream for a man who found his dead gamma, but a dream I can’t stop having, 
I pause when I get to the tumultuous water, lapping angrily at the edge of the shore as the storm rages. A mirror image of the emotions tearing through me. A dangerous mix of guilt and anger growing out of control, taking out anything that dares enter its warring path. 
“Merikh, you should be waiting in the car. It is safer.” Hayes says, rushing up behind me. But his concerns fall on deaf ears. 
Speaking of safety, when my heart is out there exposed, being exploited. How can I possibly care about safety when hers is the only concern I have? If I had been more concerned about her, more receptive to her needs and desires, then maybe, just maybe, none of this would have happened. I held on to her too tight, and I lost her. 
“We don’t have time to waste waiting for Caspian to make his way to us.” I remind my brother who sighs. “Every second she is gone, I come a second closer to losing my damn mind, Hayes 
Jdrag my hands through my hair, slicking it back with the wetness of the rain. 
“We will find her, Merikh.” He says, his voice firm. No room for a lie. Hayes truly believes we will get our Luna back. 
“That’s not what worries me, brother.” I sigh heavily, watching the waves crash into each other, growing taller as they white cap and swell, rushing toward the shore. 
“Use me.” A voice says from behind us. Hayes‘ body goes stiff and we turn to see Landra standing there. The rain grows stronger, the downpour deafening in the ears with the rage of the sea, so she moves closer. Her eyes dart from Hayes to mine. “Use me to find her.” 
“I don’t understand.” I furrow my brows, confused. 
“You swore you don’t remember anything.” Hayes says, sounding frustrated and accusatory. She ignores his tone and looks directly at me. 
“I don’t recall anything and I can’t shift, but what if you command me to shift? What if my lycan knows things?” She says, taking a step closer. 
“You can’t question a lycan.” Hayes scoffs, a laugh rumbling through him as thunder cracks through the sky, lightning following it and crashing to the beach to our far right. 
I don’t blink, instead; I get lost in thought. 
“Why can’t I?” I ask no one in particular. 
“What?” Hayes scoffs. “Because Lycan can’t form coherent sentences.” 
“Can’t they?” I ask, arching a brow, and he throws his hands up in defeat, looking frustrated. 
“Command me to question her. She is here, in my mind, but there’s a barrier, a lack of trust, but if she recognizes you as her alpha, as the king of the lycans…‘” 
1/3 
||| 
“Then maybe she will open up to you. Maybe she will allow you to share what she knows, what she can recall.” I finish for her in thought. 
“One problem.” Hayes growls. “You aren’t a member of a pack, so he can’t command you. And since we aren’t in our pack. you can’t just join 
“Unless she swallows, her cheeks growing pink. “Unless we accept each other.” 
Hayes freezes. Lightning strikes no less than three feet away from him and he doesn’t even flinch. His eyes bore into her and then I watch as his brows knit together and his face grows sad. 
“If it will help save Luna Colette, then fine.” Hayes says as he stalks toward her, stopping to say something as her face changes from determination to heart break. I can sense the tears she is shedding the rain washing them away as her fist clench. Then she spins and races after him. 
I turn my back on them, focusing on the water as I watch the clouds grow even dark. Another flash of lightning lighting up the water to see a figure fast approaching. I prepare myself, waiting as someone rises from the water, scaly and dark before it shakes its head and Caspian saunters out toward me. 
He slicks back his graying hair and nods as he approaches. 
You could have waited in the car,” he shouts above the chaotic sounds of nature around us. 
*I didn’t want to waste any time.” I tell him. 
“Understandable.” He nods, looking up at the sky. “Then let’s move. I have lots to share and I am hopeful you have some information for me as well.” 
He moves past me, heading toward the woods. I follow along behind him and once we hit the thick canopy of trees; I grab the bag of clothing for him and toss it his way. In silence, he grabs the towel, drying himself off as I move to the car and climb into the passenger’s seat. Leandra sits behind the stoic looking Hayes while we wait. 
The tension is thick, only growing thicker by the second, and I know it has everything to do with her offer. Leandra is right, though. If Hayes and her accept each other, it tethers her to our pack, which means she follows my orders. But that also means Hayes‘ choice in accepting her is gone. 
I love Colette. She is my life, my soul, but I can not force Hayes to accept her. It has to be his own decision, not mine, If I get desperate enough, I may force the issue. I know myself just as well as he knows me. Which does nothing to make me feel like it is less forced. Hayes is going to feel cornered no matter which way he goes. 
“You two have some things to discuss.” I say after clearing my throat. 
“Yes, alpha.” Hayes mutters. And Leandra looks out the window as Caspian pulls the door’open and hops in. 
“We all know this is the dragons and whoever is working with them.” Caspian says without hesitation. “But after discussing matters with the vampires, they have chosen to remove themselves from the war and go underground.” 
I look at Hayes, who is lost in thought as he pulls down the dirt drive, away from the beach. 
“Underground?” I ask and he nods. 
“Yes. They are choosing to hide from this war.” 
“Naturally.” Hayes grumbles. 
One less species in this war is better for us.” I remind him. “And they sure as shit weren’t going to be on our side if they joined.” 
“Yeah, I suppose.” Hayes sighs. 
2/3 
||| 
O 
< 
+5 
Chapter 80 
“I also found something interesting from Elm.” Caspian says. “He has been doing some digging with his sister. There have been a few species that have been thought to die off that might be capable of what is happening.” 
“What they are doesn’t fucking matter to me.” I tell him. “I just need to know how to kill them.” 
Half of the species around have specific ways to die. Vampires need a stake to the heart or perish in a flame so hot their cold skin melts. Dragons require their flame to be extinguished, either snuffed out or drowned. There are some I don’t even know how to kill. Like the sirens, or the different types of Fae. 
“It might not be that easy.” He exhales. “I am leaning toward her being what is known in the fae folklore as a creature of chaos. One made of fire who is immortal.” 
I press my head against the headrest of the car and close my eyes, trying to calm myself down. 
“Everything has a weakness.” I grit out and he clicks his tongue. 
“I agree, and I think we have created her weakness. Colette may be the only person who can kill it.” 
“So what exactly is it then?” Hayes asks. 
“She is fire.” Leandra whispers, sounding fearful, and I look back at her, her body shivering. 
“A Phoenix,” Caspian says. “A creature of fire, one who thrives on burning things down. Figuratively and literally.” 
3/3 
SEND GIFT 
COMMENT 
###Chapter 81
Chapter 81 
“You knew what she was?” Hayes asks Leandra, looking angry. She looks up, blinking at him in a near catatonic state before she seems to come back to the real world. 
“No…” she whispers. “I just…she always felt like fire…” 
“That is what Percy wrote on the mirror.” I recall looking back at Caspian. “When he was fighting for control. When we asked him about it later, we all just assumed he was warning us about the dragons, but if the only species he knew to be fire was dragons….then he couldn’t assume it to be anything else but them.” 
Caspian muses quietly, his thumb under his chin and his index finger folded over his lips. 
“You hate me.” Leandra whispers, and I look over at Hayes, who doesn’t respond. 
Instead, his knuckles grow white as he squeezes the steering wheel and adjusts how he is sitting. He is being a stubborn jackass. Just as blinded by the mate bond as I was with Colette. It’s amazing how a gift can feel like pressure to accept something you aren’t sure you want. 
“No,” I answer for him. “There is just a lot at stake right now, Leandra. He is the beta, his job is to protect me and our pack at all costs. That includes focusing all energy on finding our luna.” 
“I have already offered a viable option to help.” She reminds me, her eyes watching the back of Hayes‘ head. 
“One we will revisit, but if I want her back safely, we need to have all the pieces. Not just fragmented memories from a lycan who was possessed.” I explain as quickly and as nicely as I can. She nods, but I see the way her lips quiver as she looks out the window, wiping at her face as her hair falls over her for coverage. 
Caspian arches a brow at me, and I clear my throat. 
“So a Phoenix.” I say, changing the subject. “What exactly does that mean for us?” I ask him. 
“It means we have to get Colette back before they kill her.” His words are a matter of fact, but it feels like a silver dagger directly to the heart. 
We have to get her back before they kill her. But if it was about killing her…then why would they have kidnapped her? What do they gain by taking her and keeping her with them? Unless they took her and killed her elsewhere in order to ensure we hunt for them. Then again, what would they want with us coming for them? There is nothing to be gained in that. 
I rub my chest; the muscles aching at the thought of her already being gone. But I would have felt it right? If Percy could feel that he was losing his twin, surely I would feel it through the bond regardless of distance between us, right? 
“What makes you think they want to kill her?” Hayes asks. I tilt my head in curiosity. 
“Why else would they take her if not to kill her? Giselle is the one who threw a huge fit about Colette being a hybrid.” Caspian reminds us both. 
But the more I think about Hayes‘ posed question, the more I wonder the same thing. What reason do we have to think she wants Colette dead? Giselle tried to kill her, or so we assumed, with the fire balls she sent at her. 
But it could easily have been assumed I would have jumped in the way. I didn’t hide the fact that I would willingly die for her. So maybe it’s not Colette she wants dead, maybe it’s me. 
“She knew I would protect Colette with my life.” I murmur as we pull into the mansion we all abandoned days before. 
“So Giselle is aiming to kill you?” Hayes asks, confused. “No offense brother, but what does killing you do? We have a hierarchy. Killing off an alpha will just pass the title along.” 
“I don’t know,” I muse, pinching the bridge of my nose. “Fuck. Every time it feels like we get somewhere, it stops making sense.” 
“Desperation often leads to outside of the box ideas.” Caspian says. “And right now, desperation feels like the only way to get to logical answers. Even if they seem illogical.” 
“That feels like a whole lot of talking in a circle,” Hayes mumbles, annoyed. 
We hop out of the car, the four of us wandering toward the familiar mansion doors, and I realize the roof on the other side seems to be replaced. Though I don’t say much, it shouldn’t surprise me he would have the place repaired already. As we push the doors open, we are met with a tasty smell of steak and seasoned potatoes. My stomach rumbling until I think about Colette. 
What is she eating, if they are feeding her at all? They no doubt are aware of her abilities with water, so how weak will she be if they keep liquid away from her, not allowing her to hydrate? How the fuck am I supposed to eat when she is suffering a fate worse than death? 
“You two should change into dry clothing, then we can eat and regroup in my den,” Caspian says, walking off toward the kitchen. 
1/3 
It feels to me like Hayes is not trying to understand that Leandra has been through more than most. Her ability to make her own decision, shift on her own command, was taken from her. And all his anger and annoyance does is break her down further. 
“Are you ready?” I ask her softly and she startles, her hand rushing to her chest before her checks flush pink and she nods. 
“Yeah,” she clears her throat as we walk in silence, me unsure of what to say and her lost in her mind. 
“Hayes will come around.” I tell her hopefully, giving her a tight smile. 
“Maybe,” she sighs. “I wouldn’t blame him if he doesn’t. It’s not like I am an ideal candidate. I mean…I didn’t even know I was a lycan until I shifted the first time and then I was hijacked by Giselle and Lily. There is a lot I don’t even know about myself.” 
It’s not that she wants or needs it, but I pity her. I feel sorry for everything that has been taken from her. What she has lost and what she may lose because of circumstances beyond her control. There is a lot in life to miss when someone else is at the helm and making you out to be a bad guy. 
“We are always changing, constantly growing because of what we experience. Even if you had known yourself, you would be a different person tomorrow than you are going to bed tonight.” 
“I guess,” she murmurs. 
“Life IS change. You don’t have to know who you are, Leandra. You only have to know who you want to be. What you want in life.” 
She smiles softly. 
“Who I want to be is someone a part of something good.” She whispers. “I want to help you find Luna Colette, any way possible. And I want to kill her for what she did to me.” 
“Oh, well, get in line to kill Giselle.” I chuckle, shaking my head. “There are quite a few of us on the list.” 
She waves her hands. “No, not her. I want to kill Lily for living in my head, playing me like a puppet and taking everything from me, especially my choices.” 
“Mmm, well…” I exhale a deep breath as we come to her door. “Lily is yours for the taking.” 
She reaches out, and I arch a brow as I clasp my hand to hers and we shake. 
“Deal.” Then she turns and enters her room in much higher spirits. 
I change quickly, wondering how all my clothes are already placed in the closet I shared with Colette, but I’m learning not to question the things the supernaturals can do. 
Instead, I exit the room that feels suffocating without my mate’s scent and move to the dinner hall. I hear low arguing as I come around the corner and I stop dead in my tracks. 
“If you had anything to fucking do with this-” Caspian growls, his hands on the collar of none other than an unbothered Johannes. 
“I told you already. I am here to help you, not for the vampires, but of my accord.” He tells Caspian, who scoffs. 
“And what makes you think we want your fucking help? Better yet, what makes you think we need it?” I growl, crossing my arms over my chest. 
“Because there is shit you don’t know….things unfolding you won’t understand.” He says plainly, but I can see the sincerity in his eyes. 
“Oh? Like what?” I scoff. “Name one thing-” 
“Lauren was a hybrid.” He says, flatly. “I turned her, 
and 
survived it as both vampire and lycan.” 
“What?” 
“And she may not be as dead as previously thought…” He says, looking away. 
2/3 
###Chapter 82
Chapter 82 
“What the fuck did you just say?” Hayes roars from behind me. 
“That’s not possible.” I say plainly, refusing to fall into his emotional trap. 
There will be no losing my temper, no allowing him to control how I respond with such heinous claims. Lauren is dead. Damn dead. I know this because we removed her damn head from her body. 
“She is a hybrid. I don’t know what the hell she is capable of. She may be fucking immortal for all we know.” Johannes says, pacing a way with his hands in his hair. 
He is disheveled, his eyes swirling red with hunger and his demeanor is frantic. I know he shouldn’t be here. Capsian said it himself the vampires have bowed out of this fight, choosing to run and hide. 
Unless they did create a hybrid, one they can’t control and they want to escape the accusations and responsibilities that come from having created 
one. 
“Johannes, take a damn seat.” Caspian says in a threatening tone. 
“There is no fucking time to sit and eat a fancy fucking meal, Fish man!” He roars. “Giselle and Lauren are working together, but they aren’t the ones in fucking charge.” 
“It would be a lot easier to make a plan if we knew what the fuck was going on.” I snap at him, losing my temper. 
Lauren, being alive, does nothing but piss me off. It’s not because of who she is or what she meant to me once. It’s jealousy that she is well and alive and my mate might not be. Colette has done nothing to deserve the shit thrust on her from all these bitches moving behind the scenes. 
Johannes‘ eyes burn with fear and fury as he plops into a chair, lifting his arms in a show of inviting us to take a seat with him. He is being a dick, one who is coming to make a show of sharing information like he cares, but he wants something. He always wants something when he wants to be cooperative. It’s how vampires always are: selfish and needy. 
“Explain how it is possible for Lauren to be a hybrid.” I say. “And alive. Because as far as I know, burning a vampire at the fucking stake or beheading them are effective ways to kill your kind.” 
He sighs, leaning back in his chair as he glances up at the ceiling and then shakes his head. 
“I knew you would kill her. There was no way you wouldn’t, so I bit her.” he says it’s as simple as that. 
But it’s not. Werewolves and lycans can’t survi a vampire’s bite, not when they feed off of us. Not only that, if it did what it was supposed to, which is turn her into one of them, her mate’s bond with me would have been broken. That is something I would have unmistakably felt. 
Lauren didn’t shield her fear or pain from me leading up to her death or as she was dying. I experienced every excruciating second of it until it snapped and she was gone. 
“I said explain, not give me vague information that doesn’t make sense.” I bite out. “Our mate bond was intact until she died.” 
“I bit her wrist and fed on her. It healed almost immediately, but there was no change in her like to be expected. It was a long shot, but…I loved her.” Johannes explains. “And until I went back to my coven after the attack and they showed me proof…” 
Hayes snorts and shakes his head, unbelieving of his tale. Not that I blame him. It’s all pretty far–fetched. 
“Look! I am telling you the fucking truth here.” He says like he is offended, we would assume he is lying. 
“Fine, say you are being honest. Why the hell are you here, telling us all of this? Why wouldn’t you just side with Giselle and her army of dragons?” Caspian asks. 
Johannes glances away before he clears his throat and leans forward with a sardonic chuckle as he shakes his head. Then he looks up at me, his tongue sliding over his teeth. 
“Because if she is unkillable, that means my position is at stake. Lauren, being a vampire hybrid, now has a claim to my title and my throne. And as much as I cared for her, I don’t like that she is more powerful than me and will eventually come to take what is mine.” 
I push off the wall, stalking toward the table as I yank out a chair across from him and take a seat. His eyes watch me with curiosity before I look over at Hayes, who seems to consider what Johannes says. He meets my gaze and nods, then he takes a seat next to me. 
“You are saying you are joining us because you are worried she will be better than you?” I ask. 
“Yes!” he says, relieved we seem to understand. “I am the Vampire Heir. My parents are to finally hand me over their throne after hundreds of years of waiting. It is mine.” 
1/3 
2:22 PM 
Chapter 82 
“It’s not enough.” I shrug. “It is not enough for us to trust you, for us to believe you are on our side. I need more from you than a jealous streak and a fear of losing your throne.” 
He stands abruptly, his chair clattering to the ground as he paces away. Then he groans in frustration and slams his fists on to the thick oak table. The wood creaks and a splintering races toward me, stopping just shy of the edge where I sit. 
“I will swear a fucking oath.” He says, his voice dripping with honesty and contempt. The very thought is revolting to him and it’s noticeable. 
“Let’s start with you telling us everything you know.” I say calmly, which I know only makes him angrier. Nothing pisses him off more than me being the cool, calm and collected one. “And I don’t want general assumptions. I want every fucking boring detail.” 
“Giselle is not a dragon.” He says like it’s not news to us. 
“We are aware.” Caspian says, playing with the water from his glass as it floats above his fingertips. 
“She tricked them. They think she is because the Dragon lord claims to be her mate.” He says. “But with the use of Fae Magic, she can possess anyone who is weak–minded enough.” 
His words are very clearly a dig at my luna and I growl low in my chest as a warning to him. 
“Colette may be na?ve in some regards but weak minded she is not.” I hiss at him and I see a flicker of amusement. So I lean forward, a twitch in my lip as my lycan resists flying across to throttle him. “Take another dig like that again, and Lauren will be the least of your worries.” 
He throws his hands up in surrender. 
“The dragon king was the only viable target. She is a Phoenix, so she smells like fire, like a dragon.” 
“And how did you know she was a phoenix?” Caspian asks, sitting forward, the water sloshing back into the glass. 
“Process of elimination,” he frowns. “She was able to use fire, but it was different from a dragon’s fire. It was…less controlled and she should have been able to just fly away on her own, but she didn’t. She needed to be rescued.” 
“Exactly.” Caspian hums in thought. “Merikh, I would like to speak with you for a moment.” 
He then stands abruptly and walks out of the room, expecting him to follow. I look at Hayes, who has his eyes trained on our enemy turned temporary ally. He waves me off with a simple flick of his wrist. 
“I am fine, brother. If blood sucker makes a single fucking move and I will gladly end him.” He mutters, and I don’t doubt it. Hayes has a lot of pent up anger and he is looking for a way to let out. I have no doubt that Johannes would be the one to go down. Mostly immortal or not. 
I stand, patting him on the shoulder once before I walk down the hall and find Caspian pacing back and forth, his hands on his hips. He looks distressed, his worried and tired eyes finding mine as he shakes his head. 
“What is on your mind, Caspian?” I ask him with a frown and he shrugs. 
“I am desperate,” he says, looking sad. “We have to find her, even if it means joining forces with Johannes.” 
“Fuck that!” I hiss, “I don’t trust him. I killed Lauren. It wasn’t a simple stab wound or use of silver. I made sure there was no way out for her I fucking-” 
“Enough, Merikh.” He lifts his hand with a heavy sigh. “I am not saying I trust him or believe him. But he is willing to take an oath.” 
“An oath is just fucking words,” I remind him, and he frowns. 
“Unless you make him do a blood oath,” I can see the plea in his eyes. 
“No,” I scoff and chuckle dryly, pacing away. “No fucking way. I will not have him linked to me with an oath,” 
“This is Colette,” He reminds me. “Your mate, your luna.” 
I drag my hands down my face, groaning as I nod and sigh. 
“Fine. You are right.” I shrug and give in. He is right. This isn’t about him being the fucker who killed my father or one of my sworn enemies. This is about Colette, my little luna. And I will do anything, including keeping this fucker attached to me to save her. 
Caspian clasps me on my shoulder in appreciation as he steers us back to the kitchen. When we walk in, we find that neither man has moved an inch. Both of them lost in a staring contest until I clear my throat. 
“We will initiate the oath.” I announce, silencing Hayes with a stern glance and he growls under his breath. 
“Fine.” Johannes says, standing, but I can see the tension in his shoulders. I half expected to call him out on his bluff, but it seems he is being 
2/3 
D 
3/3 
###Chapter 83
Chapter 83 
Colette 
My body shudders involuntarily, the cold leeching in through the dirtied denim pants I have on and the thin shirt I pulled back over my head to retain whatever heat I can. 
Mom breathes heavily just on the other side of the bars, as close as she can be without being too affected by the silver. I expected them to come back for me, but as my mom expected, they are letting me heal before they start up again. 
It seems they want it to last as long as possible. No doubt they get a sick sense of enjoyment out of our pain. But maybe that is how the dragons are, maybe instead of living for fire they live for others suffering. 
“Are you still awake….” I whisper over to my mother. I hear her groan before she clears her throat. 
“There is no such thing as sleep in this place.” She says back, her voice hoarse from dehydration. 
“How is your pain?” I ask her, not really knowing what else to say. 
There are hundreds, if not thousands, of questions running through my head. Questions I have pondered for years, answers I had convinced myself that if I knew them, maybe I could be happier. But now when I have her here, I can’t think of a damn one. 
She chuckles before breaking into a coughing fit. My chest aches with every chest rattling expelling of dust she lets out and I press my head to the cement, holding back tears. After a moment, she clears her throat and I hear a heavy sigh. 
“Ten years and these are the questions you ask me?” 
“It seemed polite to have a little small talk first,” I joke, and she chuckles lightly. 
“Well, at least my brother was good enough to teach you manners.” She muses. I don’t have the heart to tell her he taught me a lot more than that but that it was quick learning at the end of his whip or the whim of her niece. 
“What do they want from you?” I ask, deciding to skirt around the familial problems she may not know we even have with her brother. 
The cell goes silent, then there is an exhale and the sound of shuffling. When she speaks again, her voice is closer, more hushed. 
“At first, they wanted to know where you were. I assumed you were alive and that your uncle had come for you as promised.” She explains. I furrow my brows in confusion. 
“Alpha Bentley didn’t come for me.” I say slowly, “I was left in the pack for him to find.” 
“No, you are mistaken. He promised me he would come for you. I couldn’t reach Caspian and-” She trails off, going silent again. 
“Melody…?” I whisper, and I hear a soft, quiet sob in the darkness. 
“I need a minute,” she murmurs, and I hear her shift away from me. 
There is a clatter as the door opens, echoing through the damp prison, lights flickering on as I cover my eyes, waiting for them to adjust to the sudden change. There is a shuffling and I can hear a sizzle to my right as I blink and look at my mother clutching the bars. 
“Do the video.” She whispers, her eyes darting toward the entrance of my cage with fear written all over her face. 
“What?” I hiss, ashamed she would back down so easily, though pain has been a constant for her for many years. 
“The sooner your mate knows you are missing, the sooner they will come for you.” She mutters. “I can handle torture, but you need to get out of here. This place will kill you, my sweetheart. I need you to promise me you will say what they want you to, but don’t you dare show an ounce of pain or fear? Otherwise, they will storm the mountain and it will be their death.” 
She recoils away as footsteps echo closer and the same dragon man from before stops in front of me, a permanent scowl on his face. He plays with the keys in his hands for a moment, his eyes trained on me in thought before he exhales and unlocks the door. As if to mock me, he holds it open and gives me a fake bow, showing I should exit the door. 
My heart skins a beat, my eyes sliding to my mother, who stands now, watching me closely, and shakes her head as she seems to read the thought in my mind. Panic rises as she touches the silver that burns her, but she never seems to react to. 
Everything in my body is telling me to run. I know I won’t get far. How can I when he is so close and we are apparently on a mountain? No doubt this guy has wings when he needs them. One more glance at him reveals a small smirk on his lips, and I realize that is exactly what he wants, He 
wants me to run. 
1/3 
+5 
Chapter 83 
Instead, I exit my cage, stepping to the side, allowing him to close it as I wait patiently for him to point me in the right direction. His disappointment is noticeable as the smirk falls from his face, replaced by a sneer, as he reaches out and shoves me. 
I jolt forward, stumbling for a few steps before catching myself on the silver bars, the metal sizzling as pain zips through my hand. I retract it, hissing as I hug it to my chest and glare up at his all too pleased face. 
“You enjoy hurting innocent people?” I grumble at him and he chuckles. 
“Innocent? No. But you aren’t innocent, are you hybrid?” He asks, tilting his head while I try to understand what the hell he is talking about. 
*Just existing makes me guilty of whatever bullshit you decide I did?” I scoff. 
He doesn’t respond, and I roll my eyes. “Of course the evil ones get to dictate who they kill and make up lies as to why.” 
“You aren’t supposed to exist.” He says flatly. 
I whip around, glaring up at him. 
“I didn’t create myself. A mate bond created me. To you dragons mates may mean nothing, but to us, to my kind, a mate is everything. It is a gift from our goddess and a refusal of that is the grave sin.” I hiss at him. 
He steps into me, forcing me to keep moving back as he glares down at me. 
“Why would a mangy dog and a fish be given the gift of a hybrid?” He goads me. “A species who only fights and one that only hides. You were created as a weapon to be used against us. Our only weakness is now walking the earth instead of remaining where you belong, in the sea.” 
I spin forward again, my mind whirling as I take in his words and digest them. Me being here isn’t just because of their desire to kill off the werewolves and lycans. Though clearly there is some tension between our species, but they are using me to lure out Caspian as well. Fire and water don’t mix, they can’t. 
So with the sirens restrained to their respective habitat and the dragons to theirs…everyone was safe. Until me, though, if what that last bitch said is true, then I’m not the first or only hybrid. So why do I get to be treated like a problem and not the other supposed hybrids? 
“Turn left,” He grunts and I follow his instructions. 
“Where are we going?” I ask curiously as the hallway grows warmer with every step, the air dry and suffocating until we break into a massive room. 
“The king wants a look at you,” he murmurs, sounding displeased by this command. 
as he continues to shove me along 
The vast ceiling is light up with fire, providing a flickering light along the lava rock floors. Sweat beads at my brow and drips down my back and I see the walls lined with warriors all standing at attention, ready to strike at a moment’s notice. 
There is a fountain in front of me, not of the water I desperately find myself in need of, but of bubbling magma in the center of the long walkway. He pushes me to the right, and I trip on a protruding rock, crashing to my knees. 
Heat burns through my jeans, as pain erupts over my knee cap and I cry out in pain. I place my hands down, trying to stand as fast as possible and my skin sears, the pads of my fingers and palm sticking to the rock as I tear them free with a gasp and hold them to my body. 
“Help the pitiful creature up,” a man sighs in boredom. “Clearly, she has no taste for our preferred level of heat.” 
“What is it you want from me?” I ask, my jaw clenching from the throbbing in my hands and knee. I am struck in the back and I groan. 
“He is the king. Address him as such.” He growls in my ear. 
“What do I want from you?” The Dragon King asks, sitting forward and out of the shadows. “That is a curious question to ask for a spy. I believe it is more appropriate to ask what it is you want from us.” 
I furrow my brows and scoff in disbelief. 
“Me? A spy?” I ask him, “Is that what Giselle told you?” 
“Why else would you be here?” He asks me curiously as he stands and moves toward me with slow and stiff movements. It is clear he is suffering some type of injury, his eyes filled with pain with every step he takes. 
“Do you honestly think I came here because I wanted to?” I scoff. 
“Spies go where they are ordered, not because they want to go somewhere.” He shrugs. 
“Your kind ambushed me and killed my gamma.” I growl, taking a limp toward him. “Giselle attacked first at the council meeting. Not the other way around.” 
2/3 
3/3 
Chapter 83 
“So that is why you are here then, revenge on my mate?” He asks, arching a brow. 
I realize now that the pain in his eyes is not from any physical ailment, but mental. The way he seems to beg for freedom while doing something he has no control over. He is under control of Lily and Giselle, and whoever else is in on their little shitty plan. 
“There is no talking to you.” I whisper to myself in shock. “You are as free as I am.” 
“Take her back.” He flicks his wrist at the man escorting me, who grumbles as he drags me out of the room. 
After a few moments, he stops walking and allows me to stand on my own, his eyes scanning the area before he steps close and looks down at me with a look of determination. 
“What did you see in his eyes that made you say that?” he asks. 
“He is a prisoner just as much as I am,” I scoff. “Can you not tell?” 
“I can, but no one else seems to…” he says, glancing around like he is paranoid that someone may be listening. “Well, Princess, I think we may be able to help each other…” 
1 narrow my eyes and click my tongue. “Oh, and what makes you think that?” 
“I can get you out of here, if you help me first,” he offers, and I bite my lip warily. 
“What do you need from me?” I ask, feeling hopeful for the first time in days. 
B 
###Chapter 84
Chapter 84 
He looks down the hallway once more, taking hold of my arm, just above my elbow, as he forces me along. After a moment, the air grows cooler and my chest feels like a heavy weight has been lifted off of it. I inhale sharply, my eyes closing, relishing the fresh cool air that fills my lungs. 
“What is she doing out of her cage?” someone asks and I snap my eyes open to see Jennifer standing in front of us, her hands on her hips, her eyes glowing like an ember in a waning campfire. 
“Move,” the guard with me grunts out, taking an imposing step toward her. She rolls her eyes and shifts her hips before she glances at me and back up at him, a curious arch to her brow. 
“No.” She insists. “Not a chance in hell. She shouldn’t be out of her cell, Tieran.” 
“The king wanted to see her and when he was done, he demanded I take her back to her cell. Unless you think you are higher ranking than him, I 
I suggest you step aside.” He bites out at her. She looks surprised, as her demeanor changes and she clears her throat, looking back down the way we came from. 
“He is awake?” She asks, sounding a little worried. 
“Of course he is.” He snorts. 
“And he is down here? Why the hell is the king hiding in the depths of the mountain when he should be up-” 
“The king goes and does as he pleases. He doesn’t owe you or anyone an explanation, so I suggest you stop questioning what he is doing and step aside.” He says, pushing me forward. 
“It’s just that Giselle said…” she trails off for a moment and clears her throat. Her demeanor changes completely as she smooths her outfit out with her hands and steps to the side. “Carry on,” 
Tieran frowns at her but ushers me along, looking over his shoulder before frowning as he turns me down a different hallway. He presses me into the wall, peeking around the corner for a second, and then he hums in thought. 
Its obvious something is amiss, but with not knowing either of them well and having no desire to know them any better than I currently do, I keep my mouth shut. 
“Does she not seem suspicious to you?” He asks, absentmindedly. 
“Uh, yes?” I give him a confused look, and he blinks down at me like he forgot it was even squished between him and the wall. Tieran takes a step back and clears his throat before looking around the new hallway. 
“I need to follow her.” He frowns, he looks at me and groans in frustration. “Shit.” 
“I can find my way back,” I offer, and he chuckles under his breath. 
“Yeah, and I’m a fucking fairy.” He teases as he walks me down the new hallway reluctantly. 
“Why don’t you tell her you don’t trust the king?” I ask quietly, and he snorts. “She already expressed she doesn’t trust Giselle.” 
I recall the last time I was being tortured, and she was told that she was wanted upstairs. She threw a fit, and it seemed like she didn’t like the chosen mate of the king. If anything, he should work with Jennifer, not me, to figure out what it wrong with his king. Though, admittedly, I already know what is wrong with his king. 
He is under the spell of Lily, and Giselle is using him how she pleases. That’s what she does. She manipulates everything and everyone to her whim. For what? Well, that is the question I am still trying to work out. Yes, they want me because I am a hybrid, but why do they keep me alive? 
“Simple.” He mutters, “I don’t trust Jennifer either.” 
I scoff, shocked by the lack of trust in the kingdom where everyone still fights for what they are told, even if they don’t agree with it. Who the hell fights blindly for something they don’t believe in? 
“Oh, and you think you can trust me?” I ask him, yanking my arm from his tight grip with a scowl. 
“I trust your desperation.” He frowns, reaching out to give me a nudge forward. I skirt away from him with a hiss and he smirks. 
“Why do you keep doing that? I’m walking!” I growl at him and he breaks into a full–blown smile. 
“To ensure you remember who is boss here.” He shrugs. “And it’s amusing to watch you huff and throw a fit.” 
I blink at him for a second confused, is he being friendly with me? Well, as friendly as a dragon can be? Because his smiles and shoving feel weirdly familial. 
1/2 
Chapter 84 
“How about we get to what you want from me so we can strike our deal and I can leave this literal hell hole.” I say, trying to calm myself so he doesn’t get the enjoyment of watching me get angrier. 
He looks around frantically, then trains his annoyed gaze on me. 
“Watch your volume,” he hisses at her as his name echoes down the stone walls. He freezes, his body going rigid as he looks around. He grabs me by the back of the neck, making me gasp out in pain. 
But he is too distracted rushing down the hall to care about what he is doing to me. We twist and turn down the halls; the air growing colder and damp until we finally break into the prison cell area again. 
“Someone is calling your name,” I whisper, and he nods in acknowledgement. 
“I am aware of that.” He grumbles, shoving me into my cell. I stumble, tripping over my feet as I grunt and land on the hard ground. I spin to scowl up at him just as Jennifer comes running in, out of breath, like she had been chasing us. 
Tieran turns and looks at her, arching a brow like he hadn’t been expecting her. 
“Are you looking for me?” He asks her and she grins. 
“It’s time to punish them,” she grins. “The king himself said I could take it as far as I need to in order to make this one do what we want.” 
Jennifer’s eyes land on me with an eerily giddy grin. 
“You think the other one can handle more? She is healing much slower these days.” He reminds her and she rolls her eyes. 
“You no longer outrank me prince Tieran, so how about instead of questioning me, you round the bitches up and bring them to the torture room, okay?” she pats him on the chest as I watch in awe. Prince Tieran? Yet he is stuck down here, escorting prisoners around like a lowly prison guard. 
Jennifer prances off like a kid, excited about getting their way as she goes to wait for Tieran to bring me and my mom back to her to do whatever the hell she wants to get me to cooperate. 
He turns and sighs, moving to unlock my mother’s cage first. As she walks past me with her head held high, she meets my gaze, reminding me of what she told me earlier. To just cooperate so that Merikh at least knows I am missing. 
When Tieran walks back for me after delivering my mom to the other room, I look around and then up at him. 
“Prince?” I whisper and he frowns, looking away. 
“That was a long time ago,” He sighs. “I questioned my father’s judgment, and now I am working my way back up to his side.” 
“And how does offering to help me get you there?” I ask, meandering. 
“I’m not sure yet…” He says in a hushed tone. 
Then he pushes me through the iron door and into the room that smells of blood and stale dirt. My body shivers involuntarily as I look at my mother strung up, preparing for the pain. 
“Ah, the lady of the hour. I have this special little chair for you.” She grins, pointing to a silver chair. “Come, have a seat…” 
2/2 
###Chapter 85
Chapter 85 
*Merikh* 
The air is warm and sticky, only adding to my already heightened irritation. I miss her; I miss her so damn much and I am angry every second of every damn day. What I want is my mate back at any costs and that is a dangerous thought to have. To give up my life to know she will be okay would be well worth it. 
But I want a life with her. One with adoration and singing her praises so she understands how amazing she truly is. I want to give her everything, including a new me, a better and more improved version. The version who is better at communication and listening. She deserves a mate who will just sit in awe of her and let her be exactly who she is. 
All I want is another chance even when I have had so many. But I’ve learned, I have grown and I am ready to alpha up and be everything she needs. Including a hero or a sacrifice to ensure she gets away from the assholes who have her. 
“Merikh,” Hayes hollers out my name, running toward me. Panic is written all over his face as he stops in front of me and my stomach drops. 
“What is wrong?” I ask, swallowing the lump in my throat. “Did something happen?” 
“Caspian received a box that was sent for you,” He says. 
I give him a confused stare. 
“And?” I ask. 
Hayes clears his throat and looks away before he exhales and shakes his head. 
“It is…it smells of her.” He mutters, unable to look at me. 
“It smells like Colette?” I ask, my heart skipping a beat. 
“Yes,” he mutters. “It smells like her blood.” 
He clears his throat, and it feels like the world shakes beneath my feet. My mouth falls open to say something articulate, alpha like, but instead a shocked, pained groan tumbles out. 
Then I break into a sprint, tearing through the garden, bounding over the pristine green bushes and breaking through the door. The second I hit the hallway to the kitchen, I freeze, picking up the faint scent of her blood. 
Bile rises in my throat, my lycan howling and hiding in the back of my mind, too heartbroken at the possibility of what this might mean. I clear my throat, running both hands through my hair as I suck in a deep breath, preparing myself for the worst. 
If it is confirmation she is dead, then I will stop at nothing to kill every fucking dragon and the last standing phoenix before allowing myself to meet her in the moonbeams. 
“Merikh…” Caspian says as I walk into the room, unable to remain calm as my hands shake, pointing to the small box on the table. 
“Is that it?” I ask him and he nods. 
My fingers tremble as I take the little box, a streak of blood on the outside, and tear open the top. As I pull the flaps open, her sweet scent flows out, bringing tears to my eyes when I see a ribbon tied around a chunk of her soft hair. I lift it out, holding it to my nose and inhaling as my eyes fall closed, relishing this little piece of her. 
Then I place it to the side and look at the phone in the box with a small envelope sitting next to it. I grab the white paper and pull out a small note card, staring at it. 
“What does it say?” Caspian asks, his voice shaking. 
*4362 here is a little surprise for you,” I read, placing it to the side as I pull out the phone and a lock screen pops up. 
“What does that mean?” Caspian asks, picking up the card written in his daughter’s blood. 
“It’s the passcode.” I mutter as I type it in and it opens to the video screen. 
Everything fades away, my heart the only sound I can hear as it raps away in my chest, my lungs squeezing like there is no air to be found. I wanted to see her, get my eyes on her, to at least see she is alive. But this is worse, so much worse than I imagined. 
“Alpha!” Hayes screams and I turn my head to look at him, blinking as I try to process the video screen I can’t bring myself to hit play on. 
“What is it?” Caspian asks, reaching for the phone. He takes it and I don’t fight him as he gulps and closes his eyes like he is fighting off tears. 
1/3 
“We need to watch it.” I mutter, walking toward the massive living room. 
“I can’t…” Caspian says and I look over at him, his face as white as a mountaintop mid winter. 
“Hayes, figure out how to have it on the screen.” I grumble, dropping into the couch preparing myself for the worst but also reminding myself I need to see this. I have to look for clues, find something to discover where she is. 
“You want to watch it on that thing?” Caspian sneers, pacing over to me and standing in the way. “What the hell is wrong with you?” 
“Everything.” I grumble, leaning forward, my elbows on my knees. “Everything is fucking wrong when she isn’t with me.” 
“Are you trying to punish yourself? Is that what this is?” He asks, confused, and I scoff. 
“No, I am watching it because if she has to live it, then I should have to as well. We need to know what they are doing to her. I need to see it so I can return the fucking favor to them.” I look up at him. “There could be clues about where she is,” Hayes also says, and I know I can always rely on him to know why I am doing things. 
“Shit,” Caspian mutters, then he walks over to the other side of the couch and plops down. “Let’s get this over with, then.” 
Hayes looks at me once he has the TV on and the phone screen sharing. The image of Colette is right before me. The little play button obstructed nothing but that barrier in my mind, screaming ‘I can’t do this‘. But I have to. 
“Hit play.” I tell him. 
Suddenly there she is, my perfect, beautiful little luna. Her face is sunken, her glow gone, but she is still as beautiful as she always is. It is clear they are starving her, giving her minimal liquids, probably because they are afraid of what she can do. 
“Say it,” a voice off screen says forcefully. Colette looks up at the person and rolls her eyes. Then she looks directly at the camera. 
“Fuck yourself.” She says, a small smirk on her chapped and bloody lips. A thrill of pride ripples through me, but it is short–lived. 
“Suit yourself.” The woman says as she steps forward and lifts a metal bar. 
I stand, growling at the screen as the woman swings it and slams it into her stomach, making the wind wheeze from my chest. I fall to my knees, my eyes watering and my body quivering with anger and no outlet. 
Colette cries out in pain, her head falling forward as she struggles to suck in a full breath. All I can hear is her labored breathing that sounds like a heavy wheeze, and my chest is torn wide open. I love how strong she has become mentally, but I need her to give in, to stop herself from being a smart ass when she is on the line. 
“Just say it, love,” I whisper, finding myself moving closer to the screen. “Just fucking say what they want.” 
Another scream breaks through the TV speakers and I look at Colette, who is silent and unmoving. She lifts her fiery gaze to someone off screen and she fights against her restraints. 
“Leave her alone!” She wails. “I will say it, okay? I will say it. Please, just don’t hurt Melody anymore.” 
The woman saunters back in, moving behind Colette and placing her hands on her shoulders, digging her nails into her skin as she bleeds through 
her shirt. 
“I warned you, every time you resist I will just torture your dear little mommy.” 
My eyes grow wide and I try to recall what Giselle had said before the meeting went up in flames. 
“What?” Caspian gasps, and I look over to find him next to me. “Melody is really alive? I thought they were lying. That they were trying to evoke an emotional response and catch me off guard.” 
“I’m sorry.” Colette whispers, tears on her cheek as she looks mournfully off the screen. “I will say it now. I promise.” 
“Then get it over with already, your highness.” The bitch says in 
annoyance. 
“Merikh.” Colette whispers, looking directly into my soul, pain in her eyes as she struggles to breathe still. “If you want me, come and get me. War is on the horizon, a barrage of fire and death is coming via the sky and you must choose. Me, or our kind-” 
A fist connects with her ear and her head snaps to the left, a whimper breaking from her lips. 
I growl again, my fists balled up and creaking as my bones ache from the pressure. This fucking bitch is going to 
slow and painful death. 
“His kind, not yours. You are not the same breed.” The woman hisses. 
“Me or all of lycan and werewolf kind.” Colette whispers. 
2/3 
The video cuts off, leaving us all in stunned silence. 
3/3 
10167 
色 
###Chapter 86
Chapter 86 
Her voice echoes through my mind, the way the hits hammered into her already sickly flesh sends a murderous shudder through my spine. The bile rises faster than I expect as I turn my head to the side and try to swallow it down, welcoming the burn. A tiny sacrifice for the pain she is suffering. 
My lycan, who should be roaring in anger, is instead withering in agony, angered by not only her distance from us but the choice that lays in our hands. Not that it is much of a choice. There is no choosing between Colette and our species. Because there is only one option and only will ever be one option for as long as I live. 
I have always been an alpha first, putting my pack, my kind above everything else, everyone else. But this time I am choosing her, not for me, but for them. Without her, they don’t have an alpha. They have a shell of a man playing a part I would no longer have a passion for. Colette is the soul of me. Without her, there is no werewolf or lycan kind. 
I stand and rush from the room, no longer willing to wait and play these stupid useless games. No longer do I care about their reasoning behind why they are doing this and what they truly want. Because for once, what everyone else wants doesn’t matter. It’s what I want that matters. And I want my damn mate. 
“Merikh,” I hear Hayes call out before his frantic footsteps echo in the silence behind me. “Merikh! Where are you going? We need to discuss this.” 
I spin on my heel, a sneer on my lips, as anger takes over my body. 
“There is nothing to discuss.” I grit out. He frowns and shakes his head. 
“That’s bullshit and you know it.” 
“I am going to retrieve Colette.” I say, enunciating every word just to make sure there is no misinterpreting my intentions. “No amount of discussion or trying to convince me to think of the pack will change my mind.” 
His brow knit together in confusion, and a hint of surprise flutters over his features before he scoffs. 
“Did you seriously think I was coming to talk you out of going for her?” He asks, offended by my tone, not that his offensive is any of my concern since I am the alpha. 
“What else would we possibly have to discuss, Hayes?” I ask. 
“Well, for starters, how it’s a blatant fucking trap that will end with you getting killed before you even have the fucking chance to see Colette again?” He growls out. 
He makes a solid point, so I pause, dragging my hands through my hair, feeling utterly helpless. 
“I just–I can’t stay here and do nothing, Hayes. Colette is out there, being tortured and I’m here, doing what exactly?” I ask him, trying and failing to keep my emotions in check. 
“We are trying to locate her and plan a way in to get her.” He reminds me and I roll my eyes. 
“We don’t need to locate her any longer. They told us where they are.” I say, even though I know what he means. 
They could be lying about where they are, and they most certainly are leading me in to a trap. I may be overwhelmed and desperate, but it doesn’t make me an idiot, it just makes me dangerous and predictable. What I need is to be dangerous and unpredictable to them. 
“Merikh,” He sighs and shakes his head. “Brother Colette needs you sane, not drunk of murderous rage and a spark of hope.” 
“What would you have me do?” I ask him, feeling defeated. 
“Leandra may know a better way,” he says, and I can see the conflict in his eyes, but there is also a hint of determination. 
“She needs to be a part of our community,” I remind him, and he nods. 
“If you would give me time to discuss things with her, we can make that happen. But what we need is time, not a lot, but enough to formulate something.” 
“Like what?” I scoff, and he glares at me. 
“Something better than running out the fucking door like an upset teen and rushing toward danger without any thought.” He says. 
I chuckle dryly, knowing he is right and hating every damn second of it. Colette needs me, but she needs me not just for a fight, but for my wit and cunning skills. I am not the Alpha of Death just for my ability to kill, but for my precision and execution of my moves. This is a game of chess now. 
They make a move, and I now must make mine. 
1/3 
lingers and when he sees us he turns the volume to max and hits play. 
A soft whisper of a voice, her voice. 
“Forget me,” she says. 
My skin tingles and my mouth goes dry at her words. Does she truly think I would ever be able to forget a force like her? She came into my life like a soft breeze and but the second she was in; she picked up speed and whipped up a hurricane in me. There is no forgetting someone who can do 
that. 
“Hayes, you need to go speak with Leandra and bring her out here.” I say, snapping into alpha mode. 
“Caspian, if you don’t mind, please go get Johannes,” I ask him. 
“Johannes is here and accounted for.” His voice says as he saunters in and leans against the wall. “You all look like you are ready to make a move.” 
“Something like that,” Hayes says as he walks out of the room to fetch Leandra. 
“What do you need from me, alpha?” Johannes asks, arching a brow. His usual cocky, annoying demeanor is replaced with one of respect, or rather more respect than normal. 
His nose scrunches up and he stands upright, spinning around as he sniffs the air, his vampire senses in full gear, as he rummages around until he finds the box. He lifts it, inspecting the blood and inhaling it with a shudder before he zeros in on me, a question in his eyes. 
“Colette’s,” I tell him and he frowns, placing the box down. 
“They offered a ransom then?” he asks. 
“Something to that effect.” I mutter, pointing 
10 
the television. “They sent a torture tape and forced her to tell me where she is.” 
He looks surprised, his head tilting to the side as he hums in thought. Then he walks over and takes a seat, propping his feet up on the couch in a comfortable position. 
“And you invited me to watch the show?” He asks, “If I were still human, I might ask for popcorn for the entertainment.” 
I growl at his shitty comment. 
“I was just trying to lighten the mood.” He grumbles and rolls his eyes. 
“I am going to use you to compel Leandra in order to tap into her mind and see if you can help her unlock the memories she has lost from when she was under Lily’s spell.” I say, crossing my arms over my chest. 
His eyebrows shoot up and he sits up immediately, leaning forward with his hands on his elbows before he barks out a dry laugh. Johannes paces away for a moment before spinning back around and nodding. 
“Fine. But it doesn’t come free,” he bites out. I smirk at him, knowing he really doesn’t understand how this oath works. 
“No?” I arch a cocky brow and he groans in annoyance. 
“Sorry, old habits die hard.” He shrugs. “But it will be very taxing on not only me, but her.” 
“This is our contingency plan. Hayes and her marking each other is the first plan, but I don’t like the idea of rushing their bond. I want them to decide, but I want you to be aware of this option before I spring it on you.” 
Job 
frowns and drags a hand down his face, shaking his head. 
“Merikh, for this work I need to drink from her too.” He says, his eyes meeting mine as Hayes and Leandra walk into the room, both of them looking upset with the other. 
? 
“I don’t care,” she says, rolling her shoulders back and puffing up her chest. “I will do it.” 
“The hell you will. I told you I would just accept you, Lea.” Hayes says in anger, his jaw clenching as he grabs her wrist. She yanks it out of his grip and steps away from him. 
“You are the one who didn’t want to do this earlier, but now there is another, easier way and suddenly now you will be my mate?” She snaps at him. 
“It was your idea in the first place, but now you have all these feelings about it,” Hayes groans. 
2/3 
Chapter 86 
“Let’s proceed with the vampire. I refuse to let my mate accept me because he is suddenly jealous.” She says, glaring at Hayes, who throws his hands 
up. 
“It has nothing to do with jealousy, you don’t understand-” Hayes tries to explain. 
“There is nothing to explain. This way is for the best. If you can’t handle it, you can leave.” She says, moving over to Johannes. Leandra yanks at her long sleeve and holds her wrist up for him. And he looks at me for permission. 
Hayes pleads with me in his eyes, but ultimately it is not my decision to make, but Leandra’s. 
“Leandra,” I say, needing her confirmation. She looks at me without an ounce of fear and a soft smile on her lips. 
Alpha, I will be fine.” She nods and I clear my throat. 
“Do it.”1 exhale. 
“Biting two mates from the same family.” Johannes mutters with a smirk directed at Hayes. “Not quite a record yet,” 
Hayes launches himself at him, his lycan coming out in full force as Leandra rolls and falls to the ground hard. Johannes slams into the wall, his head cracking against the drywall, splintering the plastering around it. 
“Hayes!” I roar, trying to control my beta, but he is locked in as his teeth gnash and try to tear at Johannes, who is hardly keeping him at bay. 
“Mine!” Hayes lycan roars before he yanks Johannes from the wall and throws him across the room. Then he bounds over to Leandra. 
“Hayes, no!” I yell out, but I am too late as he sinks his teeth into her neck, marking her as his own. 
3/3 
###Chapter 87
Chapter 87 
Hayes steps back, his lycan retreating, leaving him in the scraps of his shredded clothing, his back heaving up and down as he stares into Leandra’s 
eyes. 
She looks up at him, shock and fear all over her face as she clasps her hand over the mate mark on her neck. Johannes chuckles to himself as I stare at my beta in equal parts surprise and disappointment. 
“Well, I guess I won’t be needed after all,” Johannes says, sounding disappointed. 
“Why would you…” Leandra whispers, searching his silent face for an answer. 
He stumbles back a step and then turns his forlorn face to me, like he can’t believe what just took place. 
“Fuck,” I mutter, dragging my hand down my face. 
“I’m sorry,” He murmurs. “I don’t know what came over me.” 
“Yes you do,” I groan. “She is your fucking mate and your lycan thought you were going to lose her, so he took action without you.” 
“No,” he says, taking a tentative step toward Leandra. “No, it was a mutual decision. I panicked. I have never panicked before and I thought… I was worried I would lose you forever.” 
“It was a simple compelling trick.” I remind him but he doesn’t look at me, instead he stares at Leandra, who is pressed against the wall white as a 
sheet. 
“Can you forgive me?” He whispers to her, tilting his head. She skirts her eyes to me for a brief moment and then back at Hayes. 
“Why did you do it? You were the one that fought accepting me for so long? I didn’t think 
wanted me- you 
19 
“Him compelling you is an invasion of your mind and ability to control yourself. It feels like what lily did to you all over again but with a different species. I couldn’t let you do that again, not when you are just finding yourself again.” Hayes rushes out to explain, licking his lips to wet them. 
He makes a fair point, one I hadn’t openly thought about or expressed due to the nature of my desperation. But Hayes is right. I was asking her to step back into the very thing she had finally escaped. It wasn’t fair, even if it is used to save my Colette. 
“I agreed to it this time.” She says, and he shakes his head. 
“You agreed out of guilt.” 
“I want to help,” she retorts, and he sighs. 
“Then let me help you do it.” then he drops to his knees, inching closer as he takes her hand in his and his other on her waist. “Finish the bond, accept me fully.” 
She furrows her brows and then looks around the room and back down at Hayes. 
“This is sweet and all, but am I needed or can I go?” Johannes says with a fake yawn as he rolls his eyes. 
“Leave,” I tell him with a glare, and he grins before he saunters off. Caspian gives me a small nod as he follows suit and I step up to my brother and his half accepted mate. 
“Will this work?” she asks me, worried. “If I accept and mark him, will you be able to get what you need from me?” 
I see the pang of guilt and hurt in Hayes‘ face as he turns to look at me. 
“It is wrong of me to answer this in any way other than telling you that you accept a mate bond because you want it, not because someone needs it. I can not tell you what to do because when it comes to my mate, I am selfish and I will sacrifice your happiness for her life.” I admit. 
“Look at me, Lea,” Hayes says softly. “I have been a stubborn asshole and I am so sorry. And I shouldn’t have done what I did, but I see it all so clearly now, I want you safe. Even if we are at odds, your safety is more important.” 
“Do you think you could love me? Not right now, not yet, but one day…?” She whispers shyly, dropping her other hand from her neck. Hayes stands, moving his palm to her cheek as he cups her face. 
“Yes.” He whispers. 
She reaches out and grabs his face, turning his neck to the side, and I look away, letting them have their moment, but I don’t go far. As much as I want this to be their choice, I now have no option but to capitalize on it to help us save Colette. I keep my back to them for several minutes before I hear Hayes clear his throat. 
1/3 
Chapter 87 
“Are you finished?” I ask him, my back still turned. 
“For now.” He says and I spin to look at them. They are both shy about their new bond, looking like a new couple, as Leandra blushes but wears a determined look. 
“I would like to officially become a member, alpha.” She says, bowing her head respectfully. 
“Do you swear to protect your pack and our kind with your life?” I ask her and she nods. “As the mate of the Beta, his responsibilities, if he is not able or away, will fall to you to execute in his place. Are you capable?” 
“I am capable and willing.” She responds. 
“Then I accept you into our pack and as a subject under my protection.” I say, bowing my head in return. She gasps in shock, her eyes going wide before they flash, and she grins, placing her hand over her heart. 
“How do you feel?” Hayes asks her and she giggles. 
“I feel…accepted. Like I am finally home.” She whispers looking at him giddily. 
I clear my throat and she blinks at me before giving a curt nod and her demeanor changes. She braces herself, bending her knees as she waits for my alpha command. 
“It will be best if you try not to resist. The alpha command can feel strange at first, but if you are willing to share the information, it won’t feel like you are being forced into anything, as it’s your choice.” I tell her and she nods. 
“I have nothing to hide.” 
“Leandra, show me your lycan.” I command her. 
Her head snaps back and her arms fly out. Hayes takes a step to the side, watching closely as her bones crack and her skin changes. It looks like a first shift, one where she is in serious pain, her cry breaking through the large room as she falls to her knees. 
Her lycan reveals itself, looking right at me before bowing in acceptance of me as it’s Alpha. 
“I will ask you yes or no questions. Answer truthfully.” I instruct and she growls in acceptance. 
“Do you have any memory of when you were being controlled in your form?” I ask and her lycan nods yes. 
“Did you travel in lycan form often?” 
Another head nod yes. 
“Did you kill any other lycans or werewolves?” 
She drops her head in shame, looking directly at Hayes as she nods her head yes.. 
“It’s okay. You are not to blame for what you could not control.” I tell her gently before continuing. “Did you stay with all the others who were under Lily’s control?” 
Instead of shaking her head, she growls with a simple nod yes. 
“Was it the same place?” I ask and again, her lycan nods yes. 
I move closer, trying to think of how to ask where they were so I can gather an idea of if the others are at this mountain and a part of this ambush that will be waiting for me. 
“The mountain?” I ask, and I see the lycan processing before tilting her head to the side, confused. “Unblock the memories from your other half so she can see them.” 
The lycan blinks at me before bowing its head. After a few moments, it roars and turns back into Leandra, a panting, naked ball on the ground as 
she shakes. 
Hayes is on her in a second, wrapping her in a blanket and scooping her up in his arms. She sweats profusely as she reaches around him, pulling him close. 
up 
and 
wraps 
her arms 
“I see it all, feel all of it,” she whimpers. 
“The memories?” I ask, and she nods into Hayes‘ neck. 
“Everything, all of it. I know where they are, what they want to do with the pack they are controlling. All of it…” she whispers, tears swelling in her 
eyes. 
###Chapter 88
Chapter 88 
*Colette 
Every part of me is stiff as I sit in the dark, stuck in my chair for heaven knows how long. It feels like days, but with no sun to measure time, it could be hours or even weeks. All I do know is I hurt and I am utterly alone. After filming what they asked me to, they tortured mom for fun and made me watch. 
Every whip, every strike felt like it was to my own flesh as I sobbed and begged for them to stop. I would have happily taken those painfully hits for her, but they weren’t torturing her because she disobeyed. 
They were doing it to show me they have all the control, all the power, and it has only lit a fire in my chest. One of anger and hatred. A burning for revenge, not freedom. 
There is a sound of clinking and steps outside the darkroom I’ve been left in. But noises don’t mean anything here. It could be a guard passing by or even a new victim being dragged to their demise. The dungeon makes plenty of noise, and more often than not, it even screams. 
It’s not until light filters in over me that I realize I may not have been completely forgotten and I’m not sure which is worse. Being remembered in this hellhole, or being left for dead. I wince, turning away from the bright light as it burns my eyes. A shadow falls over me and hurried footsteps rush toward me. 
“It’s time to go upstairs,” Teiran whispers in my ear. I open my mouth to speak, but my voice gets caught in my throat. “Can you walk?” 
I nod my head yes as he helps me up, and then I promptly crumble to my feet, a pained whine escaping my parched lips. His large hands catch me by the elbow. 
“Woah,” He mutters, with a sigh. “Let me help you.” 
I slap him away weakly and he chuckles to himself. 
“Stubborn hybrid.” He mutters before he bends down and lifts me up. I try to squirm, but exhaustion overwhelms me and I give up. 
“Where are you taking me?” I croak, my throat searing in pain. 
“I was able to convince the king to treat you like a guest, rather than a prisoner.” He murmurs. 
“Can I leave?” I ask. It’s not like I don’t know what the answer will be, it will be ‘no‘, but a girl can try. 
He snorts a laugh and doesn’t respond, which only confirms exactly what I figured as he steps out of the room and down the hall. 
We pass cells, some empty and others with old and grungy looking prisoners who must have been here for ages. Teiran deftly moves toward a spiral staircase and takes two steps at a time. 
The stairs seem to go on for an eternity as I fall in and out of consciousness for small spurts of time. When we finally ascend to the top, he walks about a hundred feet before a massive iron clad door opens. I watch as we exit it, Teiran looking dwarfed by the massive frame. 
“Woah…” I mutter, unable to keep my awe to myself. 
“It is for when we are in dragon form.” He says simply. 
I notice as we exit it looks nothing like the area he had taken me before meeting the king. Instead of far too hot and dry, I can hear bird tweeting, feel a gentle breeze through the large hallway. As he turns, I notice a loud rumbling noise that grows clearer with every step and the air wetter and so nice. 
That’s when I feel it in my bones, the way the water moves with a furious rage. I know what is coming before we get closer and it stirs my wolf and feeds my soul. My eyes fall closed as I inhale the damp air and, ever so slightly, I begin to feel more alive again. 
“Don’t even think about using your water powers, hybrid.” Teiran says like he is bored. 
“I am too weak to use it now. Instead, I am just enjoying it, how it feels.” I murmur. He doesn’t respond as we grow closer and I open my eyes, watching in wonder as we walk behind the waterfall that hammers past us, singing its song of nature. 
I relish every damn second, my body shivering at the desire to be in the water, to just submerge myself and feel the way it would heal me if I was allowed to touch it. But just as quickly as I see it, it fades into the distance as I am carried away. 
“There will be rules to your stay,” He says. 
“And if I break the rules?” I ask. He snorts and shakes his head. 
“You will find yourself back in the dungeon at the whims of Jennifer, the torture junky.” 
1/3 
Chapter 88 
I press my lips together in thought, wondering what his relationship with her is and why he doesn’t try to work with her. It is very clear that they both dislike Giselle and know she is up to something, yet there is no trust between them. 
“You mean I find myself back with my mother?” I say, and he looks at me with a frown. 
“Your mother has been there for many years, and you being up here means she will be tortured less. They kicked up her torture to get a rise out of you. Your mother is safer with you up here.” 
I think about his words, hating that he is probably right. 
“What ensures I stay here?” I ask as he slows and places me down. I press my hand to the wall, steadying myself as he unlocks the door. 
“Aside from this lock and key?” He asks and I nod. 
“That I will not hesitate to kill your mom.” Jennifer’s voice echoes down the hall behind me. I turn to look at her and she gives me a fake smile. “I have been begging to kill the bitch for years, so I would love the chance to finally do it.” 
“You will die before she does.” I grit out and she throws her head back in laughter. 
“Sure.” She nods like she believes me, but her demeanor says otherwise. 
“Why are you here, Jennifer? I was told you were on a mission,” Teiran asks. 
“Oh, don’t you worry about me. I’m on my way out. I was just making sure our esteemed guest makes it to her room.” She shrugs. 
Teiran arches a brow before taking an intimidating step toward her. 
“Is there a reason you would think the king’s own son would you to verify he can do a simple room change?” He asks, and she pales, her lips twitching as she hisses and steps back. 
“Of course not.” She grumbles. “In truth, I was just passing by on my way out.” 
“Then, pass by already.” He growls, and she scowls at him before taking a few steps back and turning and scurrying away. Then he turns to me and pushes the door open. “Get in.” 
I ease myself into the room. The lights coming on and showing a beautiful room carved out of stone. Plants line the wall, moss and flowers planted in crevices of the rock. 
To my right there is a bed, covered in white linens and in the far corner, a small trickling fountain of water. I rush to it, cupping my hands and slurping as much as I can. 
It is heavenly cool and crisp, easing my pains as if a tonic to my aching body. I splash it on my face, my mouth falling open as it feels like it caresses my skin, and I stand upright, looking at Teiran, who watches me with curious eyes. 
“We need to talk.” He says, the door closing behind him. 
“Then talk, dragon prince.” I say, crossing my arms over my chest. 
“I want Giselle dead.” He says, quietly. “And I want my father freed from her hold she has over him.” 
“What do you expect me to do?” I ask with a frown. 
“I need your word,” he says. 
“My word? What good does my word do?” I scoff. 
“You are both the queen of the Lycans and werewolves and a princess of the sirens.” He scoffs. “You have more power than anyone born of one world.” 
“What makes you think they will listen to me?” 
I am not sure he understands how the hierarchy works. I am a Luna, not the alpha and I may be a princess to the sirens, but it is not a title I can claim as a half–breed. Hell, I’m not even entirely sure I can be underwater without drowning for more than a minute. 
“Your King, he is already on his way to us. With the help of someone who knows their way around here. And Caspian…well, he won’t give up on you, not now that he has finally got his daughter back.” 
I see his point, but it doesn’t mean his demand makes any sense to me. 
“What is it you want from me, exactly?” I ask, trying to understand. 
2/3 
Chapter 88 
His eyes grow dark and he licks his lips. 
“I want you to bring a war here and I want you to promise my father will live.” 
I shake my head, chuckling. “War is already coming. If Merikh is on his way-” 
“No, you don’t understand. We already know they are on their way and which way they will use to sneak in. I didn’t come by this information on my own. Giselle knows their plan. Where is it you think Jennifer is going?” 
Panic grows in my throat and I swallow roughly, trying to fucking understand what he wants and how to warn Merikh. 
“I will help you escape tonight.” He whispers. 
“But you said if I escape, Jennifer will kill my mother,” I scoff. “I just got her back. I won’t let her die.” 
He drags a hand over his face. 
“There is nothing I can do for your mother. Right now, you need to choose her or your mate. You have twenty–four hours to decide.” 
3/3 
###Chapter 89
Chapter 89 
0 
Teiran has left me no real choice. Save the mother I thought I lost or lose the mate I just found. There is only one answer, one fight choice, and it brings nothing but pain to my chest as I try to think of any way I can to find a way around it. 
There is a small knock on the door as it pushes open and a maid quickly shuffles in, bringing me a pile of clothing, all the while keeping her head down. She then turns the bed down as I watch her with curiosity. She is not a dragon, but a werewolf, small and perhaps an omega, but she doesn’t belong here. 
“What is your name?” I ask her and she ignores me as a malé walks in with a tray of food and places it on the bedstand. He stops and looks at me with a sneer on his scarred face before jutting his chin and sauntering out the door, slamming it behind him. 
“Yeesh, what did I do to him?” I mutter. 
“He doesn’t like werewolves.” The girl mutters, her eyes sliding my way for a mere second before darting back to what she is doing. 
“Yet he works with you, and you are a werewolf.” I remind her and she hesitates before she looks up fully, finally revealing a horribly burned section on the left side of her face. 
“We don’t choose our punishment, Luna. The king dulls it out himself.” She whispers, looking at the door. Fear oozes from her, her skittish nature, and the way she doesn’t seem able to remain looking at me for long makes it obvious she is not here willingly. 
“And is he a nice king?” I ask, taking a tentative step closer to her with a small shrug. She whines, looking at the door longingly, like she wishes to escape me. Which is ironic since I’m the one locked up here, not her. 
“I was asked to deliver your clothing and turn your bed down for the night. If there is nothing else I can assist you with, then I really should be off before…” she pauses, catching her bottom lip in her teeth like it’s a hostage and she whimpers. 
“Before what?” I ask. 
“Before they suspect something. The king will stop by to see you in a few hours.” She bows before she sprints out the door, locking it behind her with a click and the soft murmur of an ‘I’m sorry. 
I collect the pile of clothing and head to the bathroom, a soft smile breaking my frown to pieces when I see the waterfall faucet overhead. My body shivers in anticipation of the water we have so sorely missed. As I strip out of my dirty clothing and turn on the spray, I gasp in delight, plunging my face into it with a grin. 
For the first time in however the hell long I have been here, I feel hope creeping back in with every drop. I shiver as I spin and let it hammer on my aching muscles, forcing the pain away so I can enjoy this. 
The bar of soap waiting for me is fresh and void of scents, which disappoints me, but I have to remind myself I am not at an all–inclusive resort. I am in the belly of the enemy’s lair and they are giving me the illusion of freedom as they lock me in. 
I grab the soap and gingerly lather my bruised body, wincing as I hit my rib cage. I watch as the suds turn brown, the filth finally running clean as I move to my hair and scrub my scalp and latkes a series of three times before I feel clean enough. Then I stand in the stream of warm water, letting it fill my siren heart until it cuts off suddenly and I snap my eyes open. 
I look at the shower handle, still in the one position as I reach out and wiggle it back and forth, which does nothing. A frown sneaks over my lips as I sigh and step out, grabbing the towel folded on the counter, and I dry myself off before dressing quickly. When I step out of the bathroom, the towel in my hand still drying my hair, I freeze, noticing the heat in the air. 
It’s near suffocating as I feel myself sweat and move to the window, throwing it open only to find a set of bars in the way, forcing it back shut in my face. Every passing second feels like I may shrink into a puddle until I notice a glowing ember in the corner of the room. 
1/3 
Chapter 89 
“Hello, Colette.” I hear. My mouth runs dry as a light flickers on and I see Giselle in a silky white sheath gown, a soft orange glow flickering from beneath the fabric where her heart should be. 
“Giselle,” I murmur, forcing myself to make it to the edge of the bed before taking a seat before passing out from the dryness in the air. 
“Sorry about cutting your shower short. It’s on a timer. Can’t have you too healthy.” She winks like she isn’t being a petty bitch. 
“What can I do for the queen of the dragons?” I ask, folding over and coughing roughly as I choke on the air before I catch my breath. 
“Well, a little birdie told me there may be something going on with you and Prine Teiran.” She shrugs. “I thought I would come and check for myself, though you did shower alone it seeins-” 
“I have a mate. One I love and am faithful to,” I growl out and she waves me off. 
“You wolves and your mates. You know, mates mean nothing to dragons and vampires. I mean really, all you have to do is kill off the woman you wish to replace and ‘oops‘. Now there is an opening.” She saunters over toward me, unafraid to turni her back to an enemy, completely unbothered by anything and everything as she strolls by toward the window. 
“What do you want?” I ask her, growing tired from the excessive heat she is giving off. 
“What is it like to be a hybrid?” She asks wistfully, staring out the window. “How does it feel to be the only one of your…. kind….? Because I am curious if you feel as I do,” 
I scowl at her. “You aren’t a hybrid.” I remind her and she sighs heavily. 
“No, I am not. But I am the only one of my kind left. These beefy winded idiots are the closest I have to my kind and, therefore, my best bet at procreating.” She says, “Though I must admit, it is damn annoying that the king’s dragon has yet to accept me so we can make a child.” 
I chuckle, shaking my head. “Maybe it knows you would be a terrible mother.” I say, a sly grin on my lips. 
She looks at me over her shoulder before rolling her eyes. 
“How quaint. You think I care about your petty insults or being a mother?” She laughs, her flawless hair tumbling over her shoulders as her head tilts back. In the light, it looks like there are waves of heat radiating from her, almost like she is the hottest burning flame. 
“Let me rephrase my original question. What is it you want from me, Giselle?” I ask, trying to understand her, not what she says because I couldn’t care less, but the more I know about her species, the more I experience being around her the closer I am to knowing what to expect. 
She grins, turning to face me full on as she clasps her hands in front of her. 
“Finally, you are asking the right questions.” She sighs happily. “But I’m not willing to reveal why you are important yet. I need the others here as well. It’s all so annoyingly complicated.” 
“By others you mean Lily, don’t you?” I ask and she nods, her patience growing thin as the heat in the room grows more insufferable. For a moment I swear a see a flicker of blue flame in her hair. 
“Yes, she is one of them.” She shrugs, finally moving toward the door. The further away she gets, the easier it is to breathe, the air less painful as I inhale sharply like a needy fish in need of its water. 
That’s it?” I scoff as she reaches for the door. “You just wanted to come check in on me and give me a little insight into what you want?” 
Her eyes 
twinkle as she wears a sly smile. 
2/3 
11:35 Thu, 
Chapter 89 
+46% 
+5 
“I really am excited to see you aren’t entirely without brains. No, I came to let you know I am fully aware of your plan with Prince Teiran. And as cute as it is that he thinks he can get you out of here. He can not make the promise that Merikh will be safe. You must know that.” 
I blink at her, my heart pounding in my chest and my head feeling light, as if I may faint. Perhaps it’s the heat, but I get the feeling it is the fear for Merikh’s safety. 
“Merikh is a big boy and can protect himself. He is the Alpha of Death, after all.” I say, crossing my arms over my chest. 
“Mmm, yes. Go ahead and underestimate me again. It has gone over so well for you in the past, hasn’t it?” She says grinning before she leaves, taking with her the insane heat. 
I rush to the bathroom, turning on the sink and dipping my head under the faucet, before drinking a healthy amount and standing looking at myself in the mirror. 
If Giselle knows about Prince Teiran’s plan, then that means I can no longer rely on him to help me get out. I need to break out of here on my own. And I need to do it through the dungeons so I can take my mother with me as I go. 
3/3 
色 
SEND GIFT 
? 
COMMENT 
###Chapter 90
Chapter 90 
*Merikh? 
“Are you okay?” Hayes asks, coming up next to me as we walk through the jungle. After arriving moments ago via car, we were told by Leandra we needed to move by foot the rest of the way. Which would be quicker for a lycan out here in all this thick vegetation. But we brought along a lycan who can’t actually shift and a siren. 
“What kind of question is that?” I scoff, looking over at him with a scowl. 
“You have not asked Leandra questions about what she unlocked in her memories.” He reminds me and I look ahead, trying to wrestle with my thoughts. 
“Why would I ask? It is her experience to share with me, Hayes, not mine, to ask for. Her mind has not been her own in years, and I had to use the alpha’s order to make her unveil memories her lycan suppressed for a reason. In her own time, she will share.” I tell him. 
“What if what she has to share is something you need to save Colette?” He asks. I shrug, pushing aside a big bush and grunting as I force it to the side, leaving room for the two behind us to break through. 
“I can save Colette.” I remind him. “There is nothing that will stop me from getting her back. What I needed from Leandra was a little information and the map in her head. Everything else, her trauma, and her confusion, that’s hers to deal with on her own time.” 
“You sound too reasonable,” He chuckles before narrowing his eyes at me. “Please tell me you plan on making it out of this mountain rescue alive.” 
I sigh heavily, pinching the bridge of my nose. “I do not have a death wish. What I want is to save her and live a life with her. If that means I need to force everything out to do so, then so be it.” 
Hayes looks at me, blinking, before a huge grin breaks over his white teeth. 
“The Alpha of Death is coming out to play?” He asks, his excitement overtaking the importance of the mission. 
I frown at him, shaking my head. The Alpha of Death is a title I earned in my earlier years. The alpha with no remorse or mercy, as I needed to establish a name for myself. Battles are won much easier if people are afraid of you, and though I am a formidable fighter, the title is half the battle. 
Fear leads to mistakes and I have never had to worry about those little mistakes as I never truly had anything to fear. Until now. Because now I have everything to lose and no room for mistakes. Which only makes my chest feel tight, because the second you fear mistakes is when you give them life. 
“The Alpha of Death has never left me, brother.” I murmur, trying to remain calm and collected, which is not an easy feat as we traipse further into this fucking humid death trap leading to the heat of battle that I will hate just as much. 
He says nothing for a few moments before he lets out a heavy exhale. 
“I am sorry,” Hayes whispers. 
“For what?” I ask. He looks over his shoulder, and I turn back to see Leandra following along with Caspian. The siren king chatting animatedly with her as she nods and responds only as much as necessary. 
“I shouldn’t have marked her.” He whispers. “I fucked up and I don’t think there is any fixing it. She won’t talk to me, instead she just sobbed and asked me to hold her hand and even that felt like she didn’t want to be touched. It felt like it was more to comfort me rather than her.” 
I sigh, stepping into a small open area, listening to the tweeting of the birds and chittering of various animals warning others of our presence. Then I turn and look at him, making sure he can see how serious I am. 
“Hayes, take it from someone who perpetually fucks up with his mate. Ask for forgiveness from her, not me. If there is only one thing I learn from my time with Colette, it’s communication and trust can save you a shit time of time away from each other.” 
“What happened with Colette is not your fault, Merikh.” He says, a frown on his face. 
“That is not the point. The point is, go talk to Leandra. She has had no space to be herself, to have a voice or make her own choices. Listen to her voice, so she knows she still has one. I miss Colette’s every single fucking second of the day.” I say, as Caspian and Leandra finally catch up. 
“Are we taking a break already?” Leandra asks, looking between Hayes and I. She wrings her hands together before looking at Hayes, her cheeks burning red with a deep blush before she looks away. 
“No, but I am curious. Caspian, can you do something about this humidity? I feel like I am drowning in it.” I grumble and he chuckles. 
“I am a Siren king. I can do lots of things, but it all comes at a cost.” He shrugs. “This cost hardly seems worth it, though I must admit. I disagree. I feel it could be a touch more humid for my liking.” 
1/2 
Chapter 90 
“Great.” I mutter, wiping my brow before strutting off. I hear shuffling behind me and I expect Caspian to come up next to me to speak about Colette or a plan of some kind, so I beat him to it. “The plan is to get in and find her and get her out, that’s all.” 
“I’m not sure it will be that easy.” Leandra says softly. 
My muscles tense as I step over a snake slithering away with no cares to the people trampling through his habitat. 
“It never is.” I say, unsure of how to speak with her. Not that she is too broken to speak or understand basic conversation, but without knowing what happened to her, or a basic understanding of her in general, I’m afraid of offending her. 
“When it comes to fighting, can you command my lycan to shift?” She asks suddenly. 
My eyes grow wide, looking at her for a moment, mulling over her question. Leandra looks hopeful, a spark in her eye that makes it seem like she needs me to say yes. But it’s not that simple. I believe in free will, in my members making their own decisions, controlling their own destinies and lycans or wolves. 
“Well, in theory, yes.” I say, choosing my words carefully. “But it is not a practice I want to do.” 
“Why?” she asks, her brows furrowing. “What if I need to defend myself, but you and Hayes can’t get to me? Or what if Hayes is about to die and I need to help him, or maybe Caspian losing his ability to move because he gets dried out?” 
She is so serious; her face contorted in determination and her chin set, ready for an argument. I have to hand it to her. She is full of surprises. But this is not something I want to control, especially if we want her lycan to surface on its own. Sometimes danger is required for that fight–or–flight part of the lycan to kick in and transform on cue. 
“You need to live your life without someone controlling your motions, Leandra.” I say softly and she frowns. 
“It’s easier to live for someone else.” She whispers, so quietly I almost miss it. 
“Then live for your mate. Find a way to build a family in your new pack. Live for Leandra. That is the best way to live.” I assure her, and then I smirk. “And if you decide, Leandra, that you like to fight, then I welcome you to the battlefield with open arms.” 
She stops walking suddenly, her entire body going still as if the world is on pause and I watch her curiously. Caspian and Hayes rush over, both stopping and looking at me before she snaps her head to the right. 
“Someone is following us.” She breathes the words. Her fingers twitch as I bend my knees and ready myself for an attack. 
“Really?” Caspian asks, confused. 
“The jungle has gone silent.” I whisper, focusing on the trees to my right. 
Fatio 
I watch as nothing moves, not even a breeze tickling a leaf, until the bottom of a bush shudders and I look up, catching a glimpse of something red. Disappointment floods me and I frown, popping up from my defensive position and placing my hands in my pocket, sauntering over to the bush and peeking over it. 
“Percy.” I grit out. 
He looks up, not surprised to see me, and I realize he wanted to be found now. Percy one of my best spies. He knows how stands, his confidence showing as he puffs his chest and looks around at everyone. 
to 
no 
get caught. He 
“What are you doing here?” Hayes asks, confused. 
Percy is supposed to be home, resting, mourning the loss of his twin, our other gamma and great warrior, and yet he is here, standing in front of me like he is reporting for duty. 
“My job.” He says, brimming with confidence. “Penny died trying to protect Luna Letty. I need to be here for Pen to finish what she was trying t do.” 
“Not here for yourself?” I ask, arching a brow and he licks his lip, looking a little embarrassed before he clears his lips and meets my gaze. 
“And I am here for fucking vengeance.” 
to 
2/2 
SEND GIFT 
0 
COMMENT 
###Chapter 91
Chapter 91 
I look at the determination on Percy’s face says no matter my answer; he is going to find some loophole to stay. Though he doesn’t have to convince me of anything. It is clearly what he needs, what he has to do, and for now, it is greater than his loyalty to me. Grief is strange like that. Never once the same for each person. 
“Percy-” I say, pausing as he rolls his shoulders back before they slump forward. 
“I need this, more than the tears I have and will continue to cry. More than I need to bury her and that part of me.” His eyes are soft, his voice close to breaking. 
“Percy, I understand.” I tell him, nodding. “And we could use the extra body.” 
He exhales roughly and nods. The poor guy is barely holding himself together. I can see Hayes‘ disappointed look, but I choose to ignore it for now. He is wise in so many regards, except when it comes to his own situations. Hayes didn’t mourn the same way I did. When I look at Percy, I see me. 
I see the same beginning of the Alpha of Death, the determination to push aside the emotional pain and bury it beneath bodies. And having an extra fighter means better odds for Colette. I could have ordered more warriors to the fight, but once we get home, there will be a war and I need to save them for the moment we need them. 
“We need to keep moving,” I say, clearing my throat. 
Percy reaches down in the bush and extracts a bag full of things and pushes it up his back as he rushes to keep up with Hayes, who is walking on ahead. Leandra is the next to follow him, moving along with Percy as I pair up with Caspian. He walks at ease, but I can see the fatigue on his face and the way he shakes out his legs every now and then. 
“How are you holding up, Fishman?” I ask, smirking at him. 
He shakes his head, a soft chuckle breaking from his lips. 
“I will be fine. Though I believe I can cross hiking off the list of mainland things I enjoy,” he admits. “I think I prefer the food, and perhaps the couch and a nice movie.” 
“Makes you sound a little lazy,” I tease, and he nods. 
“There is not much to do where I am from and electronics and the sea….well, it doesn’t exactly cohabitate well.” He grins. 
“Yeah, we learned that up here, too.” 
“Merikh,” He says, his tone growing more serious as he looks ahead, watching Leandra talk with Percy while Hayes intermittently shoots the red head dagger eyes. 
“You are growing more worried.” I say for him and he sighs heavily. 
“My gut is telling me something is wrong.” Caspian says, “It’s not just me, is it? You feel like something is off too, right?” 
I drag a hand down my face, exhaling as I think about what he says. Caspian is right. I have noticed it since we hit the jungle, or more like my lycan did. He has been silent, almost as if reserving his strength, but every now and again my skin will prickle. I feel our presence is known, and it wasn’t because Percy was following us. 
“The air is changing, the jungle is growing more silent with every mile.” I concur, leaning closer to him. “When we encountered the giants in the woods near the mansion, it felt…strange. Like the air had an electric current. I thought it was just the excitement, the itch for a fight.” 
“But now you are thinking differently.” He whispers. 
“No, I don’t think differently. I know differently.” I admit. 
“Do you think we are being stalked?” He asks, his eyes searching before him. 
I turn my head, looking around, and realize it doesn’t feel like it. It is different. This feeling is unnatural. One that isn’t someone lurking but an ominous feeling of foreboding. 
“I am not all seeing Caspian.” I say, a shudder running up my spine. “But it is best if we remain closer with the rest, in case we are being followed or Lily is around working her magic.” 
We pick up our speed, coming up on Leandra and Percy, who are walking in silence, and Hayes, who is holding up his hands. I push past them, all coming up to him. 
“What do you see?” I ask him and he just stares in awe ahead of him. 
1/3 
11:32 AM 
Chapter 91 
I freeze when I see the way the jungle is scorched below us. The two of us on a ledge we never saw coming looking down at hundreds of burn spots through some, even still raging with flames leading to the base of the mountain. 
“Fucking hell,” I murmur, shocked. 
“Looks like hell, that’s for sure.” Hayes mutters. 
“Why is it like this?” I wonder curiously to myself. 
Dragons have always run a little hot, no pun intended. But they pride themselves on their love of their lands, nurturing it to grow and flourish. Supernatural beings need balance, something to offset us. Lycans and werewolves have our human side and our morals, Dragons, though part human are nature lovers, or they have been in the past. 
“There is chaos in their midst.” Caspian reminds us, stepping up to my side. “The phoenix feeds off of it. She craves it. The dragons are sensitive creatures. Under their scales, they have mighty and loyal hearts. This is the result of magic and mayhem. Their dragons are responding in kind.” 
I feel a pang of guilt, hating that I am learning more about them and their situation. If it were as simple as the dragons wanting a war, it would be easier to go to war with them. 
But if they are simply being used or out of their minds because of the bitch Giselle, well, that’s when guilt and remorse may try to offset my lycans‘ need to just savagely kill. 
“This changes nothing,” I say, making my decision. “Colette is in there.” 
“I agree.” Caspian admits. “I will feel no guilt in saving my daughter.” 
“We need to go, we need to run.” Leandra whimpers, reaching out and grabbing at Hayes, tugging on his shirt. 
“Leandra, calm down.” He says, taking her face between his hands. “Breathe,” 
She slaps his hands down, screaming in his face wildly. Leandra steps away sobbing and drops to the ground, covering her ears. 
“Run! Run, run, run.” She murmurs the words before she jumps up, her bones cracking and her face contorting in pain. 
“Lea…” Hayes says, shocked and unsure of what to do next. 
“What is happening?” I command her before her transition and her eyes train on me. 
“Attack.” She growls out, “Keep mate safe.” 
Then she turns and rushes off the ledge with a feral lycan cry. 
“LEA!” Hayes roars out in fear as we all gape, watching her latch onto a rock below us, her teeth sinking in before blood pours out and the rock turns into a man who cries out in pain. I focus on the rocks, watching as they move slowly, trying to avoid detection and my lycan rumbles begging for release. 
“Caspian, make it rain,” I cry out. “Now!” 
I let my lycan take over, watching Caspian as his eyes turn ocean blue and I see water rising from every source. Then I turn, sprinting toward the cliff’s edge, much like Leandra had Hayes and Percy on my heels. The rain patters on me as I soar through the air. The rain is heavy and fast, washing away the magic used to conceal those who are trying to attack. 
Seven figures are revealed and I use my claws, digging them into the rocky side to slow my descent before I catch a footing on a protruding rock and launch myself into a man with a stunning look on his face. I try to sink my teeth into his arm, but the flesh is tough and thick, making it difficult to attach myself until I sink my claw into his side. 
“Get off you fucking dog!” He roars, his voice distorted and a deep grunt. 
I sink my other claw into his other side, skewering him with my razor sharp nails as I tuck my legs up and drop all my weight down. My hands slide through the tension of his bones before hitting the soft, fleshy bit of his organs, and I slip through him with ease. 
His blood pours from his sides, his cry lost in the sounds of the splashing of water and his insides on the rough rocky edges. I retract my claws, dropping before him further down the side, using my nails to steer my downward descent toward the next asshole waiting for their death. 
I see a flash of red as Percy falls past me in human form, before his lycan takes control and he tears a body from the side of the cliff, using him to cushion his fall. As I make it down to him, more figures emerge, their eyes dark with anger and blood lust before a handful transform into wolves, and others, their scales taking over their soft fleshed areas. Not full dragons, but of that species. 
I look over and see Leandra tearing through the wolves like she is weeding in a field, slicing through them with fluid movements. Hayes is behind her, making sure her back end is covered and I lick my chomps, a shiver of excitement slipping through me. 
2/3 
11:32 AM D 
Chapter 91 
If lycans purred that is what mine would do at this moment, relishing the scent of blood and the way the bodies crumble at our feet. I am in my element, fighting for what I love, and they do not stand a chance. They insist on calling us dogs and trying to provoke us. Now they get to experience the bite. 
3/3 
###Chapter 92
Chapter 92 
Pain ripples up through my leg as I hiss and try to spin to see who the fuck is there, but I am caught in the face with a bone quivering force. I stumble back, shaking my head, my snout crinkling as I try to force the sting away. The fucker grins maliciously and tilts his head from side to side, his neck cracking as his eyes glow their telltale red. 
I was already aware that Lily was near. She had to be in order for Caspian’s water trick to work to wash away her illusion. But what makes me more nervous than fighting a dragon with extra strong hide in their human form is fighting them when they are being possessed by the wicked fae queen. 
“You are making this very fun, Alpha Merikh.” The warrior says his puppet master is using him to speak to me, though there is no responding in my current form. I growl in response, lunging forward and grabbing the warrior by the wrist, yanking him toward me. 
The same pain burns up my leg, but I push it aside as I lift his arm and roar out as I thrust my lycan claws up into his armpit. My fingers break through his flesh, the warmth of his blood feeling like fire as it drips down my arm before I tear them back out. 
He drops to his knees, holding his arm to his wound as blood pumps through his artery that I severed. The moment his face hits the ground, I hear a bark of laughter and I look to my right. 
“You can’t silence me,” a female warrior says. 
She turns her head to face me, her eyes void and brilliant red as Percy plunges his claws into her chest, screaming out in his emotional agony over his sister. The second the warrior’s eyes close, a new voice echoes behind me. 
“I have so many more.” Lily says through new means, a gleeful tone to her wicked words. “This is just a fun game for me. A little taste of the war coming to your pack, and those who go up against us.” 
I exhale, annoyed, as I slowly turn to stare down at a massive man stalking my way with blood on his face. His lips twitch up in a sly smile before he lifts a bloody arm and wipes his cheek. 
My stomach sinks, the muscles in my chest tightening with fury and a twinge of fear at the thought of whose blood he is wearing. My eyes skirt around to make sure those who came with me are still safe. Percy fights relentlessly, refusing to stop as I search for Hayes and Leandra, who are nowhere to be found. 
“Look at me when I am talking to you, dirty mutt.” The warrior snaps, stepping closer and invading my vision. 
My black eyes focus on him, narrowed and ready to fight to the death. There are many moves I can use on this fucker. All of which result in him dead at my feet and hopefully Lily out of fucking range. I crouch, readying myself to attack. 
“Die,” I growl, the one syllable word rumbling through me and my lycan as my lips curl back, showcasing my teeth. 
Before Lily has a second to speak through the warrior again, I am dropping my shoulder and head as I ram into his soft stomach. He lifts a few feet as I roar and hammer him into the hard ground. 
The earth rumbles beneath us and the same nagging pain in my leg flares up again as I step back, losing my footing and stumbling back with a groan and a wince. 
It is enough of a window for him to jump back up and crash into me with his leg, catching me in the side. Bones crack and the air whooshes from my snout, only pissing me off all the more. I slap my arm over his foot, holding it close to my side as I reach with my claw and bury it into his shin, just below his knee. 
He roars, smoke billowing from his mouth as he tilts his head back before focusing back on me. I try to drag my claws down through his bone, but find them lodged in his unnaturally thick skin. 
His free foot slides through the air, aimed directly at my chest to get me to release his other leg. In the knick of time, I yank my claws free and step back. 
“She cries like the little weak bitch she is,” He hisses at me. “Hardly have to touch her to make her scream in pain,” 
This fucking asshole is just trying to bait me. And unfortunately for him, it’s working. Rage makes my blood run cold and I snarl at him, done with this fucking shit already. 
I don’t know how the fuck he is a dragon yet won’t shift and I don’t know why his hide is thicker and stronger than others. All I fucking know is he insulted my little luna’s mental strength and her integrity. Which I happen to know is fucking impeccable. 
claws 
He reaches out for me, trying to catch me off guard, but I duck under his incoming arm, slipping around him to the back and burying my claws into the side of his neck where he seems to be less tough. 
His hands reach back, trying to grab onto me, but he fails. In desperation, he stumbles backward, slamming me into a rock as I groan in pain. twist my hand, his flesh tearing open into a gaping wound, his muscles stringy as they try to cling together. 
D 
Chapter 92 
He takes a step to the side, slamming me back once more as a rock pierces me in the back. I retreat my claws and he stumbles forward, covering his neck. I can feel blood dripping down my back but it doesn’t phase me, instead it spurs my fury more as I lunge for him. 
He tries to dodge me, but he fails as he falls to the side and I drop onto him, shredding his body as he cries out in pain. His squeal grows quiet and all that’s left to hear is the squelching of his flopping skin as a hand lands on my shoulder. I instantly spin, leaping onto the next assailant, ready to make his face match the asshole I just finished. 
“Merikh! That is enough!” Caspian yells, a flash of water tossing me from him as I roll to the side. “They are gone for now.” 
I look up at the clear sky, breathing in and out as I shift back into human form and force myself up, groaning as pain prickles every part of me. I look down at my leg, my stomach falling when I notice a large burn on my skin, deep enough to have burned through a chunk of muscle. 
“Alpha?” Percy calls out. 
“I’m good.” I reply as he rushes over and reaches out to help me up. 
“Hayes and Leandra?” I ask, worried, and he juts his head to the left. 
“They are good, but they are having a moment. I thought it might be good to let them have that.” Percy says in a hushed voice. I nod, agreeing with him as I limp over to Caspian as he stands. 
“Are you hurt?” I ask him, noticing how pale he looks. His lips press into a flat line as he tries to think of a way to lie to me. “Where?” 
“I am fine, Merikh.” He says. “Over–extended myself with water use, that is all,” 
I watch him closely before Hayes and Leandra rush over, hand in hand, a look of worry on Hayes‘ face. 
“What the hell happened to your leg?” He asks, eyes wide. 
“We were fighting dragons, Hayes.” I remind him, and he furrows his brows. 
“Dragons would have been transformed.” Percy reminds him. “Like enormous body, crazy neck and massive wings. They were just oddly thick skinned and massive for humans.” 
“No one can command a dragon, not even with magic.” Caspian says. “Not in battle, 
anyway.” 
“So because Lily was commanding them, they couldn’t call on their dragons to fully come out?” Hayes asks. 
“Yes, something like that,” Leandra whispers. “She preferred using us, our kind, because we are easier to control, less stubborn.” 
“We need to keep moving.” I say deciding none of this information is important enough to keep us in the open around a handful of dead bodies. 
“You are injured.” Hayes says, and I scoff. 
“So is my mate.” I growl, and he throws his hands up in a sign of submission. 
I limp along three steps before I freeze, my mouth falling open as the wind is knocked from me. Fear and panic whip through me like a hurricane, tearing at my resolve as my heart feels like it is being squeezed. 
Then I feel her, her emotions flooding my mind, flooding all of me before they settle and it’s just me and Colette in my mind. 
-Letty–I whisper her name through the reestablished mindlink and I feel her shock, a relieved laugh tumbling from my lips.” 
-Merikh–She responds, her voice breaking–You need to get out, they know you are here- 
-Good–I tell her, -Be ready, I came to bring you home- 
There is silence, then I feel the confliction in her. Worry settles in and for a moment, I think she might not want to come back with me. 
-Is Leandra with you?— 
-Yes- 
-Tell her to hide you at the broken temple until I reach out. I have help on the inside–She says,-And Merikh? I missed you the second I walked away- 
-Me too, love. Me too,— 
I turn to the four with me, a giddy grin on my face I can’t wipe off and all of them look at me, confused. 
“Colette is alive and safe. She is close enough for the mindlink to work.” 
2/3 
Chapter 92 
Oh, thank the heavens,” Caspian says, looking like he might fall over from relief. 
“She said to have you take us to the broken temple…” I tell Leandra, who looks a little shocked. “Can you take us?” 
“Yes, we will be safe there.” She says, nodding. “For now.” 
3/3 
SEND GIFT 
###Chapter 93
Chapter 93 
*Colette 
The door flings open, Prince Teiran giving me a quick glance before he steps aside and the king saunters in. I watch him with interest, gauging his gait and the way he seems to lumber, like his body is far too heavy for him now. 
He looks older in the light, his wrinkles deep and his hair unmanaged and unruly. Teiran watches his father for a moment with a small frown and a look of longing for better days. 
“Your highness,” I say clearly, bowing my head in respect. I have no idea if this is protocol or not, but in our world we show respect to alphas, so I suppose this will have to do. 
He chuckles, deep and sarcastic, as I look up and see him shaking his head. He doesn’t speak, instead he looks past me toward the window, crossing toward it and gazing outside. 
“Rumor has it you are not the spy I thought you were,” He says finally, his voice sounding strong and resolute. 
“I am not a spy, that is correct.” I respond, growing bold as I take a step in his direction. 
“You are instead far more dangerous than any spy or enemy.” He growls, whipping around, his eyes narrowed and yellow as he zeros in on me. I don’t back down as he moves closer, instead I roll my shoulders and remain where I am. What more can they do, torture me? They’ve already done it for days. 
“Dangerous to my enemies, but enemies are only made by actions.” I say, matching his intense gaze. “Do you really wish to become an enemy of mine?” 
atching chro 
“Darious,” I hear a worried voice break through the room and turn to see Giselle rushing through the door. “Darling, what are you doing in here with this filth?” 
“I wish to speak with her, my love.” He says his eyes grow soft as he reaches out for Giselle. She takes his hand and snuggles into his chest, looking up at him with the fakest smile. Her hand reaches out, cupping his cheek as he seems to melt into her touch, a heavy sigh leaving his chest in a rumble. 
eck your 
“Oh, you stubborn man, I told you to let me handle these things. You need your rest, come let me walk you back to our room. Let me tire you out in a better way than this,” she teases coyly, and he grins, leaning down and rubbing his nose to hers. 
I swear bile rises in my throat as I watch the exchange in awe and slide a glance over to Teiran, who is refusing to look his hand over his abdomen like he feels the same way. It is abundantly clear that Giselle has his balls in a vice grip, and the king follows along with her every command. 
“King Darious, we still have things to discuss…” I say with a small clearing of my throat. He seems to snap out of his little love bubble, shaking his head before he looks down at Giselle and takes a step back. 
“Head to the room, dear. Your king has something to attend to right now.” He tells her. Giselle fumbles for words as she frantically reaches for his hand, dragging it to her chest where her heart is. 
“I can not wait, not if you want an heir.” She whispers, her cheeks blushing, but I know it’s fake as she tosses a glare toward me, her lips twitching in 
annoyance. 
“I will be right behind you, Giselle.” He says, a smirk overtaking his lips. “In more than one way.” He flirts with her suggestively before spinning her around and slapping her behind with a feral grunt. 
I find I can no longer watch their exchange, as it makes me uncomfortable and only makes me more frustrated. I am still stuck here. It doesn’t matter that they are fake. 
I should be the one touching my mate and holding him. Little sexual innuendos and making people sick when they see us. Not his bitch who is trying to destroy everything she disagrees with for the sake of a good time. 
“Now, what is your name again? Cassandra?” He asks, turning to me as I look and catch Giselle scowling at Teiran, who holds a stoic face. 
“I am Colette, queen of the werewolves and lycans.” I remind him. 
“And part Fishman.” He clarifies, and I lick my teeth to keep from snapping at him. 
“Yes, I am a hybrid. I am both werewolf and siren.” I say matter fact. 
“And what skills do you plan to use to kill our kind?” he asks, arching a brow. 
I scoff and shake my head. 
1/2 
Chapter 93 
“I have no desire to kill anyone.” I say before biting my inner check and changing my mind. “Well, I have no desire to kill any dragons.” I amend my statement and he hums in thought. 
“Father, she only found out recently she is hybrid-“Teiran says before Darious growls and shoots him a glare. 
“I have no son.” he hisses at him, “You will do well to remember that before I have you executed for your trickery.” 
“Sorry, King Darious.” He says, dropping his head in shame. 
“I do not care when you discover what you are. What I care about is your existence being a threat.” He says, moving over to me. His harsh gaze inspects me from head to toe. “You don’t look like much. But then again, I have faced many foes who looked useless.” 
“I know you have.” I say, glaring at him. “You are in the grips of one now.” 
He freezes, confliction in his eyes as he furrows his brows. It is clear as day, the fighting in his mind for reality, what he knows and what his body is allowed to act on. 
Darious is obviously being controlled by whatever means they have to control him. I know my words make it through to him, but his hands wrap around my neck, lifting me from the ground. 
My throat constricts painfully as I gasp, my hand clasping over his calloused and heated skin. It’s when he brings his face closer that I can see the hint of red in his yellow iris, not like the wolves or the others controlled by lily, but in a soft ring outside his pupil and just a shadowing on the outside of the iris. They can’t achieve full control of him for some reason. 
“Watch what you say,” he grits out, his hand growing warmer with every second. 
I can feel my skin burning, the pain excruciating as I try to breathe, and tears dot my eyes. 
“King Darious.” Teiran says, stepping up next to him. “This is not the way. What if she has information we need?” 
He throws me into the wall, my head slamming into the picture above the bed as I drop and bounce. Glass rains down on me as I gasp and groan in pain, unable to touch my searing neck as I try to keep from crying. 
I hear running water and without a second thought, cold water encases my neck, wrapping around it like a gentle bandage as I sob out a cry of relief. When I look again, Darious is gone and Teiran is pulling the door closed behind him with a nod of his head, letting me know he is the one who turned the water on for me. 
He is only gone for a few moments before he enters again, pacing the room with his hands in his hair. I try to speak to him, but my throat is too sore as I try to clear it. Teiran looks at me before he moves over to the bed, reaching out as he helps pull me from the glass and guide me to the edge. 
“I need to get you out of here tonight. Giselle is letting him know too much. He wants you dead, the threat neutralized. Giselle wants you for other reasons, but his dragon is taking over here and he is certain you need to die tonight by fire.” 
“The others should be where you said they should go soon.” I croak, and he nods. 
“Good.” He says, “I guess it’s time to plan.” 
2/2 
色 
SEND GIFT 
COMMENT 
MOMENTS 
OX Ganhe 40% off na compra de 
Life 17 8 31/07 W 
a 
###Chapter 94
Chapter 94 *Merikh*
Caspian groans as he lowers himself against some rubble, his hand on his back and a wince on his face. It's clear he is injured, but the stubborn fool won't allow anyone to look at the injury. Not that any of us can heal him, but assessing it is probably better than hoping for the best.
"How bad is it?" I ask. He looks away and sighs heavily.
"It is not life threatening, I don't think. Just painful." He admits. "I didn't see him sneaking up on me."
"Yeah, well, it was chaotic, and they got me good, too." I give him a reassuring smile. “It was highly unlikely we would all make it out of here uninjured."
Caspian snorts and nods his head in agreement.
"If we are lucky, we will all make it out of here alive.” He amends my statement.
"I have no intention of losing anyone, Caspian." I tell him. "Not if I can help it."
"That is comforting." He smirks.
"How long do we have to stay here?" Percy asks, pacing as if he is looking for his next hit.
He has been on edge since he joined us, but this is a whole new level of it. Percy looks like he may take off on his own one moment or break down in tears the next. He is struggling hard, but I need him to focus. We all need to be one step ahead this time.
"Sit down, Percy" I insist. He physically frowns, his nose scrunching as he follows my command, but not terribly willingly.
"Are you sure she said to stay here and wait for her?" He asks, his knee popping up and down as he lifts his bloodied hands and behind to chew on his nails.
"Percy." I say sternly, commanding his attention as he seems to snap out of his mind and looks at me. "Are you questioning me?"
His eyes grow
wide and he swallows roughly as he shakes his head no.
"We will be fighting again soon enough, Perc. You just need to be patient." Hayes assures him and Percy drags his hands through his hair, his face looking away.
"Are you sure it was even Colette?" Hayes asks, sitting next to me. I frown at him and he gives me a pitiful look. "It's a fair question and you know it."
He has a point, and I hate that I never even took the time to consider it. Lily has gotten in Colette's head before using her memories to distort her dreams. Granted, that is a usual practice of dream walkers, but who is to say Lily hasn't twisted the magic she uses? What keeps her from doing what she wants when laws and order mean nothing to her now?
But when I recall the sound of her voice in my head, the way she felt like her. It was more than just someone in my head using her against me. It was the full bond, the way I could feel her, and I knew she could feel me. The way I still feel her now, even with this distance. It's a nagging in the back of my brain that screams, this is real.
"It is Colette, I am certain." I say, giving him an annoyed look.
"Unless it is Colette being controlled." Caspian offers, and I scoff.
"I am willing to bet my life that she is in control of her own mind and actions and that it is her." I tell them emphatically. "There is nothing I know better than Colette in this world."
"I say we send out one of us to go lurk around," Percy says. Hayes laughs and shakes his head and I look at Leandra, who seems distant sitting across from us, her knees tucked to her chest with her arms wrapped tightly around them.
"And I suppose you want to volunteer as tribute, huh?" Hayes asks Percy.
"I am the best option." He says matter of fact. Their quibble fades to the background as I reach out to Colette, just needing to hear her voice again. That reassurance she is safe, for real. My lycan stirs, whining as we wait for her response, even though we can feel that she is able to hear and process what I want from her.
-Soon-She says, her words echoing in my mind as my eyes fall closed and a smile flashes over my lips. My heart races at her voice, my stomach knotting as if I am a fool waiting outside the princesses tower for her to run away with him.
-Not soon enough-I tell her and she chuckles.
-Prince Teiran is getting things prepared for our escape. It won't be long, only a few hours.-- she says.
-Are you sure you trust him?-- I ask her and I feel her hesitation.
-Trust is a strong word. But I have faith his hatred for Giselle will win out against anything else. He will come through.-- She says and I frown.
I would prefer to be doing this with some trusted individual who wasn't a prince of the species holding my mate captive and torturing her. But I guess beggars can't be choosers.
-Did
you
find her?-- She asks, her voice soft, broken, and I know immediately she is referring to Penny.
-We did,-- I tell her,-Percy is, of course, taking it hard.--
"You are talking to her right now, aren't you?" Percy asks, leaning forward. "Does that mean it is time to go? I'm ready."
"It is not go time yet," I tell him, pressing my lips together.
-They came out of nowhere-She whispers, remembering it all.
-We can talk about this in person, so I can hold you while you mourn her-I breathe and I can hear her quiet hum of approval.-Any news of what you need from us next?-- -Merikh they know you are here. They knew it the second you hit their lands. What I need from you is a distraction-
I look at Percy, who seems incapable of sitting still. The over at Hayes, who is holding onto Leandra's hand even if she tries to take it away. It's obvious she enjoys clinging to him, but she clearly is uncomfortable with the affection. Then I glance at Caspian, who watches me with curious eyes.
-I think we can manage a distraction. How big?-- I ask her.
I can feel a tingle of amusement through the link.
-As big as your love for me?-- She asks, and I chuckle to myself.
-I hope you are prepared-
-I will be in touch soon-She says suddenly before I feel her just out of reach.
I press my head to the back of the crumbling rocks and exhale, dragging my hand over my face before looking down and checking out my leg. The burn is still as angry as it was before and I frown at it, confused why it hasn't healed yet.
"True dragon burns don't heal quickly." Leandra says softly. "We learned that quickly while being here."
"They used to hurt you?” Hayes asks, his rage unmistakable. She shakes her head.
"Yes, and no." She shrugs before her cheeks grow pink in embarrassment. "It's complicated. Most of the dragons aren't awful. They don't like us much, but they aren't all violent and 
mean."
"Which means some of them are."
"Hayes, now is not the time." I say, pushing myself up to stand. "Right now, we need to plan a distraction. Which means we need a plan.”
"What kind of distraction?" Percy asks, sitting forward, excited.
"The kind that brings all the heat our way." I say. "Though it was requested, we make it as big as we can get "Explosion?" Percy asks, fully invested in the destruction of anything pertaining to the people who killed Penny.
it.
"They are dragons, Percy. An explosion is common for them." I say, my brows knitting together in thought. "We need all of their attention on us." "With my injury, I can only muster a flood."
I think of the travels here, the way the jungle was so full of life and water, humidity, everything Caspian needed to be in his best shape. Then we entered this fiery pit and he can barely heal. Then it strikes me.
“Would it be easier if you could divert a river or water source this way?" I ask him and he tilts his head, his eyes closing as he seems to be in heavy concentration.
"Percy, you and I will march straight to the entrance of their little castle, and cause a little scene." I say, a plan forming in my mind, and Percy stands, rubbing his hands in excitement. "Hell yes. I am all for this."
"There is a body of water. I can divert this way." Caspian says, "Though it would be easier to do if I were in the water source."
“And what the hell do we do?” Hayes scoffs. “I refuse to stand aside and do nothing."
"Oh, I have a job for you, too." I grin at him and he arches a brow curiously.
"You are going to give Caspian a ride to the water, and Leandra will go with you." I say, trying not to laugh.
"Oh, fucking great. I'm a pony boy now," he grumbles.
"Once
you get him there, I want you to hustle your ass to me and Percy. We will have literal hell fire raining down on us." "And how do we get out?" Leandra asks.
"Good question." I say, avoiding giving her an answer I don't quite have yet. "Anyone else have any?"
###Chapter 95
Chapter 95
*Colette*
I exhale deeply, trying to calm my nerves as I wait for Teiran to come back. He was due back hours ago and yet; I remain locked in here the same as before. The only thing I can think of is there was a hiccup in getting my mom, or he got caught by Jennifer doing something and she turned him in. I can't bring myself to reach out to Merikh and let him know yet.
He would launch his own version of a rescue. Well, more like he would continue his rescue, which is already sabotaged. I pull my hands through my hair, slipping it into a high bun to keep my neck from itching. Teiran needs to hurry his ass up, otherwise shit is going to go sideways so fast.
The door handle niggles and then swings partially open before drops. I wait cautiously for Terlan to push into the room, inching closer as listen for anything out of sorts, but all I hear the sound of retreating footsteps and then nothing. My shaky hand waches out for the door, pulling it open with an ee creaking before I slip my head out.
There is not a soul in the corridor, not even the sound of anyone in the distance, and I know that this is my chance. Teiran had to have sent someone, or it’s a trap. Either way, I have to take the risk and hope for the best. My mother is relying on me, as are my mate and those with him. 
“Shit” I mutter, wiping my sweating palms on my jeans before tiptoe out of the room. 
My heart is pounding in my chest, making my lungs ache, but force the pain and emotions aside, I can do this, I just have to figure out how I can do it. This place is a dam maze and a fortress. The only way I can think to get back to my mom is to follow the stilling heat and dry air. 
The only issue is how I make it all the way down there before getting seen or caught. 
My back is pressed to the cool stones. As I peek around a corner when I see no one, I scurry across and speed my way down deeper. Then I feel it, the water calling to me. 
The pounding of it on the mountain rock and the way the water in the air fuels my strength. I need a way down and a way out. One where I won’t be seen or followed. I need to jump. 
I sprint down the hall, drawing closer to the water that hammers down like a beat on a drum, begging for me to come to it. It is like my soul knows where I need to be, what I need to do, and it listens. 
“Stop!” I hear someone calling out, but I don’t take the time to discover who, or rather what, is calling for me as I throw myself forward and the water dances over me with a thunderous power. 
The world beneath me falls away into the white rustling of water and rocks as I trust the water to guide me. It seems like I fall for forever, my heart in my throat and my muscles tensed in fear of what I may actually find at the bottom. I hit something hard; the wind knocking from my lungs with a grunt and suddenly my body burns under me and I’m ripped from the water on the back of a massive beast. 
Fear rips through me as I gasp and try to force myself to stand in search of a way off. The dragon growls deep in its chest, making the whole of its back shake as if an earthquake were shaking the earth. I stumble onto my knees, holding on tight as it turns and dives straight for the earth. 
I can feel that pull of the mate bond where Merikh tries to break through to me, no doubt feeling ny erratic emotions in spades. I keep him from breaking in knowing that right now I have nothing to say to him, no news that will keep him safe at the moment. So instead I go with the gut instinct to cling to the scales of the massive beast, holding on with every ounce of strength I have. 
I pinch my eyes closed as we speed down toward the ground, bracing for an impact that never comes. After a second I force one eye open and I gape at the way the earth consumes us, steam and waves of heat rolling toward us until its wings extend, catching the air with a whistling speed as we slow. It ducks down, sliding into the very area Terian had led me out of once before, explaining it was for a dragon’s entrance. 
I slip off the side, thiudding in the cement ground on my ass and wincing before I stand. The beast looks at me before shaking its head and suddenly a cloud of embers ignites and shrinks before me, revealing Terian, bloody and bruised. 
“Why the fuck did you jump off of the fucking cliff into the waterfall?” He hisses. 
“Where the hell else was I supposed to go?” I scoff at him, looking around to make sure no one is coming. 
“I was fucking calling for you as you ran away.” He grits out in anger, stepping closer to me. him, and he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a set of silver iffs. 
My eyes grow wide as I stare at 
“You were hours late,” I remind him. “I assumed shit went sideways, and I was improvising” 
“Just put those on,” He murmurs, his eyes scanning everywhere as he hands them to me and I glance at them. 
“Why?” I ask skeptically. 
“Because I need to use you to get in the dungeon to get your mother out.” He grits out through his teeth. “I get that trust is hard, but I am a dragon of my word. I will get you out of here.” 
I swipe the cuffs from him, hissing as it burns my skin, and I place them on. 
“Good enough?” I ask, showing him the slightly loose cuffs, and he nods. 
“Works for me. Let’s go.” 
He places his hand on my back, pushing me along. We make it to the first door and knock, waiting for someone to answer. They seem shocked to see him roughed up, but they don’t question him as he shoves me through the door. And down the massive dark hallway. 
A few guards pass us, bowing their heads to him in respect before turning to each other and clearly discussing his appearance. 
“Is that why you were so late?” I ask him, looking over my shoulder. 
His stoic eyes meet mine and then he looks forward, like he has no intention of sharing what happened with me. 
“Are your people ready?” He whispers after passing another guard, who stops and watches us suspiciously. “Yes,” I whisper back. 
“Good.” he seems relieved. “It’s time for them to make their move.” 
Merikh–I call through the mindlink, waiting for his response. 
Tell me you are ready and safe–He says, sounding relieved. 
I am safe, for now. It’s time–I tell him. 
Well, that is good, as we have already started. I couldn’t reach you, so I may have expedited the plan- 
I smirk to myself, shaking my head. Of course Merikh didn’t wait, I should have expected as much. I love him for his impulsiveness just as much as it frustrates me. 
-Be safe–I tell him and I can feel his confirmation before he blocks me to focus on what he is doing. 
Teiran takes me to the same cell area and my breathing hitches when I see Jennifer there, returning my mom from a torture session. She berates her as she whimpers and suddenly she delivers a hard kick to her chest and I feel my heart explode with a rage I can’t control. 
“Leave her alone!” I scream at her and she spins to see me, surprise on her face before it morphs into a vicious grin. 
“I guess the king didn’t find you as special as Giselle thought he would, huh?” She teases and I lick my teeth, trying to remember I am supposed to be captured. 
“He feels she is a threat, not that I disagree,” Teiran says, sounding bored and suddenly Jennifer breaks into a fit of laughter. 
“Oh, shit,” she cackles, slapping her hand on her thigh in giddy excitement. “Who fucked you up?” 
She steps closer, reaching out with her hands still soaked in my mother’s blood to touch his cheek. I watch as he shies away from her touch and she smirks. 
“It was your dear old dad, wasn’t it? That’s why you didn’t fight back. Your hands are clean, not abrasions. Man, you are lucky he didn’t kill you this time for your constant fucking up.” She sighs before she slides her hand down his bruised cheek and waves a cheeky goodbye. 
I watch him as he pretends to open the cage and check the coast is clear. Then he moves to the cage where my mother is and opens it, lifting her as she cries out in pain softly, her eyes swollen shut and her collarbone is bruised and bloody. My heart sinks as I tear the loose cuffs off and touch her hand, leaning forward. 
“It’s okay, mom, I’m getting you out of here. I promise.” I whisper, then I look at Teiran. “Now what?” I ask him.
He looks around, and then he presses his lips together. “Now we wait.” He says calmly. 
“For what?” I ask, growing irate and nervous. 
“The healer.” He says simply. “We need him too.” 
###Chapter 96
The heater has been at least nice each time and the cominent abjur knowing ine when I wax postinger has sinck in my head and let me with burning questions only he can answer. The onlgique I foresee now i Let's move. Ibiran says, when he notices I am not following along "You must stay close or I can not protect you."
1 scurry to keep up with his long steps and as we come close to the corner, I hear the distinct hobble of the man we have been waiting for. Teiran says nothing as he rushes forward, laying my mother down on "Hold her trouth open," He says, looking up at my dragon partner in crime who pinches my mother's checks and pries her bruised jaw open.
"Careful," I hiss at him, but both of them ignore me, the healer incorking the bottle as he pours it down my mom's throat. "What the hell is that? What are you doing to her?"
"How long?" Teiran asks him and the healer presses his lips together, his fingers touching her neck and feeling for a heartbeat. After a moment, she grows more pale, and he nods at us.
"It's time." Then he flings open his little metal doors and Teiran grabs me, dragging me forward as I try to sink my feet into the cement to stop him.
"Woah, woah, this wasn't part of the plan," I say, putting my hands up.
"It's too late for the original plan. This is called improvising." He says, giving me a serious look that says this is happening
whether I like it or not.
"Maybe you should tell me what we are improvising, you know, just for shits and giggles?" I ask as he frowns, his hand on the back of my head.
"The primary goal has not changed. I get you all out alive. This is where that trust comes into play." He reminds me and I
groan.
"Yeah, trust is hard to come by in a fucking dungeon, as I'm being shoved in a tiny metal cabinet on wheels." I mutter, forcing my body to bend in ways that are not even remotely comfortable. "Your mother will get us out of here the back way."
I narrow my eyes at him. "Used how, exactly?"
He blinks at me before he slams the metal doors shut with a loud echo, closing me in the darkness until my eyes adjust and a tiny sliver of light makes its way into my current tiny prison. It doesn't take long bef Teiran," I hear someone say in a greeting before a pause, “Well shit, what do we have here?"
"The wolf." Teiran says, an air of boredom in his voice.
Spander is going to be set that hes fatorite my is bioken" Itay in a low whistle by the whiny bokeh Ibiran says, "I need the deall La
hon is the clinking of
what womits like keys before the liver of light disappears and I find my heart racing in fear af ping cough. Then I hear a heavy sigh and shift on the table before the whole cart shakes and I have to press into the rolling out.
Well it's a good thing you are getting the body out while it's still limp. Dogs sinell as it is, but a dead dog after it bloats up?" The guard scolts, "That's a nasty smell."
Bde rising in my throat at the thought of my mom being dead, he was alive when Teiran picked her up and placed her on the can. And alive when the healer poured that substance down her throat. It is obvious "ATTACK" a voice booms through the hallways, carrying down each stony wall as if the voice were more than the mere echo it is. "All dragons to the main gate!" "Damn it." Teiran growls out at the guard, mimicking his surprised tone in a strange, strangled squawk. "You go. I will dispose of the body and be right there."
Yes, sir." The guard doesn't hesitate as his thunderous footsteps are heard retreating and suddenly, the cart is moving once more.
It's started, the distraction and I can only hope it works and that Merikh is safe at the same time. I know he will be in the midst
of the danger. That is the kind of man he is. He never runs from a physical fight. A verbal, emotional one, he will sprint a marathon away, but this? No, he will be the one out there striking down anyone who com until he runs out of energy.
I swallow roughly, closing my eyes to calm myself and my wolf. Merikh will be okay, I have to trust that, if I don't then I will find myself paralyzed and unable to think. Everyone will be okay, that I know. I know it as I know who I am
now.
It seems like we move for forever, every single push feeling like a step closer to eternity when all I want to do is break free and call everyone back. Teiran needs to hurry the fuck up or I will have
to jump out of this metal tin can and force him to take me out to where the fight is. What will I do? No idea. But I can't sit and do nothing when everyone is sacrificing so
much.
"Teiran," I whisper, rapping on the metal doors.
"Ah!" I hear Teiran say over my noise. "Are you on your way to the surface?"
"Yes, sir. You can leave the body for me to dump after everything is sorted." The warrior says. "Are you sure she is dead?"
"I am positive, and Trey just verified as well. Here is the death tag"
"Leave it there on the desk. You should head up as well..." the warrior says, his voice lilting in a somewhat accusatory tone.
"And leave the healer with her body to do with her what he pleases?" he scoffs.
"Fair point. The old blob does do strange things," he mutters. "I will toss her when I come back."
After a moment of silence, the doors fling open, and I am ripped out by the collar.
"Are you trying to get us all fucking killed?" he growls in my face, my feet dangling as I glare at him.
"Are you done being a macho dragon, now?" I sass him and his lips twitch in anger.
"The next step is you three going down the chute." He says, and I watch as the healer's face grows pale.
That is disrespectful of the dead, he argues, and Teiranshauge
join them sive or join them when you are dead. Either way, it is where you are going
And where are you poing?" I ask him and he pinches the bride of his
Am I your mates Heapat me, "No what I do is my fucking by Theld up my cl
Teren tosses me over a ledge, my heart hitting the back of my throat as my stomach withs, my Boxy Sailing of anything i can reach. Then I see the healer who looks like he jumps on his own, coming down afte I land with a grunt, my body feeling like it was
driven into the ground by a sledgehammer as the air whooshes from my lungs. The healer lands far too close for comfort as I stand, wheezing to catch my breath and look up, waiting for try mother's body to m out and cushion her fall. My legs and back scream in pain and I ga
The healer makes his way over to me, quickly uncorking another vial from a hidden spot in his shirt. He
pours it downs stry mother's throat and the second it is in her system she jolts up, making me drop her and stumble backward. She scrambles to her knees, heaving as the color returns to her face.
The second her eyes meet mine, I feel tears streaming my cheeks and I rush over to her, pulling her into a hug
"Mom!" I squeeze her tight as she whines.
Top hard, sweetheart," she croaks, and I pull back.
"Sorry, I'm sorry." I murmur, wiping my face.
"We need to go Luna," the healer says, looking around everywhere but under our feet.
The smell hits my nostrils now that the adrenaline is gone and I gag, my hand covering my mouth and nose as my eyes stupidly scan down. Bodies of varying levels of decay stare at me some fresh and others as I snap my attention up forcing the image from my head.
"Which way?" I ask him.
"Teiran said there is an entrance that way. For when the wolves who live here come to clear out the ash every month."
"They burn the bodies?" I ask, my heart aching for every loss, deserved or not. This is no way to be laid to rest. No honor. love or family should have to think of their dear ones burning in a mass grave before b
scatter.
They are dragons, dear. The healer reminds me. "What other way would you like them disposed of?"
"Do you feel that?" my mother asks, her eyes growing wide as she struggles over bodies to get moving "Something is coming
"Fire?" the healer questions, breaking into the best run he can. We shouldn't stay to find out."
I usher my mom after him, taking care to help her along the way. I don't know what the hell she was given, but she seemn like a whole new person. Only problem is I don't know how long she has until she is He makes it to the door first, throwing it open as we come up behind him, only for him to stop abruptly
clinging to the frame. There is no stopping him and my mother from falling through as I trip and push into them, sending them careening over the narrow pathway carved into the rock and down into a dark crevice. 
###Chapter 97
"No," I gasp, my heart in my throat as I stare dumbfounded at the black space that consumed my mom and the healer. I whimper and carefully move my way out the door and onto the thin pathway, closing the gateway to the hell behind me.
There are two ways down to them, over the ledge like they went or hoping following this path allows me to find an easier way. It's the raging fire the booms to my left, far in the distance but close enough that I know exactly who they are aiming for.
There is no time for safety and precautions. If I hope to get us all out of here, it's going to have to be a controlled descent. I look over the dark edge, my hands shaking as I exhale deeply and drop to my knees before kicking my legs out to my side and hanging them over the edge.
I give myself a moment, reaching out to feel for Merikh, needing the assurance he is okay and I feel him. It's a glimmer, but it is reassuring to know he is so close. My legs and arms twitch with fearful anticipation as I shake them out and inhale deeply, before placing my palms on the cool stone path and sliding myself down the side.
The rocks cut into my side, the nicks and slices burning as I hiss and try to slow my near vertical descent by using my hand, attempting to grab onto whatever I can. I gain speed, my heart pumping and my lungs burning as I pant and panic simultaneously. The air grows warmer, staler as it ceases to move and the light from the world above me wanes.
I close my eyes, trying to calm myself as the panic creeps up my throat and my body feels numb. I can feel my wolf stirring, pacing as she begs to be let out and in my state of fear, I let her. She takes over, my body rearranges and a new calm settles over me, my wolf's senses winning as my paws shove off the mountainside and I leap out, landing on solid ground.
My nose moves to the ground as I sniff, catching the scent of my mother and chasing it a few feet away. I nudge her with my nose, a whine coming from my chest as I lay down next to her, trying to wake her up. There is a sudden striking sound and I whip my head around to see a small light and the healer's face illuminates.
"Ah, there you are," He says, sounding relieved. "I was worried you had fallen further from us and were severely injured."
I whimper, resting my snout on my mother's arm as she lays looking unconscious, and he moves over toward us, groaning as he steps over her legs.
"She will be fine," He says, grunting as he drops, placing the small light to the side. I look at it curiously, confused by what exactly it is as I lean forward and sniff at it.
"Ah, little dragon trick. Anything can be burned," He chuckles and reaches out over my mother, pushing something under her nose that makes her startle awake.
"Colette," she says, worried until she looks right at me and her eyes fill with tears and she covers her mouth. "Are you hurt?"
I shake my head no and she touches my snout, sucking in her tears as she nods happily.
"We need to get moving," he says, looking up and then around, his lips pressed tightly together like he is worried.
"What's wrong?" My mom asks, and he stands, helping her up gently.
"Finding a way up won't be easy or fast," He frowns. "It may be best to send you on ahead."
I growl at the thought rising and moving to my mother's side, nuzzling in under her loose, hanging hand. She sighs heavily and shakes her head before she crouches next to me, wrapping her arms around my soft, furred neck.
"He is right. What is most important is you-" she says, but I interrupt her with an agitated yip, and bare my teeth at her. She frowns and shakes her head. "My sweet little Cole. I have missed so much time being your mom and I know I don't deserve this, but I am begging you to go. You could come back with help, or wait for us somewhere else."
She says it like it's a possibility that they will make it out of here, an old hobbling half working dragon healer and a werewolf alpha female who was tortured for ten years. Even I know it's a pipe dream, but then again, I have also learned that even the most off the wall dreams can come true.
Hell, look at me, from orphaned maid to full-blown Luna, queen of our kind and finding out both parents are still alive. If that isn't a fairytale come true, I don't know what is.
I stare at her and look over at the healer, torn between the options. But they are right, time is not a luxury we have right now.
Merikh will only last so long against a horde of dragons, Alpha of death or not dragons don't go down easy. And there is not a single doubt in my mind Merikh would fight to his last breath to ensure my freedom It comes down to risking Merikh or risking my mom and my heart is in agony over my choice.
I drop my head, taking three steps back before I turn and take off. With a newfound determination, I sprint through the rocks, then I try to leap up the steep hill I slide down before. I make it a few feet before slipping, my paws gliding out from under me as I grunt and hit the rock, sliding down on my side.
Shit. I need a way up, but with no light, it's nearly impossible to see where the hell I might be able to move up. Until I see a glinting in the darkness, a spot catching the faintest hint of light, and I gallop toward it stopping to sniff and find it has no real scent.
My tongue flicks out warily, and I realize its water. Not enough to make a puddle, but enough to make the rocks wet. My eyes slid shut and I pray I can use my siren's ability to guide myself out, only to find the attempt futile.
When I open my eyes, my vision is clearer, almost like I can sense the water as it moves up the rocks, like finding the source of a waterfall. I trace the drops, listening as it drips over smaller rocks and ledges and trust my instincts to get me where I am going. I take a leap of faith, jumping up only to freeze as the rock creaks and smaller stones tumble beneath me.
After taking a sharp inhale and steadying my frightened muscles, I leap to the left, my hind liege slipping as I whine, my underbelly slamming into the slate like rock that cuts into my stomach. Warmth drips down my belly and I struggle to get my leg up, my tongue hanging out as I pant with the effort.
The water seems to grow more
steady the higher I crawl. From an inconsistent drip to a small trickle down over the ledge as I grow closer to the light, the sun is just a few more steps above me when I hear rushing. I furrow my wolfs brows in concentration trying to listen, the sound of running water
overwhelmingly loud as I cover my face and ears to stop the pain from the roaring. 
Then it hits me, a wall of wet hammers into my body before it comes fast enough it behind to overshoot my body, dropping into. the cannon like a faucet has been turned on high in a tub. I panic, looking for a way up before looking back where I ran from, watching the dim light where my mom and the healer are, hopefully, making headway before the light goes out.
The soft scream of shock and yelling echoes over the sound of the water and my ear ticks back, trying to listen better before I bound off the ledge, into the flowing water letting it take hold of my body as it wipes me from the air and pulls me into it's wet embrace. Instead of it being a ravaging wave, it feels oddly calm and settling.
I plunge into the growing pool at the bottom of the ridge, my body tumbling with the waves and current as I rush back the way I just came. Everything tingles, my paws, my fur, and especially my soul.
Water has always felt safe, like home, but nothing has felt as wonderful as this. To be in my wolfs form, in the water, it feels like I am being embraced in a warm welcoming hug and I don't ever want to leave it. "Hold on to me, Calvin," I hear my mom screaming as the healer grunts with effort.
"The current is too strong. You need to let go, Melody."
"No." She cries. "You saved my daughter. That's what got you into this mess. I refuse to let you go, not now."
My body tingles with renewed purpose as I duck into the water, swimming toward them in my wolf form. With every kick, I feel the water wrap around me, making way for me to move faster, the current working with me rather than against.
I pop up to search for them and see I
over shot them by mere feet,
spinning toward them, again the current dying around me as I move toward them with ease. My mom's eyes light up when she sees me fear turning to confusion as she tilts her head and the healer lets go He doesn't move, instead he floats in place, looking around with awe and
shock before he sees me and he
stares. 
My body shakes and I close my eyes, feeling the water, calling it to my command like I have in the past, only this time I realize how much I am asking of it, willing to give back to it every speck of energy it gives
me.
It responds, my eyes snapping open and my human body back in place as the water rises, bringing with it the three of us as we grow taller, moving closer to the top.
"Colette," my mother whispers, but I can't break the concentration as my body is leaching of energy. Every fiber in my body quivers with exhaustion, my wolf standing tall in my mind, giving me everything she has to help keep me conscious as I drain my source.
We shoot from the crevice, my body going limp as we splash along the ground on the other side, my body slamming hard into the rock as the water retreats down, leaving us soaked and heaving for air. "That was " My mother says, stopping to think of a word.
"Exhausting?" I offer, coughing and unable to push myself up as my arms and legs crumble under me after the first attempt.
"Phenomenal." The healer says instead.
"How did you do that?" My mom whispers, crawling over to me as she tries to tug me into her arms. My eyes droop, the immense amount of effort to do what I just did weighs too heavy as I fight sleep. "I just...did." I whisper, my eyes closing.
"Colette, your wolf was made of water," she tells me, but I am too tired to confirm or deny what she claims. Instead, I shrug.
"Cool," I murmur.
"Luna!" I hear someone scream and I peek through my heavy lids to see what looks like Merikh rushing toward me. I find the energy to smile, reaching out for him, happily. He is safe, and we are saved. "Who are you?" My mother demands, standing abruptly to protect me.
"Calm down, my name is Hayes. I am her beta and she is mated to my brother, the alpha."
"Mel..." I hear another familiar voice whisper in disbelief before a soft sob breaks out.
"Caspian?" I hear my mother say before I can no longer hang on and I let the comfort of sleep take hold of me.
###Chapter 98
*Merikh*
A burst of flame shoots over my head as I drop to my stomach, the heat enough to make my skin feel as if I am standing too close to a bonfire. I roll to my left and up onto my knees, crouching low toward the massive jaded rock where Percy is hiding. Blood pours from above his right eye, but he wears a smile, nonetheless.
Not an excited smile, a manic psychotic one that says he hopes to go out in a literal blaze of glory. His fighting has been stellar aside from the few times he has left himself open to an attack of two I have had to blunder. The more I look at him, the more concerned I am that the openings are intentional.
"You are not allowed to let yourself get killed." I growl at him, watching as he responds to my command. There is a hint of annoyance in his eyes before he chuckles and nods.
"If I die, I will die doing my job." he grins, inching up the rock to take a peek over.
"We are pinned down." I murmur. "The assholes burned us into a fucking corner."
"I can distract them so you can run." Percy says immediately, and I shoot him a scowl. This kid's death wish is getting a little out of hand.
"Pinned down doesn't mean we are out of the fight, Perc. This isn't a game of chess, this is war." I say, scanning the area. "It just means we need to get a little creative."
He snorts, reaching up and pressing on the injury to his head.
"I'm not feeling all that creative, Alpha." He says.
Another blast encases the outside of the rock, flames licking around the side as we move closer together to avoid the heat. I sigh, closing my eyes as I try to process what to do next. In truth, I'm not feeling all that damn creative either. But I am feeling like I will do anything to get away.
"How about desperate?" I ask him with a smile, "You feeling that?" and he nods.
"Yea, feeling a lot desperate at the moment." Percy mutters, dropping his head against the rock. "This heat is making me fucking sweaty and irritable."
I couldn't agree more with him. As lycans, we run a little warmer anyway without faster metabolism. But this? This shit is unbearable and all I can think about is a tall glass of ice cold water and a cool dip in the healing waters with my luna. But if I want either of those things, we need to get a damn move on. And fast.
"How much time do we have between the bursts of flames?" I ask him.
We noticed before they need time to recover before they rain their fire down on us for extended periods of time. The only thing we have going for us is that they want to cook us on this blasted boulder so they are combining their forces to blow flames at the same time.
"Maybe a minute, tops." He mutters, "Have you not heard from Luna Letty yet? Is she out?"
I shake my head, licking my parched lips in frustration. It has been a solid fucking forty-five minutes of fighting. We lost our lycans over ten minutes ago from the exhaustion and the way we are dehydrated like a bunch of grapes in the desert sun.
"She isn't reaching out or responding." I mutter, my stomach in knots at the thought that maybe she didn't make it out, or she was knocked unconscious and hidden deeper in their fortress of ash and death. "We can't leave her." Percy says, a look of determination on his brow.
"Not a thing in the world that could make me leave her here in this living hell, Perc. But we may need to escape and regroup. We aren't any good to her if we are dead."
Just then, the fire ceases and I make the split decision to grab his arm and run. I bolt up, yanking on Percy as I drag him along, tripping over the hot terrain in our bare feet. I can feel the way the hot rocks dip into my skin with ease, like butter on a hot skillet and it spurs faster movement.
"Move your ass, Percy." I command and he groans, kicking up his speed to match mine.
"I will never want to be in heat ever again," he scoffs. "No more beach vacation, I'm going to the swiss alps to ski every year now."
As we run, I can hear the hiss of the air, the dragons preparing themselves to set us on fire like a match struck on a rock and I glance back to see them lumbering behind us. I can only be thankful none of the assholes we have encountered today have been able to fly.
"Percy, I demand you shift and run as fast and as far as you can." I say in my alpha command voice. He lycan takes over at once, looking labored and exhausted as he tries to fight my command to run. "Now!" I roar.
He hisses angrily before taking off at an incredible pace as I force my lycan out, begging him for everything he has. He takes over, reluctantly, as I see someone off in distance now more than a few miles across the barren charred rumble we are racing over.
I focus on them, recognizing Caspian as he lifts a hand, then I see her frame. It has to be here. My lycan pushes himself harder once we focus on her. She stumbles to the ground and I see two figures rush to her and try to lift her as she shoves them off.
"RUN!" I hear her voice through the dry air, a shiver running down my spine at the desperation of her plea.
Percy falls to the ground in front of me, his human form taking over as he grunts and remains unmoving. I stoop to pick him up, looking over my shoulder, begging the moon goddess for just a little more time. But there is no stopping what is already predetermined sometimes as the flames come hurling my way.
I fall on top of Percy, shielding his
body as the hairs on my lycan back. burn in the heat and my skin feels like it may melt. I cry out in pain, roar unlike any I have ever let out as
e heat suddenly stops. Thet
screaming continues and I look around, realizing the cry isn't mine, but someone in the distance.
Cool water splashes over me as I gasp in relief and close my eyes, relishing the way it feels on my heated flesh. Tears may mix into the wetness pouring down as I try to catch what I can with my open mouth.
Two figures sprint toward us, and I push off of Percy, standing to look around. The dragons rush forward, their flames drenched and unable to ignite again. I sprint through the wall of water, grabbing a slim, sharp rock. The dragon nearest me rears its head up before baring his teeth at me as he tries to catch my head. 
I slide beneath him, the searing rocks tearing the skin from my shins as I jam the rock up and under one, of his scales. It squelches, and he roars, shifting back into human form, holding the rock under his arm as blood pours down. He sneers at me, taking three steps away, the other dragons stopping and waiting for command. 
Then, as if they hadn't been trying to kill us, they turn, shift and spin on their heels, running away. I watch as the one with the rock embedded in his arm goes slack, his eyes red as he drops his hand and spins like the others, sprinting back as if he had been beckoned by their puppet master.
"Merikh!" I hear Hayes screaming as he rushes toward me. Leandra is heading toward Percy, and I look up to see someone on the ground and everyone else surrounding them. I hustle toward him, meeting him halfway while never removing my eyes from the figure on the ground.
"Is that..." I choke on the words.
"Yes."
"And she is okay?" I ask, looking at him as he grows pale.
"She will be," he says, handing me a pair of shorts and shoes. I slip both on, gritting my teeth at the pain.
"Percy is drained." I tell him. "He will need to be carried."
"And what about you?" He asks me seriously. I shake my head.
"No, I don't need carrying." I smirk. "I will carry Colette."
It takes longer than I would like to make it to where they are surrounding Colette, who lays looking like a dirt smeared angel. I kneel, not paying attention to the way my body screams at every action, and I press my lips to her forehead and stroke her cheek.
"Oh, my little Luna." I murmur, taking in her injured and malnourished body. "What did they do to you?"
"We need to get moving if we want to get to our pack quickly," Hayes says, and I shake my head, looking up at Caspian, who wears a worried look on his face.
"We aren't going back to the pack." I say softly, brushing her sweaty hair from her brow.
"Alpha, is that wise? The mansion is likely not the safest place." Hayes says.
"She heals faster in water." I remind him, "And she will probably heal faster in the ocean where her siren half will thrive, so that is where we will go. You will take Percy and Leandra to the pack. I will go with Caspian and Colette."
"War is coming-"
"War is already fucking here, Hayes." I yell at him. "Look the fuck around. They stole the fucking Lycan Queen!"
He looks away, clenching his jaw in frustration as I sigh.
"Hayes, I need you to take the pack to our secondary location. We will meet you there in a week. If Colette is not healthy enough by then, well then I will come alone."
###Chapter 99
"Are you alright?" Caspian asks gently, lumbering along exhausted. "Do you need me to take her?" My muscles tense at the thought of her leaving my arms to I clench my jaw and hold her closer.
"I am fine." I tell him, ignoring the way my body screams for a break, my muscles are sore and tight, my skin stinging with every missed step or root that feels like it's trying to drag me down. "You should let Calvin look at your wounds," Melody says in a motherly voice. I slide my eyes to the dragon healer, who pants as he tries to keep up.
"I said I am fine." I say again, my voice laced with pain as I try to focus on the task before me.
"Alpha-"
"Mel, let him be," Caspian says weakly. "Merikh is capable of deciding what he does."
"Not if he is going to pass out and drop my daughter." She snaps.
"Why did you let her use that much power in the first place?" I say, shooting her a glare.
"What? How was I supposed to know she could even do that?" She gawks at me, and I chuckle dryly.
"Enough!" Caspian yells. "That is enough."
I press my mouth shut, biting back my growing anger. I know we are all on edge. With every one of us not just a little injured but all sustaining some serious injuries, it makes sense that tensions would run high Caspian looks worse for the wear, his body badly needing to rejuvenate itself in its natural life source.
Melody is full or fear, panic and looks like absolute shit. The only reason she is still moving is her maternal instincts driving her to get Colette to safety as quickly as possible. And as for the dragon lingering on behind us...well him, I don't know about.
Melody seems to trust him and Caspian hasn't spoken against him coming along with us. But dragons just tried to kill us. Dragons kidnapped my mate and are the enemy for now.
"I need to rest." He says, dropping to the ground next to a tree. "How long have we been on the move?"
I look up at the sky, the sun long gone as the moon shines brightly from behind cloud cover. It has spent many hours walking, exactly how many, I am not sure, but we have covered a fair amount of ground. "Enough to afford us a break," I say, pressing my pained back to a smooth barked tree as I lower myself to the ground, sliding down it with Colette in my arms.
I groan out in pain, releasing a sigh of relief once I hit the ground and allow my body to relax. Colette is still out cold, her body chilled to the touch as I adjust her to lie between my legs, her back pressing to my chest.
"May I look her over?" the healer says, and I scowl at him as I give a gentle nod.
He hums as he moves up next to me, touching her head, and looking over her injuries before he produces a small item from his bag and holds it under her nose. Nothing happens, not even a flinch and I see him frown. Then he presses his hands to her neck and slides his fingers down her arm to her wrist.
"Is she okay, Calvin?" Melody asks. He sighs heavily before sitting back on his feet.
"She is alive and seemingly uninjured. She just has no energy, like she worked herself so ragged she needs to rest for days."
"Unless we get her to the ocean?" I ask, meeting his eyes where he seems to weigh my question.
"She is a hybrid, so it is hard to say what will or will not work. But I believe you are on to something with that thought process, Alpha."
The longer I look at him, the more I get the feeling he is familiar. Someone I may know from another life, or another time, before I became who I am today, but I struggle to place it. My brows pull together in deep thought and he clears his throat, moving away from me.
"Wait," I say, and he freezes, his eyes skirting around anxiously as I press forward, pulling my back from the tree. "Could you look at my back?"
Calvin's brows pop up in surprise, but he hobbles over. Leaning over my back with a low whistle before he mumbles and hums a tune to himself. I can feel the touch of his hands, my teeth grinding together as grunt and try to not cry out. He tuts behind me before releasing a heavy sigh and walking away, speaking to himself.
I watch in shock as he disappears into the darkness of the trees, glancing between Melody and Caspian, who have yet to fully know what to do with one another after all this time.
"No one is concerned about him just walking off?" I ask. "How do we know we can trust him?"
"Calvin lost everything to save Colette." Melody says, looking at Caspian.
"What?" Caspian asks. "How?"
"He lied to Giselle and the man she was with." Melody says looking to where Calvin had disappeared. "I don't know exactly what happened, as he hasn't fully explained it. But he was there that night and he was punished. He was as much a prisoner as I was."
As if on cue, the old man comes back into view, with a handful of plants and the same song he has been humming since we picked him up. He moves behind me and I look at Caspian, whose eyes drift clos even though he fights the urge. He goes silent for a moment and then cold wetness hits my back, making me cry out in shock. 
"Maybe a little warning next time?" I grit out, wincing as I try to hide my pain.
"Oh. Uh, yes. This may sting." He says, like I had woken him from a trance.
"What is it anyway?" I ask him and he chuckles.
"Various plants, meant for pain relief to help you make it to where we are going." he pauses. "And uh...well... dragon's saliva." He clears his throat and my body tenses, my face morphing from one of pain to disgust.
"Did you spit on my back?" I growl low in warning and he pops around in front of me, shaking his head.
"Oh, no no! I chewed up the plant. Dragons saliva has many healing properties. It will not save you from scarring it, but it will help heal what it can."
"I don't know whether to thank you or hit you." I mumble, nuzzling my face into Colette's hair, dragging her closer as she murmurs something incoherently.
"I would understand both actions." He says in a sing-song voice as he applies more to my back. I use the mate bond between Colette and me to recharge both our bodies, hoping it will give her something, help her recuperate faster.
Exhaustion hits me hard as my
adrenaline wanes and the pain subsides my body, begging for rest while Caspian and Melody snore
lightly near each other. Calvin sit et
across from me, staring up at the sky, not humming or speaking, just mindless staring. I want to ask him questions but words fail me as I too find it impossible to stay awake any
longer. 
My eyes snap open as I sense movement and sit up abruptly, nearly knocking Colette from my lap. I scan the area, finding a set of eyes watching me from the cover shadows in the trees. They step out, moving closer, and my eyes grow wide as I see Ezrah, who looks concerned.
"What the hell happened?" he whispers, coming over to help me.
"I hate to sound unhappy to see you, but what the fuck are you doing here?" I ask him, and he frowns.
"I am always around, Alpha." he tells me and I scoff.
"Unless we are fighting and could use the help." I grumble at him and he frowns.
"Ah, well. I was on my way to deliver a message to Caspian from Elm. I was not here for your heroic fight, it seems."
"And what message would that be?" Caspian asks, his voice raw as he sits up, looking like absolute shit. His eyes are dark, his skin almost slack as he looks like he gained wrinkles overnight.
"The Fae have agreed to strip Lily of her title and, along with that, she will lose a majority of her power. But he needs to get to her first, so he can release her from their bond and strip her of the title." He says with a gentle nod.
"I see," he says, coughing roughly as he sits up, trying to stand.
"You look rough, my friend," Ezrah says, frowning.
"It's been a rough few days." I tell Ezrah, eyeing Caspian and realizing we need to move, and fast, before we lose him.
"Allow me to help escort you to the water. It is just over that hill," Ezrah says with a knowing smile. Caspian furrows his brow, worry flushing over his features.
"I think I am dying." He whispers. "I should be able to feel the pull of the water. It should be calling to me... But I feel nothing but emptiness."
His eyes meet mine and I see how
dull the blue has become and suddenly fear grips me. Caspian has become a friend, someone I trust with my life, with Colette's life. Not to mention Colette will be destroyed if he passes. We need to get him to the water as fast as humanly possible. 
"Can you move fast with Colette in your arms?" I ask Ezrah, who nods.
"Of course." He says.
"Take her and lead the way. I will use my lycan to carry Caspian as fast as possible." I say.
He swoops down, scooping up my mate. His eyes meet mine and he gives me a nod.
"I swear to be gentle," he assures me as I stand, then I call forth my tired lycan and lift Caspian as he tries to feebly deny me.
"We will be behind you," Melody says, her lip between her lips and a somber look on her face. "I will meet you on the horizon." She whispers to Caspian, who rasps out a breath.
"Hold on, old friend, just a little longer." Ezrah says before we break into a dead run, racing against time and nature to save him.
###Chapter 100
*Colette*
I feel like I am floating, my body humming with energy and a shockwave that zips through every vein, screaming for me to wake up. My wolf sighs in relief and the rest of me...it feels refreshed, hydrated.
Someone is murmuring to me, little sweet words in my ear as I come closer to consciousness. Arms are wrapped around me and a sigh tumbles out, then panic takes hold of me. I try to sit up but I am stopped, a voice calming me.
"Calm down, Letty." Merikh whispers in my ear and tears dot my eyes.
There is no way I am alive, and it breaks my heart. My chest aches and my throat feels like it is closing up as I glide my hands over his arms, holding him tight, clinging to the moment. A tiny sob breaks free, as my body shakes with sorrow and his face presses into my neck.
"Don't let me go," I whisper, not ready to leave him or worse, for him to leave me.
"Never," he promises, his lips pressing to my cheek as he pulls back, forcing me to turn in his arms.
Heavens, he is breathtaking, his green eyes soft and swimming with concern as he cups my face in worry. My hands feel over his body, touching injuries that make him wince as I make sure he is here.
"Merikh..." I whisper, my brows knitted together in confusion and a mix of shock. Is this real? He feels real, looks real.
"Were you expecting someone else?" He says, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips as I burst into a soft sob again.
"You're okay." I force out, and he nods, leaning down to press his forehead to mine.
"Only because of you." He says, his voice barely audible.
"You were in harm's way because of me." I correct him and he chuckles.
"I could say the same." He reminds me, and I lick my lips, sucking the bottom between my teeth. His hand glides over the back of my head, a trickle of water waking me up to the fact that we are in water. I should have noticed with how light I felt and how easily I moved despite my achy muscles.
"Where are we?" I ask him, looking over his shoulder.
"Blood moon cove" I hear someone come up beside me. I blink at a siren who swims around us in his form similar to my fathers though he is more slender, younger. Merikh holds me close, that tinge of jealousy wiggling through the mate bond and I smirk to myself.
"How is Caspian?" Merikh asks, and the siren gives a courteous nod.
"He will heal, in time." He says to Merikh before tilting his head as he looks at me. "Though I must say you look much better than I imagined you would after such a short time in the water."
"My wolf has a tendency to speed things up." I say, sliding a curious glance up at Merikh.
"This is Zale." Merikh says softly. "He is your long-lost cousin and the next to inherit the throne of your father."
"That is, of course, unless you want it," Zale offers, but I don't miss the way his eyes narrow, as if looking for some hidden truth that I might want this kingdom I don't belong in.
"I have a throne," I tell him, leaning into Merikh. "I am pleased that my father has someone to inherit for him though,"
That seems to go over well, as he smiles brightly and floats closer.
"Your mother is healing in the beach house over there." He says, nodding his head behind me.
I glance over my shoulder, catching a glimpse of a cute white cabin on the beach near rocks where waves cascade over them, spraying the air with the glorious smell of salt and sea. There is only one scent that could ever top this one, and it is coming from the man I am clinging to.
"Where is everyone else?" I ask Merikh softly.
"The dragon healer is with you mother, and everyone else went back to the pack."
My eyes grow wide as I look at him.
"The pack?" I ask, "That is where they will go first. We have to get back, to warn everyone, to move them somewhere else—”
"Colette, it has all been taken care of. We have a secondary site where Hayes, Percy, and Leandra will move everyone to."
My body feels hollow at the mention of Percy and my eyes well with tears again.
"How is he?" I ask and Merikh sighs.
"We will discuss this later. Right now, we have things we must do," he tells me, and I furrow my brows.
"Like what?" I ask, confused. "I am well enough to travel now. Let me see my mom and we can go."
"And what will you do when you get there?" Zale asks, his scaly arms crossing over his chest.
I look at him fully, taking in his board shoulders and the way his face, though far more ocean creature like, still has some human qualities.
"Fight for my kind." I tell him truthfully.
"You and who?" he scoffs. "The lycans are formidable fighters. Even we have heard of their strength and skills. But Dragons are fire and beasts. One fly over can decimate the flammable places you call home." I scoff and lick my teeth in annoyance.
"I know how to use my skills." I tell him, and he arches a brow.
"Colette," Merikh tries to calm me, but it's too late. I am annoyed, tired, in pain and so sick of everyone thinking am so incapable. I just
not
saved the Alpha of Death. Me, my father or my beta and his mate. Me, it was all me and my love for him. And I have a love for my pack, for my werewolf, lycan kind.
"No," I grit out. "Don't 'Colette' me. I am capable. I fucking proved it more than once and he doesn't know. How the hell would he know? Where were you, huh? Let your king wander around on land without backup or warriors to help protect him, and you come at me." I grumble.
"Are you done throwing your hissy fit cousin?" He asks, "Because the sooner we begin training, the sooner you will be able to leave to save your little pack you care so deeply for."
My mouth falls open to say more but nothing comes out but a shock tiny squawk.
"Perhaps she needs more time to heal..." Merikh offers, and I look between the two.
Merikh stands to his chest in water,
the sun setting on his features and I
take note of his scarred neck. I free myself from his hold, gliding around him in the water with ease as I reach out and touch his back. He is healing; the blisters disappearing, but the scar will be there forever, always that reminder of what I almost lost because he needed to save me. 
I have only grown stronger with him
in my life, emotionally, physically and, most importantly, mentally. It
has taken a lifetime to find.net
and yet, when I found him,
somehow was able to clear
he
the
path
and make that journey with me. He didn't make it painless, that's for
damn sure, but what is love without
a little growing pain?
"How much time do we have to train?" I ask, sighing as I move forward and press a gentle kiss on his burn, knowing the touch will provide him some relief, however short-lived it may be.
"As much time as you need to be ready." Merikh says.
"And what will you do?" I ask. The thought of him leaving makes my skin itch and my body feel weak.
"I will wait and watch you grow stronger." He says with ease. Move in front of him, watching him close, looking for any iota of falsehood, but I find none.
"Why?" I whisper.
"You are my Luna." he says simply, though he sees me questioning that, so he frowns. "I failed you too many times to ever do it again. What you need is to understand your own abilities, and then we can be strong together."
"But our pack-"
"Is in excellent hands." He assures me. "And when we get back and the dragons and whichever pitiful being decides to attack does so, they will be in for a big surprise. Because I have the strongest weapon at my side."
I laugh, hugging him. "A hybrid?"
"No, a little luna," he says and I hear the grin in his voice. "Now go kick that Fishman's ass."
"I can hear you. You do know that, right?" Zale asks, frowning.
"Yeah, I figured you might be able to." Merikh says as I break away from him.
He stoops down and steals a kiss, his lips warm and soft. It feels like home and I know I will do everything to protect it. So I reluctantly pull away and take a deep breath, turning to look at Zale. "So what's lesson number one?"
###Chapter 101
Chapter 101 
Training has been awful. All six hours full of exhaustion and stupid skills that refuse to surface, no matter how hard I try! call them. Moving water it seems is easier when I don’t think about it. But with the constant demand for perfection, how 1 not think of it constantly? 
I try to get in touch with the way the occan kisses my skin with every passing wave. To tap into the sea life that thrives in t very water I am trying to channel, yet the best I can muster is a rising spout that barely rises before it tumbles back into th 
ocean. 
“No,” Zale scoffs as he drops his head back, showcasing his annoyance. “Have you ever even tried to use your abilities 
before?” 
My annoyance flares at his rude attitude. He is clearly threatened by me, or just a jackass by nature. Either way, I am sick c being treated like an idiot who has zero skill when I know for a fact I have done things that even my father was shocked by 
“Have you ever taught anyone before?” I snap back at him, cocking my head to the left as he presses his lips together in an unpleasant frown. 
“No.” He bites out. 
“Yeah, that much is clear.” 
“Look, I was told to get you prepared as fast as possible, that you have the gift and it comes naturally, but all I am seeing from you are little spouts that my 
kid can do better than you.” He says, lifting his hands in a shrug. “I can’t train someone who has zero talent.” 
“What did I do to offend you?” I ask, shocked by how blunt he is with his dislike for me. 
“You shouldn’t exist,” he says through clenched teeth. 
“And yet I am here, and your king is asking you to do this.” I say simply. 
He isn’t saying something that I haven’t heard over and over again. And family or not, I don’t know this asshole, just like he doesn’t know me. But that doesn’t excuse him, thinking he can speak to me in this way. 
“Start again from the beginning.” He says, sighing heavily. 
“And do what?” I ask him. 
“Something! Anything more than what you are currently fucking doing!” He roars. 
“Well, that is super helpful.” I groan, flipping my middle finger at him as he turns his back to me, placing his hands on his head. He whips around, his eyes filled with anger as I shrug. “Why didn’t you just say that before?” 
He glides closer, his fishy lips twitching as he gets ready to go off on me again, so I tune him out, my eyes sliding closed as I reach out for the feel of the water within. 
My body grows calm, my wolf whining in satisfaction as I let my frustration win. My hands fall to my side, below the waterline, the current around my legs picking up in speed and pull as I lift my arms. 
Zale’s eyes grow wide as he looks down at the water wrapping up his body in a tight swirl, encasing him completely before he is lifted up in a swirling circle of treacherous waves. My body grows weaker with every passing second and he begins to slowly descends back down. 
s 
“That’s good,” I hear my father’s voice behind me. “Open yourself up to the natural flow of the water, feel the way it ebbs and flows. It does the same through you…” 
1/3 
1632 Thu, Aug 
Chapter 101 
I try to catch what he says is there, and though I can sense it, the feeling is fleeting and I drop Zale into the water, panting as I do so. My father’s hand rests on my shoulder and I turn to look at him, his eyes still tired and his cheeks still sunken from his exhaustion. 
“You should be sleeping.” I tell him, and he chuckles. 
“And miss my daughter comic into her skills? Never.” He whispers 
“You mean miss me and Zale bickering?” I tease, and he furrows his brows. 
“Zale is not the type to argue or bicker…” He says, looking at Zale, who floats with his arms crossed and dagger eyes pointed right at me. 
“Yeah, well, maybe you should remind him of that. He seems to think I should be dead because of what I am,” I mutter, sticking my tongue out at the frowning fool who guffaws at my action. 
“He said that to you?” Caspian asks, his eyes soft and his mouth set in a frown. 
“Maybe…” I mutter, biting the inside of my cheek, suddenly feeling like a traitor for telling on him. 
“Zale.” He commands, his voice rippling over the water like a tremor. Zale goes stiff, diving into the water before rushing to us. He skirts his eyes over me as he pops up. 
“Yes, my king?” Zale asks, whisking over. 
“What did you say to my daughter?” He asks, arching his brow. 
“I was trying to anger her to determine if her powers are more emotionally based.” 
“What did you say to her?” He asks, his tone growing more angered. Zale looks anxious as his eyes dart around and he clears his throat. 
“I said what you told me, not to mention.” He admits, looking out at the horizon. 
“And what did you discover?” Caspian asks, sliding a curious look my way before looking back at my cousin. 
“She is controlled by her emotions,” he says. My mouth falls open before I snap it shut, annoyed that they stooped to such tactics. 
“You said that just to piss me off?” I ask Zale, who shrugs, looking apologetic. I cross my arms over my chest. Caspian chuckles and shakes his head. 
“You are the only one of your kind, Colette.” He reminds me. “Your skills will not be like ours. It’s just not possible. But learning your abilities and limits will help you. Since you don’t know ?ale, it seemed easier to let him press your buttons.” 
“Good to know he isn’t actually a jackass.” I mutter. 
“No, I definitely am a jackass.” He grins. 
“There is something I have been wondering, and now that I am well enough to at least swim, I want to test it out.” Caspian says, but his voice betrays him and I can tell he is worried. 
Hook to the shore where Merikh sits on the beach, his eyes trained on me, watching closely with every move. Zale sends him a little wave, but Merikh doesn’t move a muscle. 
“Isee what you like about him,” Zale teases and I grin. 
“Do I need Merikh for this?” I ask Caspian. He tenses when my mother limps down the beach, taking a seat next to Merikh. 
2/3 
= 
O 
102 10 B 
Chapter 101 
“No,” He swallows looking away. “We need to go deeper for this 
45 
0 
Then he drops below the surface and swims away. I sigh, annoyed that they assume I can just keep up and swim as fast as them. I kick and paddle my way out to them, Zale grinning at my form, which, admittedly, is terrible considering water is a new thing for me. Hell, truth be told, I used the water to keep me afloat. 
“What now?” I ask. 
“We sink,” Caspian says. My eyes bug out wide, and I gape, looking from him to Zale. 
“Sink? Like under the water intentionally ask. 
What do they want me to do, sink and walk across the damn bottom of this ocean? What if I have to open my eyes and they sting because of the salt water? Or worse, what if I get too far from the surface and I can’t breathe and I suddenly pass out? 
“You will be fine. We just have to see how you react to being under the water, your abilities to breathe or swim without your skills. I will protect you if anything goes wrong. Trust me, Colette?” My father asks, and I exhale through my nose and nod. 
“Yes” 
1 dive under, my eyes closed tight as the warmth surrounds me and instead of feeling suffocated, I feel freed. 
“Open your eyes” I hear Zale’s voice so clearly and I snap my eyes open, shocked to see him in front of me. My eyes sting for a moment as I blink and then my vision clears and it feels like I can see for miles. 
“I want you to focus on transforming into a siren.” Caspian says. And I snort, my air bubbling out as I panic and suck in the water, my hands grip my neck. My throat stings, and I try to cry out more water entering my mouth, the taste of sea bombarding my tongue making me grimace as I race to the top. 
My head breaks through the water as I gasp and sputter for air, vomiting as the water rushes from me and I lean back, floating on my back as I pant, trying to catch my breath. 
I can’t do it. Breathing under the water, speaking or even doing anything other than opening my eyes is not possible. Caspian pops up, his hands reaching out to provide me support as I shake my head. 
“I can’t there is no siren in me.” I rasp out, coughing. “It’s just…it’s not there.” 
“That’s okay” He says, giving me an encouraging smile. “One day, we will figure out how to show you our kingdom. Just not today” 
“So I can only move water?” I ask, feeling disappointed with myself. 
“Only? Child, you can move water and shift into a wolf. You are skilled beyond anyone else in this world. You are magnificent, just the way you are.” 
“I wanted to be better.” I whisper. “I wanted to make you proud. 
“How can you possibly be better?” He whispers softly. “I am proud because you are my daughter. F’d love you even if you 
couldn’t move water” 
8/8 
###Chapter 102
*Merikh*
"How is she looking?" Melody asks me. My heart is in my throat watching her swim, afraid she will love this world better than the one she lives in with me.
Could I handle it if she told me she longs for the sea? Would I regret everything if I let her do what she needs, even if it means leaving me behind? I shake my head at these thoughts, clearing my throat. "Like she feels at home," I say with a sigh, lifting my hands from the sand and wiping them together to clean the particles off.
"Ah," Melody says in a sort of musical tone, like she understands something I haven't even said. I look at her, arching a brow in question, and she chuckles, shaking her head back and forth.
"What?"
"I know that look, the thoughts in your head." She gives me a knowing half smile.
"I am sure you do," I mutter, realizing she had it worse than I do.
She had a fully fledged siren king. One who couldn't choose her even if he wanted to. Without the water, he would die. Colette, however, only needs to be near water, in it occasionally and she is healthy. But that doesn't mean she feels her best with her situation at home.
"Every single day was agony, every week another week my heart felt both full with Colette yet my life still somehow felt empty without him there. She was so young, and for a while she kept me busy. When Caspian would come back-" She pauses, her voice cracking. "It was heaven on earth. Nothing could touch us, ruin us."
"Until reality came for you." I say with a knowing frown.
She shakes her head and wipes a rogue tear from her cheek.
"It came for my daughter. My heart outside of my body and they took her and Caspian failed me. He promised..." She stops, her eyes closing as she sniffles and laughs to cover her sadness. The shudder in her body as she tries to inhale deeply doesn't escape me. It is obvious she is in pain, and not just physically.
"The problem with a promise is that no one tells circumstances they have to bend to our will to make them happen." I say, looking back out at my perfect mate as she dives beneath the water, disappearing from my view, my lycan growing uneasy every time she is gone from sight.
"Life has a way of doing what it wants, regardless of our own desires, that's for sure." she gives me a gentle smile, her eyes meeting the Siren who remains above the surface, his eyes trained toward the shore and I feel her shiver as she drags her arms over her chest, hugging herself close and looking away.
"You two haven't spoken yet?" I ask, and she lays her head on her arms, looking at me.
"Colette is not meant for the sea." She whispers, her voice full of sadness as she ignores my question, which is the answer in itself.
"How can you know that?" I ask her and she sighs.
"Because she GETS a choice. If Caspian could have chosen me, he would have. His love is pure, and so gentle. She gets that from him. The ability to love beyond the mistakes that would make someone else run."
I feel a pang in my chest and my hand flies to my chest and I am flooded with excitement and the thrill Colette is feeling flowing in through the mate bond as she shares it all. I smile to myself, closing my eyes as I accept every last moment of her happiness. Perhaps Melody is right.
"I don't know how to protect her heart." I whisper, the moment passing as Colette's surfaces with Zale at her side.
"Let's start with protecting her in general first. The other bits you will learn along the way." She says.
"And what do you suggest to do that?" I ask her.
"I would start with speaking with Calvin," she says, standing and dusting her legs of the sand that clings to her. "He is ready to speak about anything you wish."
"He is a dragon," I frown at her. "How can I trust him?"
"Calvin is the reason she is alive." She says and I blink at her, annoyed that she has mentioned this before and yet, I still have no details or proof that he has done such a thing.
"Where is he?" I ask, finally giving in, realizing if I want answers, I need to go directly to the source.
"In the cabin." She says, "Walk with me?"
I look out at the water once more and Melody reaches out, touching my shoulder.
"If she is safe anywhere from the dragons, it's with Caspian and in that water."
I know she is right, but it doesn't make me feel all that much better about it. In my head, she is only safe when I have eyes on her. It's not a very logical thought, and definitely more of an egotistical one.
The lycan in me is convinced we are the only protection she needs. But maybe that is part of the problem. I haven't had the chance to think clearly since she has been back. Now is the time for me to do just that.
"Fine," I grumble, standing.
"On the way, maybe you can explain to me why you bartered for my daughter instead of my niece?" She says, but I know she is joking with me based on the smile in her eyes.
"Your niece is a terrible person." I tell her and she shrugs.
"Probably. I'm learning that maybe my brother wasn't so great either."
"To his credit, he tried to refuse me when I demanded Colette. Not very adamantly, mind you, but I think for a moment he thought of protecting her for you." I tell her and she looks away mournfully. "Knowing him, he was probably worried she would try to claim his title." She sighs heavily.
We walk and talk for a few minute walk to the cabin; me regaling her with why I chose her daughter and when I realized she was mine. It's not a story that makes me look like a good guy. But Melody has seen where my heart and loyalty lie in person.
"And she forgave you?" she asks as we push the door open.
"Yes. To my surprise, she was so willing to work through everything. Colette doesn't run from problems. She has the tendency to face them head on."
Melody grins widely. "She gets that from me."
"You should be resting." Calvin says from inside the cabin, his voice firm.
"I went for a three-minute walk and sat on the beach." She says, frowning. "It has been ten years since I have felt the sun on my face. I needed it."
He frowns as he hobbles to the stove, pulling off a kettle and mumbling to himself as he drags herbs around and adds them to mugs like he is following a recipe from memory.
"Sit. Drink this tea," he says, pushing a mug to her. "And you drink this one."
I give him a curious glance and he freezes, leveling me with his eyes.
"You have questions and I intend to answer them, but only if you drink your tea."
"Fine." I grumble. Walking over and taking the mug. I make my way to the kitchen table, frowning at the high back oak chair I know will only make my back sear in pain. Then I spin and look at the soft cushion of the armchair. I move there instead, easing myself down with a groan.
Calvin hobbles in, taking a seat on the couch as he clears his throat, looking at me expectantly.
"Why do you feel familiar?" I ask him and he clears his throat, moving uncomfortably as his eyes flick over to Melody, who watches curiously from her own perch at the kitchen table.
"I have seen you a few times before," he says. "When I met Giselle, I could sense she was different. She was, well is, a fraud. One that came blazing into our kingdom screaming for the death of a child." "So what? You went and told everyone you could?"
"No. I went to the only king that could protect her. Species don't matter to a healer. I am bound by the healing powers to heal anyone who needs it. To protect the sanctity of life. She was a werewolf child, therefore, she was under werewolf protection. I thought I'd made a mistake at first." Content belongs to en.swnovels.net
"What do you mean?" I ask, trying to follow his words.
"Your father was there at the hunting party for Colette. He went to ensure she was safe, and that she was hidden. Giselle promised your father she would help him get on the council if he lure the child to him. He chose Colette, and I covered his
el.
tracks so she wouldn't kill him. I was labeled a traitor to my kind." Content belongs to en.swnovels.net
I shake my head, scoffing as I sit back roughly and instantly regret it. This is more information than I know how to handle. I had always respected and loved my father, He was wonderful and knowledgeable and to know it from another species... it feels like validation and I feel a tear try to break free. Content belongs to en.swnovels.net
"So, how do we kill the bitch?" I ask him, sniffling, and he frowns, his face going pale.
"I can not be a part of killing her," he says, "But she fears Colette. Water quells fire."
"So we need to drown her?" Melody asks, sitting up straight.
"It won't be that simple," I murmur in thought.
But perhaps Melody is on to something. Phoenix's burn hot. Their fire is pure white as it eventually will burn her from within, allowing her to reincarnate through her ashes, eventually. But for a spark to happen, there must be heat. What if that spark never gets the chance to strike again?
###Chapter 103
Chapter 103 
It’s been days now, and with every a stronger, more confident Colette. sunrise come She wakes before the sun, barely eats play with the water. Not that 
and then she is off to I am bitter. 
I get to hold her as she snores all night long, watching her perfect face, measuring every single breath, and adding it to my list of favorite things she does. But, I am lonely. It’s different to miss someone when they are gone. I missed her so much it caused physical pain when she was gone. 
This is a stranger version of that. It’s watching her grow and loving every minute but longing for that reunion we missed out on. In books or a movie, the heron rescues the woman and they embrace, and then they get their happily ever after. 
She has been both rescued and the rescuer and yet, our happily ever after is still yet to come. I want to memorize every part of her, erase the horrors she experienced with mind numbing pleasure. 
But most importantly, I want a real fucking life with her. Colette deserves a life of simple pleasures. A walk to the beach, swimming with our children, laughing as I do something incredibly stupid as we know I will. 
There is a knock at my door and I sigh, pushing away from the small weathered table in our little room. It is no surprise to see Melody on the other side, looking more healed than she has been, though she still seems sickly. Not that it should surprise me with her mate still maintaining a literal ocean between them. 
“Have you spoken with her yet about your idea?” She asks, wringing her hands. I sigh and give her an annoyed frown before pushing past her into the hallway. 
“No, Melody, I have not.” I tell her, padding down the hall toward the kitchen. My inability to sleep for fear of waking up to Colette not being there is taking a toll on me. 
“Is that because you are afraid she will do something stupid?” She asks, chasing me down. For the past three days since telling her and Calvin my thought process on how to take down Giselle, she has been trying to convince me I should keep it from Colette. 
“I don’t keep things from Colette.” I remind her, and she races around the counter, blocking the coffee pot from me. 
“And yet 
it’s been days and you haven’t told her yet.” She says as if she has caught me in some terrible scheme. I sco and roll my eyes. 
“Melody, you are standing between me and the only shred of sanity I haye. Move out of 
M 
18:15 Sat, Aug 3 R 
Chapter 103 
the 
way 
and then we can talk.” I growl. 
53% 
+5 
Her eyes grow wide and she clears her throat, brushing her hands over her shirt as she obvious she is embarrassed at how she is reacting, but truth 
grows red in the face. It is 
be told, I understand it. 
She only just got her daughter back after ten years. Melody isn’t aware of how strong and wonderful her daughter is. But I am, which is why wh 
or rather, less exhausted from training, I will tell her what’s 
Colette is awake enough, 
on mind. 
my 
She walks away, taking a seat at the table that overlooks the very waves our mates are 
distance, her mind either lost or maybe it shuts off from time to time. Perhaps a learned trait from years of pain and torture. 
hidden beneath. Melody does this a lot, staring off into the e 
After pouring my cup of coffee, I groan to myself and take my mug to the table. I take a 
are lucky, we may be seat across from her, moving it to face the window as well. If w able to catch a glimpse of them. 
But ever since Colette learned she can hold her breath for an extended period of time 
and that in wolf form she can breathe underwater. We are lucky if we ! 
minutes every couple of hours. 
see them for a few 
“He still hasn’t come to see you?” I ask, looking down at my steaming cup. She lets out a sad, dry laugh that is meant to mask her pain, the tears she would much rather shed. 
“Why would he come see me?” Melody whispers, clearing her throat as she moves around in the chair. 
“You are mates,” I say, sliding a curious look at her. She picks at the fabric of her fluffy pajama pants and shakes her head. 
“I don’t know what we are,” she whispers into the air. “Parents, estranged lovers, broken…anything but mates, I guess.” 
Her voice breaks and she sniffles as she looks away and yet again clears her throat. I reflect on her statement, weighing each word before realizing Colette and I have been two of those three things and yet, here we are stronger for it. 
“You can be all of those things and still be mates who love and care for each other.” I tell her. “One day Colette and I will be parents, I hope. But we have been estranged lovers, and we were broken long before we met.” 
“Yeah, well, I am certain Caspian holds blame for me in his heart over losing Colette. That kind of broken doesn’t fix easily.” 
Chapter 103 
+5 
Her voice is filled with regret and guilt. As if she feels the pain of it all so freshly even though Colette is safe and alive. Even though she laid her life down for her daughters. I furrow my brows and place my mug down, turning in my chair to face her as I place my elbows on the table. 
“You blame him.” I whisper, the emotions finally making sense as she sighs and places her hand over her heart. And nods as a soft sob breaks from her quivering lips. 
“I don’t want to and I know I shouldn’t. It’s not fair to blame him, but I can’t help it. If he had been here. If he had been available and present for us more than an occasional week or weekend, he could afford to get away…maybe she…maybe I wouldn’t have missed her whole life.” 
“You didn’t miss her whole life,” I say, frowning, and she lets out a bereaved chuckle as she wipes her eyes. 
“As a parent, you learn there are different stages in your children’s life. I missed the innocence, the easy and wonderful love of a child who dotes on their parents who can do no wrong. All she gets now is an empty, damaged version who will never be the same loving mom she deserves. Colette should have left me to rot in that hellhole. I mean, shit, she doesn’t even remember the past.” 
“Are you done yet?” I ask, arching a brow. She snaps her attention to me fully, a look of confusion as she opens her mouth to say something back, but she can’t form the words 
“The last thing you need is to sit here and think that what they did broke 
“You have no idea what they did to me. For ten fucking years- 
99 
“You are right, I don’t.” I admit. “But does that change how much you daughter?” 
“Of course not.” She snaps. 
“Then you 
nods. 
love your 
can’t be that broken.” I say, giving her à pointed look. She stares at me, then 
“Maybe, maybe not.” 
“Perhaps what you need to make yourself feel better is a little swim.” I shrug. “Maybe pretend to get a kink in your leg or a stitch in your side. Rumor has it there is a siren king in the water with a hero complex.” 
“What I need is to talk to him.” She says. “Not look like an idiot in front of him.” 
I lift my mug to my mouth, chugging the now lukewarm liquid before placing it down 
10.10 Sal, Auy s 
Chapter 103 
on the table and standing. 
“Sometimes you need to be an idiot to initiate conversation.” I grin at her and she thinks for a minute before she stands, a small smile tugging on her scarred face. 
“Hell, I’ll go be an idiot with you. Maybe a princess will save me and we can force them to eat lunch with us.” I add, which makes her smile. She lets out a real laugh, one so similar to her daughter that it is almost startling. 
“Are you going to let Colette swim you to shore?” she teases. 
“I will be a damsel in distress for her any day. Hell, I’m an idiot for her everyday already.” 
We rush toward the door, hell bent on making our way to the shoreline, when I notice someone sauntering toward us. I step closer and Melody moves behind me, her fingers digging into my bicep as I feel the way her body shakes in fear. 
“Fancy seeing you here,” the woman says. Her near black hair shines in the sunlight and her pale skin makes her look dead. But I recognize those evil eyes, ones I used to stare into and think I was blessed. 
“Lauren,” I say, hiding my shock. How the hell is she not only actually alive, but walking in broad daylight if she is a vampire hybrid? And why the fuck is she here? 
###Chapter 104
Chapter 104 
“Hey baby,” Lauren says with a sly, seductive grin. 
14% 
“What do you want?” I ask her, and she stops, sighing heavily as she places her hand on her waist. 
“What? No, I’ve missed you. How was death?” She asks in a snarky tone. 
I lick my lips in annoyance, looking over my shoulder at Melody, who is clearly confused. 
+5 
“If you are a vampire, then you are still dead.” I remind her and she makes a face while nodding her head. 
“Well, only partially a vampire.” She corrects me. 
“Leave.” I grit out. 
“Or what? You will kill me again? Sorry sweetheart, you don’t scare me anymore.” She shrugs. “I am here for Giselle.” 
“Giselle is not here,” I scoff, and she chuckles, her laughter dark and lacking humor. 
“I am here on her behalf,” 
I look to the water, making sure my emotions are masked from Colette in order to keep her away and safe. 
“Is she out there? Your water mate?” Lauren asks, following my eyes. 
“That’s none of your damn business,” Melody scowls and Lauren rolls her eyes. 
“Shut up, you oversized punching bag!” she clips out. “The royals are discussing things.” 
I snort a laugh and shake 
my 
head. 
“You aren’t a royal.” 
“I was a Luna, and I am mated to Johannes,” she retorts. 
“You were a Luna, and you WERE mated to Johannes. Now you are an unwanted piece of trash, tossed around from man to man.” 
Her nose twitches as her lip curls, and she snarls at me. Her once brown eyes grow blood red and her fangs come out as her face grows hairy, as if her lycan is trying to surface. She grows a foot 
muscles taller and her arms morph into darker muscles before she takes a step toward me. 
If she is trying to use an intimidation factor, it is sorely misplaced. I have fought many beasts, more recently a fucking dragon. A hairy vampire doesn’t inspire fear in me. Only the strong urge to end her sorry existence of a life. 
“The war will end before it kicks off if you allow me to take Colette.” She says, her voice deep and 
19:47 Mon, Aug 5 GO. 
Chapter 104 
threatening. 
“Over my dead, fucking body.” I growl. 
0+14%8 
+5) 
My lycan springs forward, taking over my body as I grow larger, my muscles exploding from my skin and my snout growing from my face. Claws extend from my fingertips, razor sharp and ready to shred the bitch in front of me. 
There is no way in hell this freak of nature will take my make from me. She has already taken so much from me. First my parents, then my attempt at revenge, and now she demands what I swear to protect. No, this vampire hybrid is about to become a dead one. 
“Shit,” Melody says, stumbling back before falling on her ass. 
Lauren looks at her and grins. “Best to run along before I kill this sorry sap. Don’t worry. I promise to find you.” 
I lift my arm, pointing to the water, trying to convey the message to get her ass where Lauren will likely not go. Then, without a warning, I lurch forward and slash at Lauren. 
She is slow to move, my claws slipping through her soft abdomen like a heated knife through butter. Lauren hisses as she takes a step back, her legs bending and her fangs on full display. 
“You need some humbling.” She growls as she circles me, looking for the best vantage point. 
She won’t find one. There is no good way to attack me where I won’t be prepared. My back, though exposed, would be expected, and coming at me from the sides or front would make her an easier target. Lauren doesn’t play fair, she never has. 
Which means she will no doubt make a move for my back. So when she leaves my line of sight for a millisecond, I drop to my knees and spin, driving my claws up as she leaps at me. I catch her under the chin, my fingers tearing through her neck as I lift her while I stand. 
She writhes in pain, her hands gripping my wrist as she lifts herself from my impaling fingers and throws herself back away from me. Blood pours down her neck, dripping onto her black low cut top. Lauren scowls at me before she touches her neck and shakes her head. 
“You ruined my new shirt.” She hisses. 
I blink at her, unable to carry on a conversation in my full lycan form as I just choose to glare. If I could speak, I would tell her she is a worse fighter now, then she was when she was my mate.. Lauren never bothered to learn to carry her weight as a pack member or a Luna. So it is no surprise to me that I have injured her so many times. 
What is worrying me is how easily she bounces back from every injury. A move like the two I have already done would have killed a normal lycan or wolf. But she isn’t a normal anything, and it would serve me well to know that. What I have to do, since she is likely unkillable, is pull her into pieces and keep them apart long enough for the blood she steals to dry up in her being. 
She rushes toward me, dropping her head as she sprints through the sand. I catch her as she jumps 
Mon, Aug 5 
Chapter 104 
14% 
+5 
up and tries to grab hold of my head. My hands drive through her stomach and out her back as she slides down onto my forearm from the force of her own weight. I throw my head into her face, cracking my hard forehead into her nose as she screeches. 
Her face snaps back, but with an unnatural speed, she whips it back and leans to the side, burying her teeth into my neck. I grunt, trying to force her off as she sinks her nails into my back, anchoring her to where she is. Her body vibrates as she sucks hard on my throat. 
It feels as if threads of string are in my veins and she is actively drawing them out as my neck grows numb, the sick tingling feeling spreading through my skin like a spider placing their venom in my bloodstream. I know I am in trouble, the way my strike seems to do nothing, even as my arm is through her cursed body. 
My lycan panics for the first time as I intentionally fall to my back. Her body bounces up with the jolt and I slip my legs under her waist. I kick with every fiber of strength I can muster, and she flies from me with a shrill screech. 
Lauren lands on her feet, her eyes filled with crazy anger and delight as she stalks toward me as my lycan retreats, trying to help force this poison from my veins faster. Someone grabs me, and I kick my legs to go with them, not knowing who is helping as they take me to the water. 
“Kick!” Melody screams at me as she groans, dragging me deeper. She loops her arms under my shoulders, keeping my numb upper body afloat as I use my strength to propel us deeper. Lauren lets out an unhappy roar, pacing along the side of the shore, blood pouring from her side and drenching her. 
“Fuck.” I groan, my waist and ass growing tingly as the fucking numbing effect continues to spread. “I’m not going to be able to move soon.” 
“Yeah, well, you wanted to be a fucking damsel in distress.” She grumbles, her voice garbling as she sputters and spits water out. 
“How the fuck am I supposed to kill that bitch?” I ask, my voice trembling as my lips and tongue feel strange as well. Fuck, how the hell am I supposed to breathe if this keeps spreading? 
“You need to open the mate bond up. Colette needs to feel you need her.” Melody whispers. 
It doesn’t matter how honest I felt I was about Colette being my hero anytime she wants. Actually, having to be saved by her twice when I am the best fighter and known for my skills still seems to sting my ego. But perhaps my ego has always been the problem. 
I let the barrier melt away and in a second I feel her fear. A massive splash erupts from the water and a transparent wolf emerges, waves ebbing through it as if it is entirely made up of the sea. pride flutters through me. She did it. She figured out her abilities. 
It moves toward me and the water falls away, revealing my Colette in her human form, her eyes filled with horror as she reaches out and takes me in her arms. 
“Oh shit, shit…what the hell happened?” She asks, her voice cracking. 
19:47 Mon, Aug 5 G 0 
Chapter 104 
+14% 
+5 
“Don’t get jealous,” I tease, my eyes growing heavy as she holds me, our bond rippling through my body and giving my lycan strength to push the healing faster. “But my ex is here. She wants to meet you.” 
“Lauren did this?” She whispers. 
“Yes, I dragged him in here but she…she bit him” she whispers. “Does that mean he will become a vampire, too?” 
“I–i don’t know.” Colette says, fear in her voice. 
“Oh hey, maybe I can be a hybrid too,” I slur out in a sad attempt at a joke and she presses her lips to my ear as she holds me afloat. 
“That’s not funny,” she breathes and I hum, just happy to be near her. Maybe this whole damsel in distress thing isn’t so bad after all. 
SEND GIFT 
###Chapter 105
*Colette*
"We need to get him to Calvin." My mom says, trying hard to remain treading water. "But that vampire won't leave the shore."
I scowl at the bitch who started it all. The one who broke my mate and made our relationship so hard. The one that we were told was lurking but decided to not pay her any mind. I hear a splash behind us but I can't avert my eyes from the blood covered vampire standing in broad daylight waiting for us.
"Melody, why are you out here?" Caspian asks.
"They were attacked," I tell him, sparing him a quick glance. He immediately grabs hold of my mom and looks her over in a panic.
"Are you injured?" he asks and I watch her as she squirms, pushing him away.
"Would it matter to you if I were?" She snaps.
I cling to Merikh, my heart pumping with fear as I look at the vampire bite directly over my mate mark and my lips twitch in anger. This is all her trying to get under my skin. I don't know what her ulterior motive is, but there is no doubt she is enjoying causing pain.
"Are you going to just stay out there?" She hollers out, her voice annoyingly chipper as she walks along the water's edge, kicking her feet through the waves that rush over the sand.
"You could always come to us," I shout back and she cackles with a huge, eerie grin on her bloodied face.
"And ruin this hair? No, thank you. But since you have to eventually get him to someone, I can just wait here for you. I don't mind." She sends us a fake innocent smile.
"Yeah, I'm sure you don't," I mutter in annoyance to myself. Then I spin, doing a backstroke with Merikh resting on my chest as I propel myself to the shallow end. I can feel the presence of my parents and Zale as I stand waist deep, scowling ahead.
"Why are you here? To torture the people I care about?" I ask her, and she smirks.
"What if I told you I was looking for a king?" she shrugs.
I snort and roll my eyes. The only thing this bitch can find with her eyes closed is trouble. There is no doubt in my mind about who she came here for, and it wasn't Merikh.
"You are looking for the wrong one then," I say, playing into her game. "This one is taken and I am very obsessive."
She grins, her eyes squinting as she forces the corners of her lips into a creepy smile.
"I think I could take you." She giggles. "I mean, you don't look like much. Why Giselle has any fear of you will never make sense to me."
Well, at least Giselle is afraid of me. That has to be a good start, or at least a start in general. We will take her down, and hopefully Teiran will be able to talk sense into his father after she is gone. A war means death and hatred. What I want is a life of laughter and smiles. That won't happen if this war that has barely started continues on.
But in order to get to Giselle, I need to eliminate her girl group of power hungry dickless assholes. Which means I will do what Merikh couldn't. Not that he is incapable, but nothing pisses a mate off more than holding their bleeding love.
"Get him to Calvin now." I tell my mom and Caspian, then I look at Zale, who has remained speechless through all of this. "You wanted to see what I was capable of? Allow me to show you."
I stalk toward Lauren as she paces in anticipation. Death is in her eyes, not only hers but what she hopes to give to me, but I don't find it intimidating. My hands fall to my side, my palms facing toward Lauren as I rise out of the water with each step until only my feet remain. Lauren doesn't take any chances as she jumps at me with a loud growl.
I growl as I shift into my wolf, keeping my feet grounded in the water. My body grows cool, my blood replaced with the salty water of the ocean. A garbled roar of tears from my water made wolf's jaw and she flies through me.
Lauren splashes into the water, jumping up as she can with a hiss and shaking her body out as if her lycan is trying to clean itself of the moisture.
"Oh, not fair." She scoffs, her head tilting to the side before she shifts as well. Her lycan only partially shows up and in a distorted way.
I look into her eyes, noticing the way the color is off. Neither are they black like a true lycan or red like a hungry vampire. They are a mixture of shades of green, like a gross mold growing on cheese that's set on the counter for days in humid weather.
Lauren may think she is an invincible hybrid, but she is rotting from the inside out. She was not created naturally and there for her, her blood isn't pure, not like mine.
She tries again to reach out and get ahold of me, but I float to the side in my water form. Lauren growls in annoyance, unsure of how to fight me.
"Play fair!" She roars, throwing a fit like a toddler, and I grin at her.
How amusing she thinks this isn't fair, yet she thought it would be fair to attack Merikh, knowing her strength is more than is? I don't give a fuck about fair anymore. This isn't a fight for fun in some league. This is life or death, and this will be her second time dying.
I notice movement behind her, and I see Calvin hobbling closer. She turns her head to look and see what my attention is on, so I rush to the side, stirring up the sand into the water I am made of, and I block he view. She hisses at me, reaching out and slashing through me, cutting the sand away.
My body drains, the use of this kind of ability weighing heavy on my sources and my wolf's strength. I shift back into my human form, dropping to my knees with a gasp.
Heat shoots over my head, taking me by surprise as I look around and see Calvin, his big belly glowing with heat as he forces a flame through his lips, blue and incredibly hot. Lauren shrieks and falls to her knees.
He stops, tossing me a vial and pointing to Lauren with a quivering hand like he can't believe what he has done.
"Pour it d-down her throat," he insists.
I don't waste a second, standing and
running to the charred face of
Lauren who breathes heavily, her skin falling off as it's replaced with new unmarked flesh. My hands swirl with water as I touch her chin, yanking it down, the mere heat of her bones trying to sear my hand through the water that cools it.
Content belongs to en.swnovels.net
I pull the vial open with my mouth, spitting the cork out, then I lift it to her mouth and pour it down her throat. She convulses and sputters, trying to spit it out as she cries in agony. I stumble back in shock, landing on my ass in the water. The salinity helps to revitalize me at a much faster rate.
"What the fuck was that?" I ask Calvin as he rushes toward Merikh, motioning for Caspian to drag him over.
"Wolfsbane." He says.
I wince, knowing all too well how much that shit hurts a wolf and lycan. My brows knit together, confused as I try to understand why, of all things, this seems to have the most effect. I know she is a hybrid, but I would have thought she was more of one than the other.
"Why?" I ask.
"Kill her lycan, and she is no longer a hybrid, just a regular vampire who serves no purpose to anyone."
I bite my lip, hoping this works,
begging to the heavens that this hybrid bitch was much easier to eliminate than we could have ever hoped for. She cries, hugging her body and whimpering just as the smoke rises. Her skin burns, turning ashy in the sun as she crawls to a small shadow, hoping to find whatever shade she can. Content
belongs to en.swnovels.net
"HELP ME!" she cries out in desperation. Digging into the sand and under a large boulder. She burrows in, but the sun will eventually hit the spot by sunset.
"You should have stayed dead." I hiss, sauntering toward her.
Lauren's eyes pour bloody tears as she searches the tree line too far for her. I don't have time to question who she is looking for as I leave her and sprint to Merikh, helping him to the sand. It's not until I hear Lauren whimpering a name that I realize I need to listen. I move closer, remaining in a relatively close area to Merikh, who is groaning in pain.
Content belongs to en.swnovels.net
"Please...please help me. Giselle, Lily.... anyone! Ezrah, please...I know you are here, you brought me..."
I freeze, my body going slack as I search the edge of the trees further up the beach. Perhaps Ezrah is playing for both teams or maybe he is truly bad guy. All I know is I need to order some mail and get some fucking information from this guy everyone swore we could trust.
###Chapter 106
Chapter 106
Ezrah brought her here? I wonder as I whirl around, searching the trees and shoreline for the messenger who is always everywhere, always in everyone's business.
Caspian stands with Zale, the two of them carrying my enormous lycan mate up onto a less sandy part of the beach. Ezrah will have to wait. Right now, I need to be sure Merikh will be okay.
I rush toward them, sliding a glance back at Lauren as she tries to creep out, only to hiss and cry harder. Serves the evil vampire right for everything she has done and continues to do.
Strange how easy it was to defeat her when everything is all said and done, though. I sort of expected more, certainly something more than the sobbing mess cowering under a rock.
"How is he?" I call out, Calvin humming as he moves efficiently from wound to wound, seemingly more interested in one from the next.
My nails find themselves trapped between the nervous pressure of my teeth as I nibble on them, my anxious nerves only growing bigger with every passing bout of silence.
"Calvin," I growl out. He snaps his surprised eyes up to me, blinking as if he hadn't even noticed I arrived.
"I am assessing him," He says back, but his eyes are telling me more than his lips.
Vampire bites are meant to kill. That's the whole point of them. To feed or to create a new vampire toy. But what happens to a lycan king who is bitten? Not fed upon and not intended to create? Does he live? Does he suffer?
These are the questions plaguing my mind that no one seems able to answer right now, right when I need them. My mom moves close to me, entwining my hand in hers as she tugs me close, and I rest my head on her shoulder. It is incredibly strange how quickly the mother-daughter bond came back.
Though I sort of attribute that to the fact that all this time in the water has helped me remember a lot from my past. Not everything, but enough of my life with her and even Caspian before I was hunted.
Also, trauma bonding is a real thing, and that definitely happened with mom on more than one occasion, so there is that.
"He will be okay," she assures me with a gentle smile.
"We do not know that," Zale says bluntly and I glare at him as he frowns and shrugs.
"I am only speaking the truth."
"Yeah well maybe don't?" My mom snaps at him.
Caspian comes up to my other side, sighing heavily as he avoids looking at my mother.
“He should have known better than to attempt to fight her." Caspian murmurs and my mom scoffs, shaking her head.
"Dad has a point," I tell her.
She chooses not to respond, only maintaining a forward-looking gaze as if she is biting her tongue. It is clear that she has much to say, but either refuses to in front of dad or she doesn't want me to know. Either are not acceptable reasons.
"I want you to explain everything all over again." I say, turning to face her.
“Lauren showed up." She sighs. "She said she was sent for—”
"Gah!" Merikh screams and shoves Calvin away.
Calvin grunts as he tumbles backward onto his ass. He scrambles to stand, reaching out to grab Merikh who tries to stand, only to sway on his feet. I am next to him in a second, my hands gripping his fevered body as I look at Calvin expectantly.
"Lauren..." Merikh slurs the word, his eyes unfocused as he tries to scan the area, pulling me as close as he can to his body.
"We know," I whisper, reaching up to hold his face still so he can focus on me. “I know, it's okay."
The look on his face breaks me as his frantic fear drips away to a look of sheer pain. I see the flecks of green in his iris' not his normal shade of emerald but the same distorted rotten green that lived in Lauren's eyes. The rot, the kind that will eat away at him, making him someone unrecognizable.
"Calvin," I whisper, my voice breaking as I say his name and he bumbles over to me. "What do you need to do to save him?"
"Nothing to do but wait and see who wins this," He says, sounding forlorn.
"I refuse to wait and see." I growl at him, unable to control the rage brewing in my chest. "What can I do?" I hiss.
"I-i-l don't know." He says, looking distraught. "I am sorry Luna, but I just...this is out of my realm of healing."
I fight back the tears, giving Merikh a
fake smile as look up into his eyes. It is like he is drunk, unable to focus and remain steady as he grins a brilliantly handsome smile. The fool thinks he is going to flirt with me. In this state? 
"Hey Merikh," I say, struggling to keep the quiver from my voice. "I am going to have you sit here for just a minute, okay?"
"Where are you going?" he asks, growing clingy and nervous. I press pull his head down to meet mine and nuzzle my nose against his, taking a deep inhale of his scent.
"I just need to talk to my dad for a minute." I whisper, and he groans in annoyance.
"You are always speaking time with him and not me," he pouts. "I miss my little luna."
I grin to myself, "And I miss you, too. I promise it will only be a little bit."
"Fine," he groans, rolling his eyes.
I ease him to the ground and rush over to my parents, dragging them aside and looking them in the eyes.
"Tell me there is something water can do to heal him, or maybe cleanse his blood?" I ask, placing both hands on my head as the air grows thin, making it harder to breathe.
The panic attack is coming, the one where I become a sobbing mess and am of no use to anyone. Merikh is the stable one, the one who holds me when I break down or just break in general.
“That's not how a vampire bite works, sweetheart." Caspian says with a frown.
"Could it hurt to try?" my mom asks and he frowns.
"Colette is not strong enough to even attempt something like that."
She scoffs and rolls her eyes.
"I wasn't referring to her. I am referring to you Caspian."
He arches a brow and crosses his arms over his chest.
"Oh, so we are on speaking terms again?" he asks, and she narrows her eyes.
"This is my Alpha, my daughter's mate. I will speak to who I need to and ask for favors when I choose for their sake," she snaps out, and he stares at her, stone faced and unmoving.
"I may be of service." Ezrah says sauntering over to us, his hands in his pockets as he looks like he glides across the sand.
"I want nothing from you but explanations.” I hiss my lycan, coming forward and making my words morph into a command rather than a basic statement.
"And what should I explain?" He asks, looking confused.
"I am a messenger. I delivered the message via way of the person I was told to bring." He protests.
"You brought a fucking fox into a henhouse, Ezrah. Either you are working for them or you are a coward and I can't decide which one you are yet." I scream at him.
"Go the fuck away." I growl and he exhales.
"He can help him." Caspian says gently.
"Bullshit." I grit out.
"You either let me try or you wait for him to die. You don't have to trust my motives, but trust I will help him." Ezrah says, and I groan in anger. "Fine." I mutter, clinging to Merikh's hand. "Hurry up."
###Chapter 107
Chapter 107
I pace the old wooden porch of the small cabin we have been staying in. Well, where I have been sleeping and Mom, Merikh and Calvin have been living. Guilt runs rampant in my mind, tearing apart a decision I have made in the last near week.
Should I have come? Should I have allowed Merikh to even stay with me, or would it have been wise to send him with our pack, insist he be where he should be?
"Stop doing that," Caspian says, sighing heavily as he pushes himself up from the swing hanging from the old rickety ceiling.
"I can't sit still," I say, shooting daggers from my eyes in his direction. A frown tugs at his lips as he shakes his head.
"That is not what I mean, Letty." He says, his gentle father's voice turning on. "You can not change what happened by standing here and thinking about how you could have done something differently."
"What would you prefer I think about? A life without him? Preparing for a world where he does not exist-" I pause, my voice cracking as my eyes water. Then I clear my throat and roll my shoulders. "You are right. I can't change what has happened in the past. But staying out here, waiting and doing nothing doesn't help anything either."
"You should be training." He says, simply. My eyes snap to his, my blood boiling at the mere suggestion of leaving Merikh alone and at the hands of fucking Ezrah.
Ezrah who has been at every turn when shit goes down. Ezrah who works for no one yet everyone at the same time. The damn messenger who seems to think his neutrality wins peace when all it does is bring war to everyone else's door steps and he delivers it.
"I do not trust him." I hiss out, unable to tone down the anger that oozes from every part of me.
"He is in there, of his own accord, trying to help," Caspian says with a frown.
"He is in there fixing the fucking mess he created by bringing the fucking abomination to our doorstep under the guise of 'I am a messenger, this is what I do'," I scream at Caspian. His eyes turn dark.
"Ezrah has been a trusted friend for many, many years,"
"As was your mate, yet now that you found her, you ignore her and suspect she is a plant among us, while your trusted friend delivers a messenger who might have killed a council member, the lycan king. MY FUCKING MATE!"
His lips twitch and his nose flares as he breathes through it heavily and looks away from me.
"I did not say your mother was a plant to spy on us," He whispers and I snort a sardonic laugh.
Caspian avoids the topic of Melody at every turn. I ask when he will speak to her, but he changes the subject. I ask him to come to the cabin but he was too injured and still recovering. He is near her and he can't seem to find words to be civil.
He doesn't have to say what I already see on his face when he looks at her. Caspian wants her to be the bad guy, so he doesn't have to bear the guilt of her suffering for ten years while he sulked and blamed her for my proclaimed death.
"You don't have to say it for everyone to know what you are thinking." I scoff, shoving past him. I pace over to Zale, who sits in a rocking chair, an exasperated expression on his face as he watches everything unfold.
"Zale?" Caspian asks, looking at the siren male, who clears his throat and lifts his hands.
"I wish to remain out of this, my king." He says, bowing his head.
"Fine." Caspian whispers. "Fine. Yes, there is a fear that they got to your mother. Can you blame me? You are taken, your gamma killed, and they place you next to your mother and somehow you escape with her? Why? What do they gain from that? It feels too convenient, all of it does."
I take a step away from him, then turn and lean on the white railing of the deck. He makes valid points, but convenience doesn't equal guilt, just like fear doesn't foster loyalty.
"Mom is not a spy, and they did not turn her."
"How can you be so sure?" he whispers, and I see the conflict in his eyes. For the first time since recognizing him as my father, I feel a flicker of disappointment.
"Her body is beyond repair, even for her wolf to heal, even now after being freed. She was locked in a damp, dirty cell with bars of silver. When I cried, she let those bars burn through her skin with no thought to her own pain so she could touch me, comfort me." I say, pushing off the railing.
"I can't hear this," he says, that inner conflict turning to sheer agony.
"That means you need to." I say in a low voice. "Mom was beaten regularly, bones broken, meals skipped and no sun in ten years. They toyed with her by playing tricks with magic and using a fake version of me as bait. And yet when I was there, she was so willing to trust me, to believe me because she was desperate. She needed something to live for."
"Colette Lynnae, that is enough." My mother's voice says from the doorway. I spin to see her holding the door frame for stability, her eyes watery. "Melody," Caspian's voice breaks, and my mother avoids looking at him.
"That is not your darkness to share." She says, her voice trembling. "Alpha Merikh is awake and asking for you."
Then she turns and walks back into the cabin. I rush in behind her, watching as she slips into her room, closing it behind her, the lock slipping into place. Caspian footfalls stop following me as I hear him knock on a door, only to be met with silence.
But I don't have time to focus as I fly through the hall and through my room to find Merikh sitting up in the bed, looking pale and ghoulish.
I swallow the dryness in my throat, and then lick my lips as I take a few steps toward him. He tilts his head, confusion on his face as he looks over at Ezrah, then back at me.
"How is he?" I ask Ezrah but I don't look at him, my eyes are glued on the man staring at me.
"He is doing well. Thankfully, you are here and he will heal much faster with you at his side."
"Ezrah, who is she?" Merikh asks, his brows pulling together. My heart stutters and I freeze.
Who is she? Does he mean me? Merikh has forgotten who I am?
"Alpha, this is not a funny joke." Ezrah says frowning and Merikh scoffs.
"The only joke here is the one you are playing on me. You know damn well I don't have a mate." He seems to grow angrier as the room feels like it is going to spin. Then I snap. My eyes grow dark and the water in the cup next to him flies from its glass cage and splashes over his face. 
"I am Colette. Your Luna and your mate, whether you want me or not, I am here to stay, so you better fucking start remembering now."
He growls, lifting the blanket to wipe the wetness from his cheeks and as it falls back to his lap, I see a huge smile on his face.
"Ah yes, my little Luna, there she is," he says, his voice a little hoarse.
I don't know whether to cry, laugh or throttle the shit out of him, so instead I rush to him and kiss his lips. His arms slide up my back, pulling me close as the tears tumble down my cheeks and I weave my fingers into his wet hair.
The sparks explode at our contact, my wolf near purring at having him awake, kissing me and in my arms After what feels like too short of time, we break apart, the two of us panting as I look over his face, scanning every part of him from his forehead to his chin.
"You handled that better than I thought you would." He admits.
"I get the feeling you like when I punish you." I murmur, pressing my head to his lips. He chuckles into my hair and a smile pulls at the corner of my lips, despite my annoyance with his terrible joke.
"I like everything you do to me." He says in a seductive tone.
I chuckle, shaking my head as I lean
back and look over at the rest of him. Two holes sit over my mate mark and stroke my thumb over it, anger and jealousy combining with the violent urge to kill Laureninstead of Tetting the sun do it for me.
"Will he be fine?" I ask Ezrah, who is behind me.
"He will struggle to heal, but with time, yes, he will be normal." He says, sounding tired.
I stand, walking over to him, a frown on my lips. He saved Merikh, but that doesn't mean I trust him. It doesn't mean he isn't working on both sides of
the war.
"Thank you for saving him.” I say nicely, and he smirks.
"But you still don't trust me?" he asks.
"Not a chance in hell." I snort. He nods in understanding.
"What can I do to earn your trust?" Ezrah asks.
I tilt my head, thinking why my trust means anything to him in the grand scheme of things.
"Pick a side." I shrug. "And make sure it's the right side."
"Colette," Merikh says my name, sounding shocked as he wears a piqued version of a look of disappointment. So I cross my arms over my chest and stare at Ezrah.
"Did you tell Merikh that you are the one who brought Lauren here?" I ask him. He looks away, ashamed, and shakes his head no.
"You did what?” Merikh roars. “Since when are you in the business of delivering people?"
Ezrah exhales, then drags his hand down his face.
"There are things I can't remem-"
"Not good enough." Merikh growls, throwing the blanket back as he stands, his legs shaking under him.
"Get your ass back in bed, you idiot. I am trying to tell you," Ezrah groans. "I don't remember, okay? One minute I was picking up a letter and the next
I woke the fuck up here. If I try to remember, my head explodes in pain."
"Why didn't you say any of this earlier?" I scoff, and he drops his head.
"Did you give me the time, Luna?" he asks and I realize he is right. I never gave him more than a few seconds to explain anything.
"So what now?" I ask, sighing.
"I choose a side," he says. "And I choose yours."
###Chapter 108
Chapter 108
*Merikh*
My neck throbs in pain as I frown at Ezrah. This is someone I trust, someone I considered to be a friend or at least friendly, even when the council refused to be that way with me. But Colette is right to question him and where his allegiance stands. Too much is happening, too much doesn't make sense and he might just be that missing piece.
Hybrid Lauren wasn't created on purpose. She was an accident, but who the hell put her back together enough for her body to heal? There is so much that doesn't make sense.
Things that go against the natural law or things we understand as supernatural beings. My head hurts and a wave of exhaustion floats over me, lingering just out of reach to shoo away or catch and nap off.
"You are choosing our side?" Colette asks Ezrah, who looks sad, but he nods in agreement.
"Yes,"
"Why?" she retorts, her eyes narrowed as she waits for the truth.
"Fae have special gifts, and jobs we take seriously," he explains.
"I already know that." She grits out and he frowns.
"And you know that I have the ability to move very fast, to deliver messages and talk my way out of situations."
"Not doing a very good job of talking yourself out of this one," she snorts, and he shakes his head in disbelief.
“Luna, I am trying very hard to be cordial."
I sigh, a heavy exhale as I punch the bridge of my nose.
"We don't need cordial, we need honesty." I tell him and he nods solemnly.
"I know." he paces over to a chair and plops down, looking torn. "This has been my life for hundreds of years, this is what people with my abilities do. To share with you secrets I have been sworn to protect is breaking everything I know and believe. I will have no family after this."
Colette softens in her anger and she frowns before she reaches out and takes my hand in hers.
"Ezrah, if you choose to stay out of matters, it is likely you will have no family at all. I don't think Giselle will stop with just me. She has Lily, and she had Lauren. Who knows who else she has on her side that is coming to what? Capture me? Make use of me elsewhere?"
"There is no one else," He says and I furrow my brows, for the first time unsure if I trust his words.
"I disagree." I say simply, and his brows lift in slight surprise.
"If there is, then it is not someone I know, or I have at least not yet been made aware of who it might be." He corrects his words.
I frown, watching his movements closer. Every dart of his eyes or rise and fall of his chest raises suspicion now. What if Ezrah is lying or what if he doesn't know of someone else because he is that someone else?
"Have you worked with Giselle since everything has happened?" I ask him.
Colette entwines her hands with mine as we watch his jaw tighten and his eyes close in guilt as he nods his head.
"Yes."
"Is it possible that Lily has control over you, like the others?" Colette asks, and he looks intrigued by the idea before shaking his head from side to side.
"She can not control me like she does the others. I have been neutral and due to the nature of my travels, I would be too far from her to be effective," he admits. "That and I have spoken with Giselle, but never Lily. She is a traitor to my kind."
"So you do have some honor," I scoff.
“Alpha, my kindness and friendship with you has been real, and at every turn, when I felt something was amiss, I would do my best to leave hints or clues to help you with my abilities." He says, his face filled with torment and guilt. "I truly believe your kind has been mistreated for too long."
I clear my throat, looking over at Colette as she meets my eyes. Her emotions flow freely between us, hers melding with mine as we make these decisions together. She can feel the deep-seated trust I have for the fae before me and I, her wariness.
"Are you sure you wish to choose sides?" I ask him and he nods.
"This has gone on too long, and for someone to tamper with my memory, to use me to deliver an assassination attempt...it is time I choose a side as many of my kind have been forced to do." His demeanor changes, growing more frustrated with the situation the more he talks about what happened to him out loud. As if he is finally acknowledging the breach of his covenant.
Colette lets go of my hand and moves over toward him, her head tilting as she assesses Ezrah before she reaches out and waits for his hand. A curious frown tugs at his face before he looks at me for what to do. I can't help but chuckle.
"Shake it," I urge him. "You are committing to fighting with us. Handshakes are binding, like a contract."
He takes it, standing from his chair and shakes it. Colette smiles a sly smile, then looks at me and back at Ezrah.
"Welcome to the war." She says.
"Thank you? I guess?" He says back, making Colette shake her head.
A ghastly scream breaks the moment apart as I look out the window as the sun grows lower in the sky. I try to shoot up from my bed, but my legs give out like wet noodles and I tumble to the ground with a grunt.
Two sets of hands lift me, setting me on the side of the bed as I breathe through the pain that feels like a steel sponge dragging through the insides of my veins. Colette's touch helps to ease it slightly, making it much less jarring, but I look to Ezrah for an explanation of both the sound and the pain.
"What the hell is happening to me?" I ask him.
"A cleansing. One of air and light," he says, as if that makes total sense and I should follow the explanation.
"Right, care to explain?" Colette asks, her brows tugging together.
elket
"My gift is the ability to move at the speed of light. I can bend air and light to my will, in only certain instances. In this case, I forced it through your veins to kill the vampire...genes?... cells? Whatever you wish to call them. In order to save you and your lycan. And the screaming is Lauren." FindNovel.net
I snap my head up, meeting his gaze.
"Lauren is still here?" I ask him, and he nods solemnly.
"She is indeed," Ezrah says.
"Lauren is only a vampire, her lycan is dead. She is now hiding as the sun slowly creeps into her hiding spot."
My stomach twists at the thought of her sitting there alone and waiting for her death to creep up on her. Her second death. An overwhelming urge takes over and I lick my lips, afraid to ask Colette for this favor. The one to take me to my ex and sit with her as she dies.
"It's fine." Colette whispers, a soft encouraging smile on her face. "If you need the closure-"
I bark out a laugh, realizing she feels my emotions, but she has seriously misinterpreted them.
"It's not the closure I need, my little luna. I just want to know the bitch is really dead this time. To see her turn to dust and know she can't come back as some crazy ass unheard of hybrid."
“Crazy ass unheard of hybrid, huh?" she arches her brow and I smirk.
"She was made. You were born. You are just an unheard of hybrid, no crazy ass about you." I amend and she smiles, standing.
“Ezrah, could you help me get him outside?" She asks, and he nods, looping my arm over his shoulder as he lifts me and she grabs my waist, helping me walk.
We find everyone standing on the porch looking out at the boulder in the distance, the occasional trickle of smoke and squeal as Lauren's last day comes to an end.
"This feels wrong," Melody whispers.
"Lauren killed my father, betrayed our kind, and was sentenced to death. For some reason, she cheated death, and this time...she can not escape it." I tell her and she frowns, her eyes settling on Lauren before she looks away, wincing.
"Mom, this is different from the torture you experienced." Colette whispers, moving over and taking her mother's hand. "Lauren is evil, just as bad as
Giselle."
She nods in understanding.
"Even our plan for Giselle seems less inhumane than this," she says.
I understand her thought process and her bleeding heart. This is something I have to witness, and it doesn't make me a bad person. It makes me a damaged one looking for the chance to heal, and this is the final step in that process.
"We have a plan?" Caspian asks.
###Chapter 109
Chapter 109
*Colette*
Silence falls over us as we wait anxiously for Merikh to explain what he means. It is clear as day to me he is still feeling awful, but he puts on a brave face, like always. I watch my mother as she gives him an encouraging nod before he racks his hands through his hair.
"Giselle is a phoenix. As far as we know, the only one of her kind, yet none of us know how to kill a phoenix. Either they aren't as invincible as we think or they have chosen to keep themselves hidden from her,” he says, clearing his throat.
I have to bite back a smile at how cute he is giving his little speech as if he had rehearsed it all week. But then again, maybe he had. It is not like I have been entirely present when I am with him.
It's not from lack of love or wanting to be near him, though. The water is exhausting, beautiful, but draining in every way. But by the time I crawl into bed, I am too tired to even want to change into something for bed.
He meets my gaze, dragging me back to the point at hand. Giselle, how to get rid of the roach that seems to never die? But I find it so hard to focus when he is near, and I am energized enough to stay awake.
I don't want to discuss death and war. I just want to snuggle into his arms and laugh about our past and think about our future.
“Colette?" I hear my name whispered to my right.
"Yes?" I squeak out.
"Are you okay?” My mother asks, her eyes on me and a frown tugging at her lips.
"It's just been a long day." I give her a tight-lipped smile, looking around at everyone else. "Sorry, I will focus."
"This entire time we have sat and assumed that Colette is the only one who can kill Giselle. What if it's not about killing Giselle, but rather incapacitating her?" Merikh asks.
My dad frowns, his lips pressed tight together as he processes what Merikh is saying. I must admit, the idea of not needing to be the savior of all our species and our allies is appealing. There are many things I wanted in life, goals and aspirations, but being a hero was never one. And still isn't.
"What do you mean?" Caspian asks after a minute. "If Giselle lives, she will always be a threat. She will always come after Colette, or anyone who she sees as an enemy."
"I want to collect her ashes and store her in the ocean." Merikh says.
Everyone blinks like they are in a stupor, trying to wake themselves up. My mom watches us and after a minute, a sharp jab hits my ribcage and I hiss, rubbing my side. She scowls at me, quietly motioning for me to say something as Merikh stands waiting anxiously.
"H-how do we gather her ashes?" I ask him. "She is impervious to heat, so she won't burn."
"Phoenix's are not impervious to heat, they become heat." Ezrah says, speaking for the first time since Lauren's death.
The second the words leave his mouth, my eyebrows rise in alarm. Every time I have been around Giselle, the air is hotter than the last. She seems to be in a rush, forcing things to move faster, as if she won't be around to spur things on. Phoenix's are known for rising from the ashes. They burn up in a heat so intense even a dragon would cower, and then they are born again.
"You think she will evolve-is that even the right word?" I ask, looking around.
"Phoenix's seem to get hotter until the heat consumes them. It is their only downfall, at least that I know of, which, admittedly, is limited." Ezrah says. "Ash form is where they are most vulnerable. Is that correct Caspian?" Merikh asks, looking to my father for verification.
"From what I have been told as well, yes. That is correct." He responds, standing and pacing the length of the deck in thought. "How do you suppose we get her to go up in flames? It could take years for her to reach that heat on her own."
"She is close." I murmur. “Everything around her when her anger rises or her emotions run high gets unbearably hot. She must have been absorbing the dragon's heat when their emotions make them grow warmer. She can be around the dragons, but with their flaring temper, she has doomed herself."
Hope is beginning to spring to life in my chest as I bite my lip, gnawing on it as I process all the information and Merikh's idea. It might actually work, forcing her to end herself so we can make sure she is gone forever.
Zale and Caspian argue quietly to each other in some other language I don't understand while I stand from my seat and move closer to Merikh. His hand slips into mine, our fingers tangling together.
"I know it seems like a long shot, but if we can't kill her, the best we can do is make sure she can't come back again." He says, looking me in the eye. "What do you think?"
"Honestly? I think it could work. She is close to the next stage. Giselle was suffocating in the room, nearly drying me out, and I don't think it was entirely intentional. I think she expedited the war because she knows her time is running out."
"She is a creature of chaos. She thrives off of it, but it is also her downfall in this sense. That is the problem with chaos. There is never a plan and thus things eventually break down and crumble away." Ezrah says. "The very fact there is a plan is a step in the right direction."
Caspian yells something loudly at Zale, who snaps his mouth shut and looks away, his jaw clenched tight before he turns his angry gaze on Merikh. "How exactly do you expect to store said ashes?" Zale says, finally breaking out of the conversation with Caspian. "You have a plan, fine. But what about where it will go? Who will know about it and what it is? There are many factors that need to be considered in such a plan." Caspian frowns, but he stands next to Zale.
"We need to plan more than just ceasing a hopeful opportunity." He says grimly, his eyes settling on me. "You are not strong enough to take her on, even now."
A sigh escapes my lips as Merikh gives my hand a gentle squeeze in support.
“A jar will suffice, and I am sure there is a place in the siren kingdom where you store relics or things you wish to keep safely away from others,” I shrug. "Only the siren king will know, passing it down from king to king to guard and protect it. We will have the time to figure out the details after we have her ashes."
"If you get her to burn up," He says
with a stern look, then he exhales. "Look, I do not wish to be the person who makes such depressing observations, but we can not fight with you. Caspian is still recovering and only the royals can leave the sea for extended times. Everything will come down to you, not your Alpha or the Fae. But you." FindNovel.net
Zale points at me and I can feel my heart rate pick up. No matter how I look at it, no matter how much I don't want to be the one to save the world, there is no denying I have a cruciatrole in doing just that. Before, that might have been daunting, but with the bond flowing between Merikh and me, it is so apparent that I no longer have to do anything
alone. 
"I will be going." Caspian says. Zale makes an unhuman gurgling noise in his throat, a look of anger crossing his face before he storms off the deck.
“He seems upset,” Mom says as Caspian shakes his head.
"Zale gets angry quickly and cools off faster."
"You should go after him," she whispers, looking out at the water as Zale wades in, dropping into the water.
"So what now?" I ask, when my father doesn't respond to my mom. "Do we wait for her to come to us, or do we take the fight to her?"
Ezrah exhales, shoving his hands in his pocket before he clears his throat.
"I am not one for this type of thing, but I do often find the element of surprise is rather successful. May I suggest rally the allies and set up a meeting spot?" He offers. "I do understand there may still be the issue of trust between us, so I would recommend calling your Beta and setting the meeting up with him."
I watch Merikh as he slides me a small frown before he nods. He slips out the phone from his pocket. Clearly, he planned on making a phone call or expecting one soon. Merikh dials a single number and clears his throat as he places it up to his ear.
"Hayes?" I call out, stepping down the stairs closer to Merikh.
"Not quite," Johannes says. "But he is going to need you both. If you want him to live, that is."
###Chapter 110
Chapter 110
"Why do you have that phone?" Merikh grits out as he rushes toward the trees. Johannes puts his hand up in a display of surrender, but it does nothing to slow the raging lycan within.
"It's not what you assume," He says as I rush after my mate to remind him to remain calm, that he is still healing even if he is doing much better than before.
Merikh's claws dig into the vampire's shirt and skin, blood seeping through the white fabric as he frowns, but doesn't fight back.
"Answer my question!" Merikh roars and Johannes' lip twitches in defiant anger.
"He gave it to me as the dragons arrived,"
"What?" The word is a panicked whisper, carried my way on a breeze that, though warm, chills my very soul. Attacked? When and how? No one is supposed to know where the second pack location is, unless...
“Lauren,” I mutter, my hand flying to my head and my skin heats and my eyes burn with unshed tears. The stupid bitch wasn't just coming for me, she was coming to gloat, distract us from everything we have been separated from all because of my selfish choice to find more of myself.
"She visited you then?" Johannes asks, trying to hide the hurt in his voice.
It's so clear to see there was a connection between them, one beyond the tethering of the chosen bind they had. Deep down, Johannes cared for her. Yes, his ambitions maybe have mattered more, but even love can be twisted.
"She came for me, Giselle sent her." I offer as Merikh turns his head to the side, his pallor green and his eyes closed as if he is trying to not vomit. "Shit." Johannes mutters, a dry chuckle. "Lauren got you, didn't she?"
"She tried." Merikh grimaces. I reach out, extracting him from Johannes, who grumbles as he smooths his bloody and wrinkled shirt.
“I just bought this shirt." He sighs, then he looks up, his devilish eyes flicking between the two of us. "He looks like he has yet to decide if he intends to live."
“Ezrah fixed me up.” Merikh mumbles, his arms limp at his side as panic weaves its way through me.
"You trust a fae? After knowing their queen is a traitor?" He asks with a quirked brow.
"You expect us to trust you after you stole his mate and killed his father?" I retort, and he thinks for a moment.
"Touché, Luna." Then he sighs. "Though it might benefit you both to remember, I took some silly oath to a lycan king. I couldn't lie to him if I wanted to."
"Enough." Merikh says, his voice demanding though soft, as if he may slip away at a moment's notice. "What is happening with Hayes and our pack?" "Giselle is waiting for you to show up. The war has started, but it's on your pack's doorstep, waiting for you to invite it in or stave it off." Johannes says, looking directly at me.
I stand in silence, unaware of who is near me other than Merikh who I can feel through the mate bond. He is as unnerved as I am, unsure of what to do. There is no world in which I will ever leave his side again, which means we will be thrown into one with a war instead.
"And he gave me the phone so that he would not be tempted to call you before you were ready to come back."
"How long have they been there?" I ask him, my mouth falling open in shock.
"Three days."
"Fuck." I grumble, spinning on my heels and rushing back to the cabin. Merikh calls out for me but I'm on a mission to pack the few things we have and get our asses moving.
I hear frantic footfalls behind me
and I already know who it is. Without looking, I can feel the look of
concern in my back from my
v
mother's eyes. She doesn't speak,
though. Instead, after a few
moments of silence, she steps up
next to me and proceeds to help me pack. 
"Caspian is helping Merikh into the vehicle that the vampire came here in..." Melody pauses for a mere second before signing heavily. "Are you sure you can trust him?"
A chuckle breaks free as I zip the small bag in front of me and spin to face her.
"Trust is a strong word, but I trust the oath he took." I say, "and even if I didn't trust him, I would still be going."
Her footsteps retreat as she leaves me in silence and I sense Merikh enter the room, his arms sliding around me from behind. His cheek presses into mine, nuzzling toward my neck as he inhales.
"My little Luna has made up her mind?" He murmurs and I chuckle, dropping the bag and spinning, my hands closing up his chest and around his neck, my fingers grazing over Lauren's bite. A frown consumes my lips, and he exhales.
"I hate her." I whisper.
"She is dead." He reminds me.
I shake my head, letting him know
?
he is misunderstanding who I mean. Lauren was a problem, yes. But she was only a small part of the problem. She was annoying and a nuisance. But Giselle, Giate. I don't just want her gone; I want her dead, drowned, ability to come back gone forever.
"Giselle." I sigh. "She takes and hurts and-"
"She is as good as dead." He tells me, the sincerity in his eyes almost enough to convince me. He must sense my hesitancy as he frowns. "There is one thing I am good at," he says confidently, "and that is killing people who harm what is mine."
I bite back a smile.
"Is that the only thing you are good at?" I tease him and he chuckles, his pale complexion brightening a touch,
"I'm great at the things on your mind, and I will remind you of it..." his lips capture mine in a heated kiss, the warmth of his tongue slipping passed mine as I moan, pulling myself closer.
"Eh hem," a voice interrupts us and I glance over to see Ezrah leaning on the door frame. "We have to go. Giselle will only hold out for so long as she grows more frustrated every day."
"Is fish stick man not coming along?" Johannes asks, cranking the engine to life as he looks around the black interior for my dad.
"No,"
'my mom says. "Not yet, anyway. He needs to speak to his people, make arrangements, and see if they will allow him to leave again. Caspian is all about the rules."
Her words are dry and emotionless, but I can hear the tension in her voice. To say I am shocked by his absence seems like a huge downplay as we drive away and Merikh squeezes my hand tight.
"Are you ready for this?" He asks.
"I get the feeling I was made for this," I mutter, offering him a nervous smile.
"For war?" He arches a brow.
"For standing up to people who want to use those around them to better themselves. Giselle wants a war? Fine, but she is in for a tremendous surprise when she realizes she picked a fight with the wrong Luna.”
###Chapter 111
Chapter 111
*Merikh*
I hold Colette close, knowing that the second we arrive there will be no time to be close to her. There is a very real probability the people we love will die. Not all of them, but some, and potentially one of us.
The reality of that knowledge doesn't go unnoticed by anyone in the SUV as Johannes careens closer to where my pack was supposed to be hiding. It infuriates me beyond all things that I once again was blind to what Lauren might share with the enemy.
Granted, I had hoped the rumor of her existence had been false. The fact remains, I failed my pack again. Little mistakes that could change the tide of any war plague me at every turn and I need to force myself to be prepared for whatever outcome may arise.
"What is the plan?" Johannes asks, his gaze meeting mine in the rearview mirror.
"We need to get to Giselle. Get her alone and piss her off beyond belief." Colette says.
"Care to share why making her angry is so important?" He asks.
Colette launches into explaining the thought process behind it all as I zone out, preparing myself for every scenario.
"Alpha," Melody says softly, grabbing my attention. "Are you feeling up to this?"
Her question is quiet, while Colette and Johannes chat as if they have been on the same side for all their lives.
"I am fine," I tell her, even if it isn't true.
There is no choice but to be fine in our current situation. Yes, we could have taken another day and hoped Giselle would have been patient, but that is not how either me or my luna are. My brother and pack are on a fish string, teetering over the edge, and we are the only ones who can catch them.
"Will you be able to fight?" She asks, concern etched in her face. My gaze skirts over to Ezrah, who is very much pretending to be asleep.
"Of course I will." I frown, "Why don't you just ask what you are really trying to get to? You want to know if I will be able to protect Colette in my weakened state?"
She clears her throat and looks away, ashamed. I lean back on the seat, turning slightly.
"Let me be very clear. There is nothing, not even death, that will keep me from making sure she is safe." I whisper, and she nods.
"Good," her eyes drift to the window, and I feel she is holding something back, so I press her harder.
Colette slips up to the passenger's seat, speaking with Johannes about potential problems and what we anticipate while I pin her mother down with a pointed glare.
"Why did Caspian choose not to come?" I ask her, and she grows rigid. Her hands twist at the seat belt before she fiddles with the hem of her top.
"I already told you, you can ask Ezrah too if you like." She tries to hide her face, but she is too much like Colette, looking away when she feels she is getting caught.
"I am not asking Ezrah, I am asking you why you lied," I say, my tone harsh and I watch her throat bob as she swallows. "There is no way he wouldn't be here unless you asked him not to be."
"He is coming separately because we can't be in the same car." She admits, her hand reaching to the back of her neck. "It physically hurts to be near him. To know that all this time he never once thought that perhaps we weren't dead and he should search for us."
"There is more at stake than upsetting exes." I say with a disappointed frown.
"It would be less painful if we were exes." She whispers. "He didn't or doesn't feel the bond the way I do. There was no way for him to feel I was alive, I understand that, but...it feels like home. He feels like home, but that doesn't mean I am wanted there. Caspian spent ten years moving on from me, getting over me. I spent ten years wishing to die."
My anger flares up as I scoff and force back a disdainful chuckle. She convinced him to stay away because it's painful? Life hangs in the balance and she is more concerned with her own feelings than the thought of potentially losing a daughter again?
I whip around, leaning forward as I grab the phone Johannes had taken from my brother on his way to come for us. Thankfully, the phone for the Siren's is still in that cabin, and if I am lucky, Calvin will be there, and inform Caspian of what I sent through the message.
I shoot a short, and fire off a text, then slam the phone shut. Colette slides a glance in my direction, her brows tugging together in a silent question, but I ease her worry with a smile. I motion for her to crawl back with me and she grins, slipping over the armrest and into my arms, snuggling into my chest.
Her hand slips to my chest, a finger rubbing gentle circles over my heart before exhaustion takes over and I slip away into a deep sleep. There is nothing in my dream at first, no visions, no sweet memories to relive as it feels like I toe the line between consciousness and slumber.
Until I can feel a constant nagging, as if I am being tugged on like a fish finally hooked by an eager fisherman on the shore. My lycan tries to break into my mind, to wake me, but I am content.
At peace while doing nothing but merely existing with my mate in my arms. Until that hum of the bond is gone, ripped from my mind and body as panic settles over me.
The grip of cold death tears at my wrists, yanking and pulling on me as if it is struggling to separate me from the very life I ever refuse to step away from. My lycan howls loudly in my head, a distorted, distant sound as pain laces through my side. The world falls silent in the dark recesses of my mind as I try to understand what is happening.
Am I dead? Asleep, or maybe I am fighting off the rest of the demon vampire blood venom that was forcefully put inside of me? Then a fluttering blossom in me at my cheek, a wetness under my eyes and the sound of wind barreling through a concrete tunnel grows louder until I cry out in pain, covering my eyes and I throw my eyes open.
The world around me burns, the vehicle we were in up in flames as I blink and find Colette's tear-stained face. Her look of horror turns to one of sheer relief as she kisses my lips and hugs me.
"It's about damn time!" Johannes roars, a raging burn down the side of his pale face.
"What?" I croak, looking around in shock, taking stock of everything. "What the fuck happened?"
"The second we crossed the border, they attacked." Colette whispers, "They weren't waiting for us to talk or discuss things. It was always a trap."
Nothing makes sense as I try to shake my body awake, trying to reach out to my lycan, who still feels miles away. All I did was fall asleep. For what? Fifteen minutes at most and suddenly I wake up in a war zone.
"How long was I asleep?" I ask.
She frowns. "Eight hours,"
"And the attack happened? How long ago?" I ask, pushing myself up, ignoring the pain in my side that ripples up my body, making me shudder. "Feels like fucking forever and that is saying a lot coming from an immortal." Johannes responds, creeping over to us while keeping his head down. “Who pulled me out of that?" I ask, nodding to the melted and twisted metal.
"That was me," Johannes says, a smirk on his thin lips.
"I tried, but you were stuck, so I crawled back into try to free you—"
"Where is Melody?" I ask, my eyes wide as I force myself to sit up a little higher. "And Ezrah?"
"They went to sneak in to where Hayes and Leandra are. We thought she would be safest with him since they don't know he is no longer neutral." Colette says, pushing me back down.
“What's the situation?" I ask, gently taking her hand off my shoulder and forcing myself to sit up. Her hand grips to mine, and she bites her bottom lip, looking nervously at Johannes.
"Your wolfie zombies are out on patrol. For every damn one I take out, another pops up to take its place."
“Wait, no one else is coming for us? Not the dragons?" I ask, a thought occurring to me that clearly they haven't had the chance to consider.
"One dragon, it took out our vehicle
and then left. After that, it was a surge of controlled werewolves, but nothing more than that." Colette responds, popping her head up to look around. Then she slowly towers herself, her brain clicking with what I am thinking. "Holy shit." FindNovel.net
“What?” Johannes asks, sounding agitated to not be in the loop.
"They didn't know it was us." I whisper.
"Or it really is a trap and they want to confuse us." He shrugs. I frown and sigh heavily.
"Very fucking helpful." I mutter before I watch Colette closely.
"Maybe it is a trap, but if she wanted me from the very beginning, and she sent Lauren to where we were, then she must be expecting Lauren. Not a random black vehicle with
Johannes, who made it known, was against this war." 
"Eh," He shrugs, moving closer. "I wouldn't say I'm against it. It's more an 'enemy of my enemy' type deal."
"I don't care." Colette grits out. "The point is, they don't know we are here."
"Hell, I didn't even know we were here," I admit, and she bites back a laugh, shaking her head.
"We need to get to Hayes." She says softly, clearing her throat. "The question is, do we want to make our presence known or keep it a secret?"
"What kind of question is that?" Johannes snorts.
I assess Colette, noticing that glint of mischief in her eyes. The one that makes her brown eyes so much brighter and all the more difficult to disagree with anything she says.
"You want to announce our presence, don't you?" I ask, and she shrugs with a wry smile.
"What ever my luna wants, I promise to give her." I wink at her and she stands, helping me up.
"Let me guess, I am the one doing the dropping in, aren't I?" Johannes asks before he grunts and drags his hands through his hair. "Well fuck me, I can't really die, anyway. Might as well visit the evil queen."
###Chapter 112
Chapter 112
We creep toward the main area of the pack, where I know we have at least a defense of some sort. Well, I hope. In theory, once we hit pack grounds, we should have been under the safety of my pack, but clearly, things are a little more complicated than I hoped for.
I try to listen closely to the forest for sounds or lack thereof. The chittering of a squirrel or the silence of even the tiniest of insects to determine where the enemy is placed. But I hear nothing more than my heavy beating heart and the way my lycan seems to scream inside of me.
He feels locked away, as though he has been placed in an internal cage and we can't fully reach each other. It's strange and as much as I hate to admit it, the realization that Lauren's bite may have fucked us over is downright scary.
The vampire bite should have killed either me or my lycan. Whatever Ezrah did stalled the process, but if it had already started...if for some reason he stopped it after we began the separation of our soul, then I will always just be out of reach of my beast.
-Can you reach out to Hayes using the mindlink?-- Colette asks through ours. I frown, trying, but all I get is a static noise pulsing in my head that causes a stab of pain to my temple. I wince as I slam my eyes shut and shake my head.
-I can't-I tell her. Our eyes meet in the silence of the woods and I see the worry buried beneath the problem solving she is doing.
-It's not just you. I can't reach out to anyone in the pack-She says through our mate bond link.
-That just means Lily is close-I tell her and she nods, placing her hand on a downed tree as she propels herself over it.
There is a deep growl as I follow suit and land just in front of her. My eyes narrowed at the mangy wolf preparing to pounce on us. Its eyes rage in their telltale red as I inch forward, ready to fight him with bare fists if need be.
He lunges for me, gnashing teeth and drool hurling in my direction as I bob to the side, reaching out to catch him by the front paw. His back end lifts as I tug his front down, causing him to go down hard on his back with a thundering crack as his hind legs and lower back crash into the tree we had leapt over.
He whimpers and tries to crawl away with his front paws, a heavy whine as he realizes how unfortunate he is to have come across us alone. I saunter over to him, stooping low with a groan before I lift his head and quickly snap his neck, dropping his limp body to the ground. One less zombie is better for everyone in the equation of things. Possessed or not, the enemy is the enemy.
"Merikh!" Colette cries out in a hiss, her body stumbling into mine with a surprised groan as we both fall onto our asses.
Growling breaks out and I watch my mate shred her clothing as she shifts into her wolf form, tearing at the enemy we didn't even hear coming. I scramble to get up, catching a furry figure as it crashes into my side and I thud into a tree trunk, my shoulder popping like a balloon in a dart game. There is no room for crying out or whining as I immediately drop to my knees as the wolf flies for me again, colliding with where I was seconds earlier. My lycan screams, looking for a way out as I try to release him, begging him to somehow break free of my mind prison.
But I get nothing from him except the strength I have always had. A groan of frustration tears from my lips as I reach out with my good arm, gripping the wolf's tail and yanking hard.
He whips around, his rotting teeth snapping in my face as I lean back, then parry his attack with a fist to the muzzle. He whines before jumping at me again, this time taking me down to my back as I catch his sharp teeth in my forearm.
I push through the pain of my dislocated shoulder, barely getting the dexterity needed to get my thumb looped into the eyes socket. The wolf whines, trying to tear away from me, the whipping of his head back and forth popping my shoulder back into place with a jolt of pain followed by relief.
In his frantic flailing, I lose my grip, but I chase him forward, gripping his furry face with both hands as I slam my hard forehead to the tip of his muzzle. The bone shatters, his cry morphing into a strange snort of agony as I drop him and stumble off toward Colette.
With in a moment, I tackle the fucker
who was going for her from behind, digging my fingertips into his thick. fur and skin before I yank with all my might. Flesh tears open like a velcro strap in a shoe and warmth pools around my hand as I ramp up for another tug, removing the muscle and throat from its neck.
Colette stands, morphing back immediately into her human form, rushing toward me with a look of
worry on her face as she looks meet
oel. Pret
over like. It's strange, having someone fawn over you as if you are the weaker of the two. And supposed, right now, I may be, but I'm not a fan of it either way.
"Why didn't you transform?" she asks, a lilt of annoyance in her voice.
I arch a brow at her, noting the look on her face, the way she seems to think for some reason that without my lycan I am helpless.
"Did it look like I needed my lycans' help?" I ask her with a small scoff, and she narrows her eyes.
"We are trying to be fast and efficient. Being in lycan form would allow us to move faster." She says, making complete sense, which only frustrates
me.
I need to focus on getting us to
Hayes and preparing for the next part of our plan. Colette is right. We need to be fast and fighting in human form, though I am capable and effective. It is much slower.
However, it's not like I have a choice right now. 
"I can't," I admit with a tight clench in my jaw. Her eyebrows furrow in confusion as I sigh. "My lycan is...something is wrong, and we are disconnected. I can not get him to come out even with both of us trying."
Her eyes soften, and she frowns, stepping closer to me.
"Then we will get there when we get there." She shrugs, clearing her throat as if she is choosing to not make a big deal out of something that is a huge deal.
But this is what makes her an amazing Luna. She is choosing her battles, and this is not one we can fight right now. Our attention is needed elsewhere on more important things.
"It would be faster for you if—" I start to speak, but I stop when she scoffs and lets out a dry chuckle.
"If you think for a damn second I will leave you, then you are just as dense as you were when we first mated." She says, crossing her arms over her bare chest.
It takes an immense amount of effort to not look her up and down and get myself turned on, so instead I slip my shirt off over my head and move to her, gliding it over her as she slips her hands through the sleeves.
"I'm not sure dense is the word I would have used. Maybe stubborn, or a little "
"No, dense is the right word." She grins. "Now, let's move before we get hit by another group of lily's controlled shit fighters."
A chill runs down my spine, goosebumps rising on my arms as I hear a low hum of a growl. One not of a single wolf, but many. Colette peeks around my shoulder, her eyes filling with fear, then she rolls her shoulders and clears her throat.
"Too late."
###Chapter 113
Chapter 113
I don't look behind me as I spin her and give her a rough shove forward. Even without my lycan, I can run and fast. It's rare I am one to retreat. Shit, it's hardly happened more than once or twice that I can recall, but now is as good a time as ever.
"Move," I growl at her as she glances over her shoulder at me before her eyes grow wide and she sprints.
My legs move in stride with hers, catching up in a few steps, looking back to see creatures creeping on the forest floor toward us with unnatural speed. My heart pounds as I press my hand to her back, spurring her on faster.
"Move faster, Letty," I rush out. I feel her muscles move at my command. Her stride lengthens and her arms pump harder.
The growling grows louder and the sounds of branches snapping above us send a shiver through my body as I prepare for whatever made up beast Lily has drafted up using her dark magic this time around. I reach out to my lycan, searching for that connection, the one just out of reach.
"What the fuck is that sound, Merikh?" she hisses as she slows and ducks under a low hanging tree branch.
"Focus on moving." I mutter, rallying against the wall in my mind, keeping me from being able to turn around and just annihilate the beasts behind us.
I leap over a root, landing just ahead of her as I grab her hand and begin to pull her faster. If I remember correctly, there is a small ledge ahead, one that has a roaring stream at the bottom of it.
If we can just make it to it, make it over it, then it should buy us some time. Especially with Colette's abilities with water. She could erase the magic with a simple rain shower, but that would drain her and to do that this early would be a waste of her energy.
"Merikh..." she says in a small warning. She is tired of being told what to do, but I know looking back would only make her freak out.
"Just do not look back," I urge her as she groans and follows me. Her hand squeezes mine and I look at her as her body seems to vibrate.
"There is a powerful body of water close." She mutters, "I can stop them if you would just let—"
"No." I snap. "No, it is a good idea, but you need to save your strength. The last thing we need is to drain your water abilities before we absolutely must."
"Merikh, we might not have a choice." She says firmly, her gait slowing as I tug on her a little harder.
"I need you to trust me." I say, and I can feel her inner conflict before she releases and agrees.
"I do."
"Then get your ass moving and get ready to jump when I say jump." I rush out, looking back to see a lizard type beast at my heels.
"What the fuck is that?" Colette screeches
"Oh fuck," I grunt, kicking a foot back and colliding with its scaley nose. It hisses in pain, a warbling noise emitting from it before I finally see the telltale stone ahead.
“Just focus on running." I yell at her and she whimpers, her legs kicking as hard as possible as we close in on the ledge. It's only five steps away, now four, three...
"Merikh-" She gasps in surprise as I throw her forward and scream at her all at once.
"JUMP!" Colette flies across, as I leap slightly behind her.
She grunts as she rolls to the dirt covered ground and I land on my feet, barely over the edge, before my legs fly out from under me and I am falling. "No!" she squeals, her hand catching hold of my wrist as she thuds to the ground with lung crush force. She wheezes as she uses both hands to hold me tight.
My right leg feels incredibly heavy as a sticky, wet substance clings to me. Without looking, I know what it is. It's the fucked up weird lizard creature that is probably truly just a wolf, just bewitched. But right now, it feels real magic or not.
I look down, kicking at him with my free leg, trying to get the prickly slimy tongue to unwrap from my ankle. My anger rises as the others come to a stop, hissing and growling as they pass back and forth.
At least my plan worked for the most part. The magic washes away with water, so for them to jump and miss, they would be easier to kill, nothing more than a zombie wolf with no actual skills or fighting abilities.
I swing my leg back, slamming it hard into the jagged rocks, the creature making a pained sound as it tries to cling to me. Over and over again I grunt, the sway of my movements propelling it harder and faster until finally it releases me and falls into the water below.
"Lift my hands to the ledge," I say to Colette, the two of us finally breathing easy as she nods. She groans, lifting me a few inches as I move my hands to the edge and pull myself up, rolling onto my back, eyes closed as I breathe.
"See, that wasn't so bad." I mutter. Then I stand and dust off my chest that has minor cuts because of the rocks. My eyes scan around for Colette, who in the span of a moment has disappeared completely.
-Merikh-She calls for me through the mind link and I freeze. Colette is near. I can sense her, feel her, but the fear in her voice sets me over the edge. I can't lose her, not here, not like this.
-Where are you?-- I ask her, my head whipping around to catch her scent, hoping to figure out which direction to start in.
"She is here, alpha." I hear a feminine voice call out and I try to place it.
It is not a voice I recognize as either Giselle or Lily It comes from my left and I whip my head in that direction a glint in the trees as a silver dagger flickers in the waning sunset. Worry morphs into sheer murderous rage as saunter over, my hands slipping into my pockets to show Fam not a threat...yet.
"Let me guess, you want to deliver her to Giselle?" I sigh heavily and the woman seems to smile as I move closer and closer. She is a cocky bitch, one not afraid of a Lycan king, which means she must be a dragon.
"I want to know how she escaped." She grits out, moving into the light, a massive red raging wound cutting through her left eye that looks burned and dead.
"Ah. So you got punished for her escape, huh?"
"Someone helped her get out." She bites out.
"And you are?" I ask, and she scoffs.
"None of your fucking business. Right now, I need her answer-"
"I got her out." I say, leaning forward and shrugging my shoulders. "Simple as that,"
"There is a traitor in my horde." She hisses, "And she knows who it is."
"Eat shit, Jennifer. You killed my Gamma. Do you really think I will tell you shit?" Colette growls out.
She meets my gaze and I see the flicker of her eyes to the right. A blur of red flies toward her, a screaming rage tearing through the air as the dragon woman flies to the side and Colette falls to the ground before standing and rushing to me.
When I look up, I see Percy as he stands, his chest heaving as he places himself between Colette and this Jennifer woman. He paces from side to side, a sick maniacal laugh breaking from his lips as she looks at him, shocked.
"You fucking killed her?" He asks. She scoffs and looks past him. Pushing herself up from the ground.
"Colette, I will give you one fucking chance. I was going to let your little Alpha live but―"
"You talk to me," Percy roars. "I am the last thing you will see before you bleed out."
"Let me guess, that bitch was your mate?" Jennifer scoffs, getting ready to attack.
"My twin sister," he bites out, and she laughs.
"Well, if you fight anything like her, then this will be quick. Don't worry Colette, I will be back to torturing you in no time. We can play your favorite game, the one where I—"
“ENOUGH!" I roar, unable to hear another fucking second of what this fucker has to say about the things she did to my mate.
I should tear her apart, rip out each of her teeth and shove them down her own throat until they poke through and she drowns in her own blood. But Percy needs this kill more. He needs this to move on from the loss of his sister. And I need to witness every gory, glorious moment of it.
"Percy,” I say, my lip twitching with excitement as I bark out my command. "Kill this asshole."
###Chapter 114
Chapter 114
*Colette*
Percy's hand steams, smoke rising at an alarming rate, a grimace forming on his face as Jennifer tries to transform. A bright orange orb bounces in her throat, as if her flame is trying to break free to take over, and Percy is the only thing keeping it in. He lets out a pained scream as he releases her, but he doesn't back away as she gasps for air.
"We should go,” Merikh whispers, pressing at my lower back. My cheeks grow warm, my jaw clenching in frustration.
"The hell we will," I say, sparing him a moment, before gluing my eyes onto Percy once again. "She killed Penny, and then she tortured me for days. And what she did to my mom-"
My voice breaks and I clear my throat, focusing on Percy as he ducks under Jennifer's arm, gliding to the left as she lunges forward at him. Flames shoot from her mouth as she whips around, trying to catch him as he rolls away.
Merikh pulls me further from them, giving them space as I watch anxiously. We could join in, help him finish her and make this end faster. But I need to watch her suffer as much as Percy needs to be the one who kills her.
It won't fix us, hell it will probably only make us feel better for a moment, but when time is the only thing that heals pain, you need a hit of something to hold you over until that time comes.
This is that moment. That memory when I close my eyes and I remember how it feels to have her hit me, or the sounds my mother made screaming by Jennifer's hands, it will dull the ache. From a place that hurts to one that numbs, never erasing it, but at the very least feeling like we got fucking retribution.
"Percy will be fine. I have faith in his skill and his anger." Merikh says.
"I do too, but I need to see this," I whisper. Merikh's hand tangles with mine as he sighs.
"Then we stay and we watch her be destroyed."
Jennifer roars out, her head falling back as flames shoot straight up into the sky, the leaves of the trees near it recoiling from the heat before catching fire and falling to the ground.
Her skin grows scaly and her face morphs, an enormous head replacing hers as she grows longer and taller. I have seen a few varieties of dragons now, Teiran who was massive and other that are smaller, more like overgrown lizards.
Jennifer is an overgrown snake with legs, matching her personality in the most perfect way. Wings spawn out wide, as a slow flap sends wind tunneling toward us and she flaps faster, preparing for takeoff. Her eyes cut to me and I grin, knowing she made a fatal mistake.
She has underestimated Percy by taking her gaze off of him and giving him the opening he needs to ground her.
He sprints toward her wing as her legs lift off from the ground, both claws sinking into the thin, paper like veiny skin. She squeals in pain as his fingers rip through with ease, shredding her flesh before her swipes again and again. Small blood stained bits flutter to the ground like dragon confetti as she drops from the sky to the one side.
Merikh throws me aside by my hand, my side landing hard on the dirt ground with a whoosh of air knocking from me. I turn, wheezing as I watch her tail fly around haphazardly and see Merikh on the ground on the opposite side.
"Shit!" I hiss, forcing myself up as Percy leaps onto her back and she tries like hell to bounce him off.
She bucks and kicks like a wild horse. Percy tries to cling to her, but his claws glance off her thick scales and he slips down toward her neck. I rush toward Merikh who opens his eyes and tries to rise and move toward where the fight is and my stomach falls.
In the span of a second, he goes from having the upper hand to his shoulder being in her mouth as he wails out in agony. My hair stands on edge as I rush to stand, forcing myself to close my eyes and rely on my siren's abilities.
A crunch rings out and bile rises in my throat as I open my eyes and break into a run. Her back is to me, and Percy is nowhere to be seen from the angle. I slip under her broken wing, panic gripping at my throat as I pop up and see Percy laying on the ground, unmoving.
"No, no, no!" I ramble, my eyes misting with tears as my skin feels like it is crawling, every bit of me hyper aware of what the fuck is going on. Jennifer has taken out an entire family and tortured mine. I should have just helped him kill her. I should have just told him to end her and not play with his prey.
But then he moves, his head shaking as his lycan form stands, his right shoulder droops and his eyes a full black as he throws his head back and lets out a heartbreaking lycan howl.
Percy moves to her, and she swings her massive head toward him, her jaw at an awkward angle, and I see flames dripping from her mouth as if she can't open it to release them properly.
She stumbles to the side; her balance off from her wing and her dislocated jaw as she lands on a tree and her human form takes over. Jennifer cries out in pain as Percy limps toward her.
When he reaches her, he grabs her by the ankle, dragging her toward the center of where they had been fighting and he transforms back into his redhead self.
"The weapon you used on my sister was fucking barbaric." He growls yanking her toward him as he kneels down and leans over her. "So fam going to have to get creative with what I use." 
"If she had been trained better-" She struggles to get the words out and I growl in anger.
"You outnumbered her." I hiss, and she turns her pale pained face toward me.
Percy grasps her cheek, and she cries, trying to push him away.
"Look at me when I am killing you," he says, leaning close to her face.
I glance around, looking where Merikh had been laying only to find him gone. My eyes widen in shock as I reach out to feel him, but I get nothing.
"Merikh?" I rasp out, my mouth going
dry as my stomach feels queasy. His hand touches mine and the sparks make me relax as I look up at him. He appears to be okay, his eyes clearer than they had been before we left the ocean for home.
"This is the moment you have been looking for," he whispers, giving my hand a squeeze as I inch closer.
Percy grabs a stick, holding it over her chest as she cries, trying to fight him off, losing to his determination inch by inch until her cry grows into a frantic wailing and she begs.
“No, no. Please, I will help you-" she sputters out, blood flying from her lips.
"You want to help?" Percy asks, then he chuckles, turning his head to me where she looks and begs for freedom I won't give her. "Do you need any help, Luna?"
"I have all the help I need." I say with a sneer, moving closer. "After all, it was your very own prince of the dragons who helped me escape."
I whisper the words, and her eyes go
wide with shock and fury. For a moment ↓sèe a spark, one filled with the will to live, but Percy wipes that thought from her as he plunges the stick through her chest fully and for good measure, he twists it then
stands. 
"Burn where you belong, bitch." he spits the words at her, tears streaming down his cheeks as he turns and looks at Merikh and I.
"Feel better?" Merikh asks. Percy looks away and clears his throat before slowly nodding.
"For now," he admits, looking at me. "And you, Luna? Do you feel a little better?"
"I feel...relieved." I admit and give him a soft, reassuring smile.
"Good." he says, limping toward us. "Now, let me get you both to our safe zone. Hayes is champing at the bit to let you take over and lead this fight."
“Good." Merikh says, sounding relieved. “We are eager to lead it, Aren't we my little Luna?"
I grin up at him, walking along behind Percy and pulling Merikh along with me.
"The sooner we start, the sooner we can get it over with and live our lives."
###Chapter 115
Chapter 115
Hayes paces the border, his hands in his pocket and his eyes up toward the sky. He is anxious, his inability to sit still and his erratic movements as he checks his watch and scans the forest are all telltale signs. And if that wasn't enough to let us know, he lets out an enormous relieved huff of air before he grins.
"Have a nice little vacation, brother?" He teases, moving toward us in wide strides before he drags Merikh into an embrace.
"So relaxing it felt like I was going to die," Merikh grins.
His eyes slide to me with the glint of a hidden joke, no doubt referring to that pesky bite still noticeable over my mark. Something I will no doubt have to fix soon enough. Once we have the time to think about something other than just trying to keep ourselves and everyone else alive.
"Not funny," Hayes frowns. "Ezrah filled us in on your run in with Lauren. How are you feeling?"
"Heavens, I am fine." Merikh groans. I am half tempted to tell Hayes that Merikh is struggling with lycan but I choose to keep that between him and I for now. "Tell me, what has been happening here? Where is our line? Do we have other packs coming to our aid?"
"Others have arrived, but most of our reinforcements are stuck on the outer banks on the other side of the dragons. They have made it known that no one gets in." Hayes frowns. "I hate to have to tell you this, but your cousin did not make it."
Hayes looks at me with a small frown and I furrow my brows before I realize what he means. My eyes grow wide in shock and my mouth falls open.
"Leslie is dead?" I ask, a pang of sadness growing in my chest as I think of the unborn baby in her belly, the one that may or may not have been Grady's.
"Alpha Bentley felt she needed to redeem herself after lying about being pregnant to get out of being mated to Alpha Merikh. Even though we all know he would have stolen you and jilted her if it had come down to it," Hayes explains.
Merikh wraps his arm around my waist, pulling me close as I struggle with the emotions rattling through me. Or rather, the lack thereof. Leslie was my family, not that I knew it until much later, but still. She was a large part of my life, and her actions lead me directly to Merikh's arms, but apart from that...I feel nothing. There is no sadness in her end for me.
"And my uncle?" I ask.
"He is holed up in his pack, mourning, I assume." Leandra says with a soft smile, stepping up next to Hayes. I nod in understanding. It doesn't surprise me in the slightest that he would hide from the fight and use his daughter's death as an excuse to cower, rather than fight back.
Hayes finally looks past us, his eyes bulging when he looks at Percy and pinches the bridge of his nose. I look back, watching my gamma, who clearly needs medical care as he takes his stance in his given spot just behind me, protecting my back.
"We need a healer to meet us in the pack house immediately." I say, looking around for anyone to listen. A warrior takes heed of my command and sprints away from us at full speed.
"Luna, I am fine." Percy says, but the pain morphs, his voice making it higher and breathy.
"I am not asking, Gamma." I say, walking back to him and gripping onto his uninjured arm. "You were a dragon's chew toy. So you will get seen, understand?"
"Yes," he says begrudgingly.
"When we have time, I would really like you to paint the visual of Percy being a chew toy, but there is a lot to fill you both in on." Hayes sounds exhausted, the dark circles under his eyes noticeable for the first time since meeting the Beta.
Leandra slips up to his side, glancing up at him lovingly as he returns her look. Then they face us and Hayes falls in next to Merikh as we are guided to the heart of the pack.
I can feel a rumbling under my feet, one no one else seems to notice as I inhale and then slowly exhale, reaching out to the earth, my siren searching and my wolf calming to a near slumber.
Then I feel it. The rushing of water grows stronger with every step I take toward the pack. It soothes my soul to know it is here, so close to me. I can feel the raw power of it as my nerves tingle and my fibers seem to hum with glee. The ocean water did wonders for me, but fresh water, untouched and from the earth, has a wildness that sings to me. One that gives me hope that we can do this.
Grunting and yelling echoes toward

us as we make it into the pack's center. Some Warriors train, sparring with each other while the others stand in line under a tent, grabbing food that is dished out with speed and precision. It's not what would imagine before a war with their mates and children laughing and playing to the side.
vel.
But then again, the war wasn't meant to be here in the first place. This was supposed to be the haven where families would remain away from danger while waiting for warriors to show up after the battles. Eyes wander toward us, lighting up in pleasant surprise as they give soft bows and Carry about their way.
Being back surrounded by our
people sends a shiver down my spine as I smile, breathing in deeply. This is what it is like being home. Being of two worlds is strange and new, but being here, with my pack and with Merikh is a solid reminder that these are the people if I had to die, I would willingly die for.
I notice how Merikh seems to lumber, his eyes closing longer than they would in a normal blink as we approach the house, slowly climbing the stairs. "You should rest," I say to Merikh, sensing his exhaustion as his feelings tiptoe the line into mine. He has been exhausted since Lauren's little attack and while I know he is still healing, there is a small fear he will waste away into nothing if he doesn't recover fully.
"I am fine," He murmurs, arching a brow. "Unless you are saying you want to go to our room."
"Merikh, you need to rest. Maybe it will help you with your ly-"
"Hayes, let's talk in the kitchen. I need food, but I don't have the time to sit and eat without talking." He says, changing the subject, his eyes sliding to mine with a small look of guilt.
“Oh, thank heavens." My mother's voice sounds through the hall as we inch through the door. She pulls me into a tight embrace, her heart pounding as she holds me close and pulls back, cupping my face in her hands.
“Mom, we are fine." I sigh and she looks at Merikh, reaching out and taking his hand to give it a good squeeze.
"I see that now, but I was worried. Especially considering the state of you," she says, looking up at Merikh who clears his throat and looks away. Hayes eyes him curiously, but he knows better than to ask questions right now.
"How about you two talk for a bit and I will take mom for a walk around the border." I say, tugging Merikh down as I press my lips to his cheek. "Mind link me when you are ready to rest."
"Colette," he says with a frown. “I promise, I am okay."
"Then you can explain to Hayes how you were bitten by Lauren and almost died." I say, giving him a sly grin, and he groans.
"Okay what?” Hayes says, alarmed. "I heard about the fight and but near death?"
I rush off with my mom's hand in mine, my mate giving me an unsatisfied frown as I make it out of the house.
"I don't know where the border is." My mom reminds me as I drag her down the front steps.
"We aren't looking for the border yet." I inform her and she exhales.
“So then, what are we looking for?" She whispers.
"We are checking on Percy, and then we are going to see if we can find Ezrah. Johannes is going to meet with Giselle, and that is when things will really be set in motion."
"I'm not sure I understand...” she admits and I shake my head, grabbing her hand.
"I want to know exactly where Giselle is, which means trying to get eyes on our vamp friend." I shrug. "And before you say anything, Merikh knows exactly what is going on, but what he has to do is equally important."
###Chapter 116
Chapter 116
*Merikh*
"Shit, Merikh." Hayes exhales, dragging his hands through his hair.
He turns to face me, his eyes tired and his shoulders slumped. I have asked too much of my brother, constantly leaving him at the helm of things without a thought of what weight I am laying on his shoulders.
"This will all end soon," I assure him, picking at the remnants of the plate we brought with us from the kitchen.
"You mean if it all goes according to your insane plan?"
A chuckle rumbles from my lips as walk over and take a seat on the office couch, watching him process everything I have laid at his feet. I don't need his approval or his understanding, but I respect him and his opinions on all things. Well, maybe more now than I did before Colette helped shape me into a better version of me.
"What about any of this isn't already insane?" I say and he snorts a half laugh before walking over to me and dropping onto the couch on the other end of me.
"So, you think this will work?" He asks after a minute. "I mean, what does Giselle actually want? First she votes Hybrid's can't be around, then she tries to kill Colette, then she kidnaps her and wants her to join her and now she is leading a war to what? Kill us all. To what end?"
I shrug, not sure how to answer him. This is something I have done nothing but think about since everything has happened. None of it makes sense unless I just go back to the nature of a Phoenix. A creature of chaos, is what Caspian said. Perhaps breeding it gives them life?
"I don't think she knows what she even wants, other than just straight mayhem." I say truthfully.
"How do you know if she will spontaneously combust? Find it in some lost magical book? Educated guess? Talk to someone wise and really old?" Hayes chuckles at the words 'spontaneously combust,' shaking his head. It sounds just as insane to his ears as it does to everyone else's. "Educated guess," I mutter, my body feeling heavy and eyes itchy.
Exhaustion has been chasing me since Lauren's little nick to my neck. It feels as if no amount of sleep truly lets me wake rested, but then again, maybe now that the worst has passed, I will be able to catch some sleep.
"Oh great," Hayes says sarcastically. "A surefire way to win any war is to make educated guesses on how to kill the enemy. Where could this possibly go wrong?"
"Sometimes the best plan is a crazy one." I say, hiding a smirk.
"You, my dear brother," he sighs heavily as he stands and walks over to me, reaching out to help me up. "Have always been the better one with crazy ideas. I have always been the one a little more grounded. It's why our dynamic works so well."
"This will work, Hayes." I try to assure him, but I can see his hesitation.
The flicker of fear and twinge of tiredness behind his genuine smile. My brother has every right to be scared and worried. We all do. War isn't a game, it's a tragedy, one that in this case has become necessary.
"I believe you will find a way to make it all work out," He says with a smile. "Now, let's go find your Luna and get you to bed."
A flicker of panic runs through me, and I clear my throat, shaking my head of sleepiness. The last time I fell asleep, I woke up to absolute chaos. Flames around us, the vehicle in shambles and people missing. What happens if the war breaks out and they yet again can't wake me up? "Yes," I say, giving him a tight-lipped smile. "Let's find Colette."
The moment we step into the lightly light hallway I hear frantic voices of people downstairs. Hayes and I rush forward, not running but moving with purpose as we make our presence known and come closer. The moment I round the corner, I stop in my tracks and grin on my face.
“Alpha Merikh is in a meeting with Beta Hayes." Leandra insists the tall, graying man groans in annoyance.
"Damn it, lycan. I am the King of the damn Sirens!" He roars. “First, you won't tell me where my mate is and now you are telling me my daughter's mate is unavailable to me? What can you help me with?"
"Sir, I mean...your majesty?" Leandra fumbles, trying to address him before she heaves out a heavy sigh. "Look, I don't know what they are discussing, but it is important for our kind that things be discussed leading up to this inevitable fight. I am sorry your mate is missing-"
Her face falls and her eyes grow wide as she looks up at him.
"Y-y-you're Luna Colette's dad." She swallows roughly, closing her eyes as she squeezes them tight.
"Yes, he is." I say, moving from the door frame and walking in. Caspian spins to look at me, and the shock of his appearance hits me in the face. Dried blood is caked to the side of his face, a large gash at his hairline and a burn from the tip of his chin down the front of his neck looks angry and painful. I move to the chairs, pulling one out and motioning for him to sit.
"What the hell happened?" Hayes asks. It is obvious he had the same treatment we did entering the pack, but I want to know his story, who or what he dealt with and how long ago it happened.
"And why the fuck weren't we notified that someone entered the pack grounds?" I roar, looking over at Leandra, who still stands with her eyes shut, her hand on her chest as she heaves for air, slipping down to her knees. Hayes is next to her in a second, his hands on her shoulders, stroking her.
"Lea, what's wrong?" He whispers, trying to tilt her chin to look up at him. He touches her skin and yanks it back. His body grows rigid, and he looks up at me with sheer panic on his now pale face.
"What?" I ask, reaching out to touch her forehead. I feel nothing as I frown and look at Hayes, confused.
"I can feel her struggling..." He
whispers, his eyes meeting mine, a
flicker of red leaching into his
usually gray eyes. He shakes his
head, slamming his palm to his eye
sockets as he groans and falls
backward onto his ass.
"Hayes!” I say, rushing to him, gripping his head between my hands and forcing him to look up at me.
“What the fuck is happening?" Caspian asks behind me, but I don't even know how to explain what the hell is going on. How the hell can I, when I don't even know?
-Fae King Elm is here to see you, Alpha Merikh-A warrior says through the mind link.
"Elm is here," I tell Caspian as he reaches down and grabs Leandra.
"Good, maybe he can sort this fucking mess." He mutters. "Let's move them to a couch or something."
I lift Hayes with a grunt and carrying him to the living room down the hall, bypassing Caspian, who waits for em to show him where to go. We lay them down on opposite couches, Hayes groaning and trying to get up.
"Lay the hell back down." I order him and he glares at me as he does so.
"There is something in her head, something breeding bad thoughts-" He groans, his eyes squinting as if his head feels like it will explode. "It's not her..."
"Is it possible they didn't get Lily out of her head all the way?" I ask Caspian, who plops into a chair to the side, looking defeated.
"Who knows anymore?" he grumbles. "Our best bet is waiting to see what Elm says when he arrives. It is very clearly Lily's doing or her hold...the eyes are too familiar for it not to be."
-We found her and Johannes-Colette says through the mind link.
-Good. Now get back here, Caspian is injured and something is wrong with Hayes and Leandra-l tell her, not bothering to hide my distress about it
all.
"Colette and Melody are on their way back. We have a location on Giselle." I sigh, moving over to Leandra, who cries uncontrollably.
There is a knock on the door, and I jump up, running to open it. Elm stands there looking fierce in all brown leather, a stern look on his face that seems to hide a sadness in him.
"I need your help.” I tell him and he frowns, but nods.
Elm follows me to the living room, and he sighs, his eyes full of knowing as he nods.
"I should have warned you earlier,
but I trusted no one to inform you
but myself" He pinches the bridge of
his nose. "Lily was stripped of her title, which weakened her abilities, but she had grown too strong. I have been hunting for her."
"Hunting her?" Caspian asks, almost like he is disgusted by the term.
"When you make yourself an enemy, you become my prey, Caspian." He frowns. "Lily has been found and is being tortured as we speak."
I furrow my brows in thought.
"Then what is happening to them?" I ask. "Hayes was never under her control."
“Dark magic is unpredictable and
they share a mind link. When they accepted the bond, my best guess is
Hayes also accepted the part of her that Lity invaded...She is desperately trying to cling to any and every hold she has in order to save herself." FindNovel.net
I scoff and pace away before spinning to look at him.
"Then kill the bitch already!" I roar.
"We need information from her "
"We need nothing but her hold gone from everyone she has fucking ruined."
Hayes writhes in pain as he falls off the couch, crawling over to Leandra, reaching for her hand.
"If you won't do it, I will." I growl, standing in front of him, no longer asking but demanding. "End this. End her."
###Chapter 117
Chapter 117
Caspian enters the kitchen looking a little better than he had when he arrived. He rummages in the fridge looking for anything he can find to eat as I sit with a cup of warm tea, waiting for Colette to get back.
"How are Hayes and his mate?" He asks as he closes the fridge door.
I shrug. “As good as can be, I suppose we are lucky that Colette and I arrived when we did."
"Did you have as warm of a welcome as I did?" He asks, walking over with a pint of ice cream and a spoon. I arch a brow, watching him with curiosity. "Ice cream?" I ask him skeptically and he just stares at me as he opens it and spoons a bite in.
"There are many things I love about being up here. This is one of those things." He explains as the front door opens. I stand up, waiting anxiously for Colette to walk through, even though I know with every fiber that it is for sure her. But that doesn't matter. There is nothing better than physically being able to have eyes on her.
"We came as fast as we could." She says, a soft exhale when she meets my gaze, her body relaxing as she moves to me as I lift my arms. She melts into me, her embrace feeling like home as I fill my lungs with her scent.
"Are you okay?" Melody asks Caspian as she moves past me.
My lips find the top of Colette's head before I look up to watch Caspian look up from his ice cream with a look of surprise on his face, spoon in his mouth.
“Me?" He asks, removing it and swallowing roughly.
"Yes,"
“Uh, I'm okay. Nothing I couldn't handle." He says, sounding like he is trying to boast. I shoot him an amused look, and he clears his throat. "Elm is here, Colette."
She breaks our embrace too soon, as I slip my arm around her back, seeking her touch at every turn.
“Is he still here? What did he say" She asks, looking around for him.
"He will be back." Caspian says. "Right now, he is with Hayes and Leandra, trying to help them."
"What is wrong with Hayes and Leandra?" Colette breaks in, her eyes wide with concern.
I exhale, shooting a look at Caspian.
“To make a long story short, Elm has captured Lily and they are apparently torturing her. Lily still has a fragment of a hold on Leandra and through the mate bond that extends to Hayes as well. She is struggling to hold it together." I explain.
Colette's face grows pale and I can feel her worry through the bond as it grows.
"What about Percy?" She whispers, as if it is a thought for herself she didn't realize she spoke aloud.
"The healers would have told us if something was wrong with him." I reassure her, though it would be a lie if I said it didn't unsettle me to think he was struggling, like Hayes and Leandra.
"So, what do we do now?" Colette sighs heavily. "We know where Giselle is, and now we know where Lily is and heavens willing, she will soon be dead."
"You need to make the first move," Elm says, entering the kitchen with a grim look on his face as he meets Colette's eyes.
"We have the element of surprise right now." I remind him. "With you having Lily under lock and key-"
“Lily's abilities far surpass the power of a dungeon or pain." Elm scoffs. “She still has control over the wolves in the area. I do not mean to be rude, but wolves are much easier for her to control and since she has had them under her spell for so long, it is easier for them to give in rather than fight her presence."
"Hence me saying she needs to be dead, Elm." I grit out, striding toward him with a glare. Elms scowls at me as he crosses his arms over his chest as if challenging me..
“It's not as simple as slitting her throat." He shoots back at me, his eyes filled with annoyance. “There is a process when it comes to magic.” "You all were so fucking opposed to a hybrid existing and yet you can maintain this level of magic and power with no one checking in on your kind?" "Our kind has never been one with temperament issues or need for control." He hisses at me.
I roll my eyes, done with the excuses and the blame. This whole fucking war started because of Colette's existence, or so everyone keeps saying, but the truth is his own queen is the one who began all of this, not mine.
"Says the Fae King with the traitorous-" Colette steps between us, stepping me back away from Elm as she turns and looks between us, frustration growing.
"Enough." she says with a firm tone. "What matters is defeating Giselle and restoring everyone who needs it from Lily."
"The moment Lily is gone, Giselle will panic." Caspian says. "The hold on those under her spell will release, and she will lose the majority of her forces."
My lips press together as I think and look around the room.
“Let Lily go, have Ezrah follow her." I say after a moment of silence.
No one says anything, but their eyes skirting around to each other clues me into their thoughts. They all think I am crazy, but what we need right
will look for Lily eventually,
now is time to recuperate cont
especially as we get closer to the big fight that is inevitable. If releasing Lily can buy us just a few hours, then we need to take what we can get.
"Why?" Elm asks, but he seems less hostile, more receptive.
"To buy time." Colette murmurs, "So we can maintain our element of surprise and then, when we are ready, launch our own attack?" “Aren't we better off with her coming to us?" Melody asks. “Isn't the whole plan to make her go berserk and panic until she explodes?" "What better way than to surprise her where she is?" I tell her.
"And why do we need Ezrah to follow her?" Elm asks, arching a brow in interest.
"I want eyes on the enemy." I say with a scoff, "There is no way in hell I would let her go and just allow her to be free. When the moment comes that, we need her dead so we can win, Ezrah will be the one to execute it."
"I will be the one who ends her." Elm argues. I see a flicker of panic and anger on his face. "She's my queen, my problem."
"I thought she was your ex-queen?" I say, and he rolls his eyes, scoffing.
"I do not have the time or energy for your games and hidden meanings, Alpha Merikh. You think I will allow her to live or that I am not trustworthy, correct?" He asks, and I shrug.
I mean, Elm isn't wrong. Trust is something that is fostered and earned, and though he has done good things and my mate trusts him, I am not sure I feel the same way.
"Maybe."
"Well, I don't trust Ezrah," Elm says with a frown. "Think about it. He is everywhere all the time. In everything and he has carried all the plans out with his messages he has delivered, he is the bridge between all of this."
"Ezrah has been a friend to me, someone I trust and respect." I shoot at him.
"So then you see my point? He befriended an outsider of the council. Someone deemed the enemy he took as a friend. Perhaps he feels the same way about Giselle or even my Lily?" Elm says.
“Merikh,” Colette says my name softly, walking to me and taking my hand in hers. “I don't know that I fully trust Ezrah, either.”
I see the turmoil on her face, that she wants to trust him, but she just can't.
"Then who the hell do you think we send to follow her?" I scoff. "Or do you think we should just let her panic and charge on her tonight?"
She looks away and clears her throat before looking back.
"I think we take three hours to rest, and then we surprise her. Elm will head back to where they are holding Lily and he will finish her. It is his right, it is his duty to all of us and his people." I huff in anger, though I see the wisdom in her plan. "As hard as it was for you to do it with Lauren, you needed that closure." FindNovel.net
"Fuck." I groan, my eyes itching with exhaustion. Her hand glides up my cheek and took into her tender eyes, reassuring me that this is the right way. And for yet another time, I defer to my wise and strong Luna to lead us while I struggle with my recovery. 
"We got this, Merikh." She whispers. "You don't have to trust them. Trust me, only me."
"I do, always." I reach up and cover her hand with mine, removing it to kiss the inside of her palm. Then I turn to the others and drag my free hand through my hair.
"Elm, you do what you must with Lily to make sure she is incapacitated. The rest of you all, in three hours, we will go hunting for a rare bird. What you do with that time is up to you. I plan to spend it with my mate."
###Chapter 118
Chapter 118
*Colette*
I lean back against Merikh's warm bare chest, the water from the tub tinkling with the soft movement as he wraps his arms around me. My stomach flutters at his hold, his hand splaying across my water covered stomach, a soft stroking of his thumb right below my belly button. I close my eyes, relishing the way the bond seems to electrify my entire body.
"How are you feeling?" I murmur, my voice groggy as my head falls to his shoulder and I tilt my chin up toward him.
Merikh leans to the side slightly, looking down at me, his eyes scanning my face with a ghost of a smile. Then he leans down, and presses and tender kiss on the tip of my nose before he presses his cheek to mine and releases a heavy sigh.
“I am tired,” He admits, though the throbbing part of him at my back says the exhaustion hasn't completely shut off all parts of his brain. Then again, perhaps that is less of a brain response and more of a physical one.
"Mmm, understandable." I say, sighing contentedly. "Once the water grows cold, we can get some sleep."
"Hmm," his chest rumbles and I grin to myself, knowing exactly where his mind is going. Sleep sounds glorious. It always does when I am in his arms, but the thought of him slipping in and exhausting ourselves a little more is always one that's alluring.
"Hmm, What?" I tease, biting my lip as my cheeks grow heated.
"Sleep." he whispers. "Is that all you are thinking about, my little luna?"
"There is a lot on my mind." I say, wrapping my hand over his wrist as my left arm snakes up behind me and around the back of his neck.
My fingers slip down his smooth skin, entwining with his, as I creep his palm down my belly, lower and lower. Until I stop and allow his movements to take over. Merikh slips his hand right where I crave it, my breath hitching as he growls in my ear, nibbling on my sensitive lobe.
I nearly jump out of my skin when his thumb strokes me, a gasp tearing from my lips as I writhe into him, my buttocks, bucking back into him as he chuckles and lowers his head to my neck, his lips sucking and teeth teasing as he slips a finger in and I grip his neck harder, a moan on my lips as I whisper his name.
"I've barely touched you, my love," He murmurs, amused. I let out a raspy chuckle and wiggle against him, making him groan once more as he deliciously assaults me below.
"It never takes much with you," I breathe and he hums in delight.
I can feel the cusp of my enjoyment rising. Every stroke, ever deep plunge with exploring fingers driving me toward that edge. Instead of allowing it to come, I tear away from him, whipping around water splashing all over the floor as I hammer my lips into his. His needy fingers don't miss a beat as they move to my ass, gripping me tightly and pulling me flush to him as I slip my tongue between his plush lips.
I slide my wet body up his, landing him at my entrance, but the tub is too small for me to straddle his massive frame and I frown up at him. Merikh shakes his head with a sexy grin, creating the most glorious dimples on his cheeks. Then he lifts me, spinning as he places me where he had been resting before he raises me up and places me on the edge.
I rest my back on the marble wall behind me, as he rises to his knees and, with a single finger, he presses my knees apart, revealing me to him. I shudder in embarrassment and anticipation. A flush on my cheeks burning hot as I try to look away.
"Eyes on me, Colette." He insists in a gravelly voice. "I want to see what this does to you."
I snap my brown eyes to meet his emerald orbs, nothing but sheer need and adoration in those green eyes for me. Then, without breaking our gaze, he lowers down into the water and places his head between my legs.
"O-oh...oh f-f-fuck" My voice quivers as he works magic and my head falls back, my hips tilting forward, needing more searching for the warmth of him desperately. He chuckles against my flesh and it nearly sends me into a spiral of ecstasy before he slows down and I look down to catch him watching me.
"You like this?" He asks, pulling away before biting the inside of my thigh as he presses his fingers into me.
"Hell yes." I gasp, "Yes.... please don't stop,"
I am a begging puddle of water in need of more of him, all of him, and he knows it. His fingers disappear and his hands glide up my outer thighs, gripping me tight as he yanks me into his face, a ravenous sound coming from between my legs as they shudder.
My hand reaches for his beautiful head of hair, twisting into his brown locks, holding him in place. Then he stops, tearing away, wiping his face as he tugs me down from the ledge, leaving me blinking and distraught.
“What happened? Did I do something wrong?” I ask, reaching for his face, searching him for anything, then he grins mischievously.
"I want you to ask me if you can come." He whispers, and I scoff. Recalling the way I made him beg me for it when I was punishing him.
"And what did I do to deserve such punishment?" I ask him and he lets out a laugh.
"I am not punishing you, my love. But I am asking that we can redo our mating. We finish together at once and we remark each other." He says.
I knit my brows together, reaching out and stroking his cheek, my heart filling with unbridled love. Our initial mating, though satisfying, was less than what it should have been. We have come so far from then, grown so much as a pair, as an alpha and a luna.
"Why?" I ask him, needing to know his answer.
"Because I love you." He shrugs,
ie
rising from the tub with me in his arms. He sets me down, grabbing a towel and wrapping it around me before he turns and looks me in the eye. "trust you, and in the off chance that something happens when shit goes down, I want to feel your fresh mark, not Lauren's bite, on my neck." FindNovel.net
“Say no more.” I whisper, taking his hand and pulling him to me.
My hands fly up over his neck as I pull him down and close the gap between our lips. I consume the words he spoke, hungrily devouring every breath he gives me as I slip my tongue into his mouth.
He growls, the towel he has just placed on me slipping away as he lifts me up and walks me to the bathroom counter, pressing my ass onto the cold granite.
My legs wrap around his waist as he lines up, and then he presses my shoulder back as I lean into the walt mirror behind me. He eyes up my bare breasts, his tongue flicking out to lick his lips like a beast's eyes up its Then he grips my hips and thrusts into me with a roaring grunt.
"Fuck!" I cry out, the pleasure and surprise of him filling me suddenly overwhelming as I gasp and my hands fly out to hold me up.
"Look at me," He says, driving into me again, his hand slipping between us as he strokes me and gently rolls his hips, grinding up and into me. "I am yours."
I tilt my head, a small smile on my lips before he hits a glorious spot and my face contorts in ecstasy.
"You are mine." I whisper, my eyes closed.
He lifts me, holding me close to his
chest as I bounce gently while he moans and carries us to the bed. He crawls onto the bed, his back hitting the comforter as he holds me on top of him I sit up, straddling him and I drop onto him, rolling my hips. My hands slip up to my wet hair as I twist it up and hold it above my head. 
"Let me know when you are close so I can mark you," I whisper to him. His hands explore my body, the zip of the mate bond flying through my
nerves.
"You are in charge, my queen." He says, his eyes full of passionate blaze when he gasps and strokes my center as I ride him. "Make me when you please."
The second the rods leave his mouth, I lean forward, my teeth sinking into his neck as he returns the favor. Our bodies convulse his arms, pulling me impossibly close as we both shudder and moan. As I pull away, I feel lightheaded, a darkness dotting my eyes as I slump to the side.
"Shit, Colette," Merikh mutters, yanking me to his chest as my breathing grows ragged and I try to look at him. "What the fuck is happening?" "I don't feel very well," I tell him, my hands growing cold, and my heartbeat slowing down.
As quickly as the wave came on, it disappeared. My heart beat kicking up and my body growing hot once again. I shake my head, sitting up straight and heaving for air. Merikh watches me with unfiltered worry.
"What is it?" He asks, and I touch my forehead.
"I don't know, but it's gone now," I mutter. "I feel better."
"I do too..." Merikh says, his brows pulled together as he touches his neck. "I mean, I feel better than I have since Lauren bit me."
###Chapter 119
Chapter 119
Merikh's thumb rubs up and down my hand as he holds it tight. The air is thick with tension, as if nature knows what to expect. There has not been a single tweet or chittering of forest animals since we set foot here. All life has run from their homes in their desperate bid for survival. And yet here we are, readily marching into what they run from.
"Are you both sure about this?" Hayes asks, walking up behind us with a grim look on his face. "Really, truly sure this is the best course of action?" “Best course of action? No. Only course of action? Yes." Merikh says with a solemn look. “There is no surviving a war against the dragons. We may be able to hold out for a time, but in the end, we will end in ash, like all their foes before them. Giselle needs to die. Today. Or we will all die tomorrow."
My skin prickles at his words. There is no room for failure here, even with what feels like a crackpot plan. Hayes rubs his temple and closes his eyes, breathing heavily before he meets his older brother's gaze.
"Let me go instead." He says, his words soft and pleading. "They need you more than they need me. And if this plan fails...it is you. They would follow into the fire, not me."
I step closer to him, touching his hand gently as he turns his sorrowful face toward me.
"I promise to put out any fires I can and keep our Alpha alive." I give him an encouraging squeeze on his hand.
"He is not the only one I worry about, Luna." He frowns.
"Be ready for when we reach out in the mind link. When we are ready, that is when we will call for everyone to attack. Can you keep the mate bond block up long enough to block out Leandra's pain?"
He nods and takes his hand back, shoving it in his pocket.
"Yes, Luna." Then Hayes takes a step back, giving us a nod. "Be safe brother, you are the only family I have left."
We watch as he leaves, and I glance at the clock anxiously waiting for my parents to arrive, along with Ezrah. The moon is high, a sign the heavens are with us, both as a siren and a werewolf. The water in my veins is stronger, more rampant than what it would be during the day. "Colette," I hear my mother say, rushing toward me. She takes my hands, tugging me into a hug. "Promise me you will be safe." "Of course I will be. Truth be told, I am more concerned about you," I tell her and she sighs, a smirk on her lips.
"I am the daughter of an Alpha, mother of the only hybrid in the world. There is no need to worry about me. I want revenge just as much as you do, sweetheart." She tells me.
“So you two will sneak up on her from the west. We will hit the east. Ezrah has claimed the south and Johannes is already there.” Caspian says, moving toward us out of the dark. "What is it you want us to do when we get there? Shall we taunt her with insults?"
I can hear the doubt in his voice, the way he thinks this plan is bullshit. But it is the only way to end it all here and now. I sigh and shake my head, having no time to try to explain it all over again to him.
“All we can do is hope that Lily's death affects her.” I tell him.
"Hayes is standing by and ready to draw forces away when we need it." Merikh reminds him. "If it comes down to it, we will fight and take out as many as we can before we get to her."
"And what about the dragon king?" Caspian reminds us.
"I can only hope his son has kept him home and safe." I admit, biting my lip. "We don't have time to sit and wait anymore."
“Colette," Caspian frowns and I shake my head.
"Dad," I say firmly, "This is it. We have to do this. Now is the only time."
He reluctantly nods before he clears his throat and moves over next to my mom. I don't miss the way his arm hangs at his side and her fingers seem to reach out to find his, even if it is for a mere moment.
"Please be safe, daughter." He says softly as my mother throws her arms around me before she breaks away too soon.
"As safe as any war allows," I nod, before turning, grabbing Merikh's hand and sprinting into the trees.
He keeps up with ease, releasing my hand as we run side by side, ducking and weaving when and where needed. My wolf trembles in excitement and my siren side. It feels feral, needy, and hungry for the fight.
The only part of me not entirely excited about the fight ahead is my brain. I keep trying to over think, over plan. But I know more than anyone else that planning anything in life is worthless. Plan the basics, not the details. Because details are useless when it comes to the unpredictable.
Merikh slows his speed, adjusting
his gait to move behind me as he continually scans the area, his nose in the air as he listens and sniffs. I don't need my wolf's senses to know we are getting closer as the plant life seems to look dehydrated and in major need of a heavy rain. The air is drier, the foliage on the ground crunching under feet, which makes us come to a halt.
Merikh points to the tree, before he flings his massive frame up onto a high branch and reaches down. I jump with all my might; him catching my wrist as he lifts me into the tree. I bite back a smile as I watch him look around, his alpha presence very much on display as his hunting instincts are kicking in.
I have never had the opportunity to fight alongside him like this, in a war or on a mission. And now that I witness it, I think it may be one of the most single sexiest things he has ever done with me.
Merikh has always been the big bad alpha, known for his intimidation and incredible fighting skills and lack of mercy. But watching him perch and be on high alert so he can protect me.
Well, damn. It makes me want to have his babies. Which is a good thing considering that is the future plan for us. I shy away, not wanting him to see the way I ogle him, until I feel him at my back, his hot breath on my neck fanning over my mark.
"I am going to need you to restrain those thoughts in the mind link," he says in a husky tone. "It is especially hard to run when you are making me as hot and bothered as you seem to be."
I chuckle lightly, covering my mouth as I turn my head, bringing out lips a mere breath away.
"I will try, but no promises." I whisper before stealing a quick kiss and dropping out of the tree.
My hand presses to the ground as I roll my shoulders back and breathe deep, calling to the siren in me for water. It rises to the surface in a slow flow, wetting the parches ground, softening it so we can move without fear of alerting anyone to our presence.
-I planned to run along in the trees-Merikh says in the mind link. I snort a sarcastic laugh and shoot him a 'in what world' arched brow.
-You can, but I would fall out and break a leg-I tell him and he grins.
-I'll race you-he says, hustling back up the tree as I break into a sprint.
pet
There is no way I will beat him. He is not only a skilled warrior; he is a damn lycan. They are, by nature, faster than a regular werewolf like me. But try anyway, a small smile on my lips as we make this a game, enjoying ourselves in the brief
moments we get to ourselves, even in the face of death and despair.
I slow down when I hear grunting and a howl. I slip to the nearest tree, hiding behind its wide trunk as two wolves race past me. How they miss my scent, I don't understand, but I creep along behind them, bringing myself closer as I watch them snarl and snap at each other along the way.
-Where are you?-- I ask Merikh through our mind link. It's when he doesn't respond that the lighthearted moments we just had burst into a dark feeling and I break into a sprint again, pushing my legs as hard as I can.
One of the wolves slows, heaving as
it tries to catch its breath and I leap onto his back, my hand gripping his muzzle to keep him quiet as we
tumble to the ground. I twist optoet
my back, my legs wrapping around its neck as I pull back and yank hard to the side. His neck snaps as his body goes limp and I push him to the side, jumping back up and chasing down the others.
-Go wide and let me deal with them-Merikh says through the mindlink, panic lacing his words in my mind.
-No, there are two more coming-I shoot back.
-New plan, You keep going, I'll catch up-He says, his thoughts turning from panic to determination and then a thrill of excitement.
I hate listening to him. Leaving him feels wrong, but as much as I need him to trust me, I have to return that trust. So with an aching heart, I cut to the
right, giving him a wide berth and trusting in his abilities as much as he trusts in mine. Even if I hate it and it feels wrong.
###Chapter 120
Chapter 120 *Merikh*
Warmth spreads over my face, a light misting of blood from the unfortunate wolf that is still being controlled by Lily's shit spell. I know there are more coming, but I can't help but pause and glance around, trying to determine where they will come from next. Like cockroaches, they scuttle around, lurking until they can no longer hide. It's offputting how un-wolf like it feels.
Lily shouldn't have a hold this strong on them now. And if she is close enough to have this type of hold, Elm should have ended her hours ago. My stomach churns at the thought of him being the betrayer. We put too much power in his hands, without Lily and her magical hold out of the way we are in for a long, tiring battle.
Tree branches above my head crack, a wolf falling from above as I step to the side, watching her crash to the ground with zero grace. The wolf wheezes as it stands and her for a moment to behind me.
eyes flicker
It is as if none of these wolves were trained to fight. Even in their zombified state, this should be second nature to them. Yet, she gives away the location of the one I know is now behind
me.
I lean to the side as a black wolf growls, passing me as it flies through the air. He tumbles into her and the two snap and fight for a moment while I watch, waiting for them to remember I am their enemy. A sigh breaks from my lips. At this rate, I will catch up to Colette much faster than I thought I would.
"If we could speed this up, I would appreciate it." I tell them, making sure they can sense my boredom. "I have better things to do than fight you."
A low growl emanates from behind me, the ground rumbling as the two race toward me, but instead of attacking, they move around and circle to my back. I whip around, my eyes flying wide as I look up at the monster before me. Well, maybe this will take longer than I expected after all.
Wolves sidle up to this monster's legs, their furry bodies vibrating before a silver thread from them attaches to the beast's chest and the air seems to shudder.
The wolves whine, then whimper before they fall to the side, their wolves turning to pale, thin, naked, lifeless bodies. The monster shakes its head, red eyes meeting my green as a malicious smile meets its rigid bumpy face. I slip off my pants and shirt as I throw my head back and let out my Lycan's roar, calling him to the surface.
I rise to my full height, the monster still a solid two feet taller than me as a hand made of many wolf's claws come swiping down at me. I avoid its contact with ease, dropping low and swinging my sharp nails up and into its soft stomach. The beast barely groans as it reaches out to grab me again.
There is no world in which that many sets of claws will not annihilate me with one hit. So I drop to my knees, scurrying between its legs and to its back. The more I look at its body, the more I understand that this isn't just one beast, but a beast made of many. With a bouquet of various colored tails and a spine made of many, I understand what I am up against.
Not only is Lily's magic seemingly stronger, but it is increasingly more creative. She has taken a single being and given them every wolf of those who it chooses. A sucker of souls, to create a beast worthy of fighting the Lycan king. My heart aches for the loss of my own kind. The ones who have no control over what they are doing, yet they will not survive. Its head twists to look at me, the chin tilting to the side as if it is trying to anticipate my next move. I take the moment to sprint to the right, which makes it follow me, it's lumbering movements make the ground shake as I run directly for a tree. The second I am close, I twist my shoulders and shift my direction just in time for the monster to collide with the enormous base of the red oak tree.
I move behind it as it groans in an eerily echoing cry and I plunge my teeth into the base of its skull, digging my claws in at the lumbar of the spine. My jaw clenches as hard as possible and yank my hands up, slicing through bone and flesh as it goes limp. I don't release my hold until we hit the ground with a rumble and I snap my head to the side, a thud vibrating through my jaw as its neck snaps.
As I tear away, moving back from the magical version of a werewolf mashup, I watch the one body crumble into seven, all of them dead and at my feet. There isn't a second to spare as a howl breaks out and flames shoot up into the sky. My heart thuds in my chest, my eyes focusing on the direction of the chaos breaking out. All I can do is hope that Elm isn't the enemy and he will follow through soon.
The second those dragons take flight, my kind will succumb to the fire by the droves. I turn away from the noise, my stomach heavy at turning my back on the fighting, but I push on. Colette needs me more right now, and the only way to save what we have is to do it this way. It's a crazy plan, but it's the only viable one we've got.
-Merikh-I hear Colette in my head, the panic and question in her emotions that bleed through to me.
-I am fine and heading your way-I tell her through the link, swooping up my clothing and running in my lycan form.
With all the focus being to the south of us for now, I don't need to be as cautious with my noise as I sprint to catch up. I contemplate telling her about Lily and Elm. How Elm has failed to do as he said he would with killing Lily.
-Move faster if you can, looks like I've got some company-She says,-I'm hidden for now, but-
The mind link cuts off and it fuels me to move faster than my lycan body has.
There is no stopping me as I bound over roots and bust through downed logs that try to hinder me. I try to reach out to her, feeling for her emotions or anything I can. There is a shiver 
that runs up my spine, a feeling that I am being watched or followed, but I push it aside.
I don't give a fuck who sees me or who the hell tries to attack me. There is nothing that exists on this earth that can slow me down right now. The breaking of branches and the whooshing of air only proves my instincts right as whoever is behind me follows close. Or as close as they can, which only means they are either also a lycan or someone who moves fast like us.
I tear through bushes and trees, breaking into a small clearing with multiple trees that have recently been toppled, and flames flicker. My body instinctively halts, my nose tilting up as I sniff the air, catching a whiff of Colette beyond the smell of the smoke. My massive head whips from side to side, my chest heaving with the fear of where she is, what might have happened.
###Chapter 121
-I am here--I tell her through the mind link. There is a rustling above me and she drops down from the tree, leaves in her hair and soot on my cheek. She stands, her eyes filled with tears and fear as she reaches for me. My human form takes over as I tuck her into my chest, pulling her tight.
"We aren't alone," I whisper, and she nods.
"I know." She says back, pointing behind me. I spin and look up in the tree, catching a glimpse of a familiar lycan, and I frown.
"Percy." I say in a growly voice.
He climbs down, transforming into his human form, as he saunters over with his eyes cast down as he quickly pulls on his shorts. The kid was supposed to be on bed rest, not chasing us into a fucking fight.
"Alpha," He murmurs.
"What the fuck are you doing here?" I ask, arching a brow. It seems no matter who sick, heart broken or physically broken he is, there is no shaking this tenacious redhead.
"My job." He says. "I took an oath,"
"And I told you to rest," Colette says.
"I will rest when you are not in danger, Luna. But when you are walking into it head on, I will be there with you. As your shadow, always. Like Penny."
I slide a look at Colette, watching as her face goes from anger to gratitude. It's amazing how quickly she can calm herself while I sit here and seethe over him breaking an order. Perhaps this is why I was granted a Luna like her. Perhaps I need to be more like her.
"What happened?" I ask Colette, choosing to ignore the Percy issue for now.
"A wolf and a dragon got into a fight over which way to go." She says. "The wolf wanted to go in your direction. The dragon felt it would be best to keep going toward Giselle. He wanted to be near his queen..." she says, her eyes meet mine.
"Shit." I grumble, my heart falling to my feet.
"Shit, what?" Percy asks, looking at us.
"The dragons are feeling protective of their queen. Which means Giselle is prepared and getting through to her won't be as easy as we could have hoped. Not that we expected any less, but "I pause, releasing a heavy sigh.
"It's possible Giselle knows we are coming now." She frowns.
"How?" Percy asks.
"We have a traitor among us, and since Lily is still alive and nearby, I have the feeling Elm has been lying and playing us for fucking fools all along."
Fuck, fuck, fuck. With Lily still alive, Giselle will remain too strong against our forces. It will be a massacre against our kind, yes we have packs here to fight with us, but our defenses against the dragons are nil. Colette and Caspian are the only ones who can protect them from the fire.
"You need to go back." I insist, taking her hand in mine.
"Hell no!" she scoffs. "I need to contain her burst of heat when she combusts, Merikh."
"She won't kill anyone but the people closest to her...hopefully." I say, trying to convince her. But I know I am wrong. The entire area will be flattened, laid to waste and ash when she goes up. Colette will need to use her skills to provide a wall to save them.
"And I suppose you think you will be the one to antagonize her?" She growls.
I shoot her a charming smile, trying to break the tension.
"I am very good at antagonizing," I remind her and she groans, throwing her hands up in the air.
"No." She says plainly.
"No?" I ask, not entirely shocked by her answer, but more by the passion behind it.
"No. I refuse. If you think someone needs to go back, then you go. Or send Percy."
I deflate, my shoulders slumping and my head shaking in frustration.
"We do not have your skills." I remind her. She licks her teeth and chuckles sardonically.
"Exactly. I am the only one who can do BOTH things that need to be done. Our pack needs you more than I need you right now." She says, her tone softening. "I know you are worried, and you want to be near me, but you taught me what leading is."
My jaw clenches and I clear my throat, looking away. Fuck her and her stupid, logical logic.
"I can't let you do this alone." I sigh, keeping the tears away. "There is no way I can function, not knowing you are okay or that you can handle this."
She tilts her head to the side, walking over to me as she reaches up and cups my cheek.
"I can handle this. Okay? I promise. And I won't be alone. I have Percy. He has proven time and time again how talented he is at protecting me. Trust that instinct you had when you chose him to be my gamma."
It feels like I am being torn in two, my chest burning and my fingers itching with indecision. I clench my hands into fist and let out a frustrated groan, then I look up and nod. "Fine." I grunt, then I grab her at her waist and yank her to me roughly. "But you better make it fucking back to me. Do you understand?"
"Mm-hmm," she says, tilting her head back for a kiss.
"That's a fucking alpha order, Colette." I clarify and she giggles.
"I know, I know." She whispers as I press my lips to her.
She breaks away too soon, giving Percy a nod as she takes two steps back and then spins on her heals sprinting off with her red-haired protector. I hate this so fucking much. But she is right. This is what being a leader is, making decisions I hate but are necessary. Our pack needs us both, but they need us in different places.
Another burst of flames shoots out, and I hear cries and wolves howling. That's where I am needed. That's the fight I know how to fight. I am trusting Colette and Percy. Fuck if it isn't hard, though. I take off in that direction, one last glance over my shoulder where Colette disappeared before I inhale deeply and shift into my lycan form.
The path is easy until a tree creaks from the heat and I look up to see it come flying down toward me. I try to leap out of the way, but a branch reaches out, hitting me hard as I fly in the opposite direction I was aiming for. My back slams into a hard rock face and I slide down, landing on something wet and fleshy.
In a fight, you always know what that is, and you never look down for fear of seeing someone you know. But I find myself unable to look away when I see who is beneath me. My vision 
grows red in anger, everything I thought and believed shifting in the span of seconds.
Elm lays dead beneath me as I struggle to get off his mutilated body. His head clings to his neck with a thread of skin and muscle, his eyes wide and his chest clawed to shreds. Not at the hands of a werewolf. But that of a woman with sharp, long nails.
Elm isn't the betrayer. He didn't kill Lily like he promised because he was killed first.
But if the traitor wasn't Elm, then it only leaves one person.
###Chapter 122
*Colette*
Percy is silent, his eyes always on the lookout and his body tense as we move swiftly closer and closer to the enemy. There are so many things I want to say, want to ask him, but I know all too well the once chatty kid is much more closed off now. Even to me. I clear my throat softly and glance at him, catching him as he looks at me. Then he sighs.
"Luna, I am fine." He tries to assure me.
"Ok," I say nonchalantly, afraid to push harder.
"The Fae queen's hold wasn't long enough to linger in me. I have not felt her once where Leandra has." He offers and I shake my head.
It's funny how he assumes I am worried about that. Or perhaps he knows exactly what I am worried about and wants to be sure we skip that topic. When I look at him again, I see he needs this, to just air his own worries and doubts while I pretend they are mine.
"If you say so, Percy." I shrug, ducking under a pine branch, the needles tumbling from the dried out tree and scattering to the ground.
"I would never put you in danger. If I was worried about her having a hold on me, then I wouldn't have come." He says, his voice growing more desperate. "The fae's hold was weak enough for me to fight once, so if it happens again, I will fight it."
A soft breeze brushes my face, and I pause, wondering how a breeze could make it through the dense forest. He prattles on with his words while I watch as a single tree shudders from the same wind and I reach out, grabbing Percy's arm. He lets out a sad sigh.
"Luna, I swear I am here to protect you, and it has nothing to do with Penny. We took an oath and I stand by that—”
"Percy..." I mutter "Shut up."
He follows my gaze, his eyes growing wide before he scowls up at the tree, his knees bending as he lowers his body and prepares for an attack.
"What do you see?" he whispers low enough only a wolf could pick up.
"Breeze in a single tree," I murmur back, my eyes focused on the branch that sways yet shows me nothing. No animal or warrior can be seen, but we have learned that means shit in this world where magic has turned dark.
"We need to move," He says, grabbing my elbow, and tugging me away. My eyes snap to him, watching as he fixates on something I clearly can not pinpoint.
"What do YOU see?" I hiss at him and he shakes his head, though his eyes remain focused.
"Nothing where something should be, and that worries me more," he says before snapping his gaze to meet mine. Panic explodes over his face. "Run, luna" "Shit," I grumble, turning and taking off at a full sprint.
Percy is at my back, his even breathing loud enough for me to hear, and I realize he is doing that for me, so I know he is there and I don't need to look back. I try to reach out to Merikh, but we have grown too far apart.
My mind whirls with possibilities of what the hell might be following us. Whatever it is, it has had the time to attack and yet it didn't. Whether that makes it a wise enemy or a shitty ally, I don't know. And truthfully, I don't care to find out.
"Move faster," I hear Percy usher out behind me as I try like hell to make my legs comply.
Lycans are much faster. Not only do they have that height and long legs, their stamina and strength is overall just.... better. I, however, have to reserve my wolf and siren to try to save as many people as I can when the time comes.
It's not just others whose lives depend on me being able to drown out the blast, but my own. If I fail, I will be the first one to go and I can't imagine what that will do to Merikh.
My ankle twists as a stone rolls from under my foot, tossing me to the right. I collide with a tree trunk, my shoulder smacking into it with a loud thud as I grunt out in pain. Percy is next to me in a heartbeat, swooping under my aching shoulder and wrapping his arm around my back as he continues to blaze through the trees.
Branches reach out, as if they are long fingers extending to entwine me. Twigs, slice at my face, catch as my waist as we try like fucking hell to break away from whatever the fuck is happening.
Then I am dropped, my support disappearing as I take a step onto my ankle and pain tears through my calf. I cry out, and land on my hands and knees, turning to look at Percy, who stands in front, his back to me and his arms at the ready.
"She is here." He murmurs. "I can feel her now, she is so fucking close, I can taste her on my Tongue."
"Fight it, Percy." I say, forcing myself to stand as I roll my shoulders back. He looks over his shoulders at me, a sly smirk on his lips.
"I fully intend to do just that, Luna Letty."
The fear that was gripping me suddenly seems to fade. The sheer truth of Percy's words is enough to make me bet my life on him winning this battle. He is young and new to this role, but I am not sure there has ever been a better gamma duo than the one I had.
A woman in a velvet green dress drops out of a tree, her eyes swirling with red and her face pale, almost gaunt. When she smiles, she reveals a mouth of missing teeth and lips that are colored red by her own blood.
With every step closer she takes, I see the stains on her garb. The way it is tattered and soaked with blood. Elm must have failed to kill her. She has clearly been tortured, so there is no doubting he was telling the truth.
"Luna," she says, her lips cracking and a droplet of blood dripping down her chin. "You turned him against me."
"Elm?" I ask and she looks sad for a moment, glancing down at her bloodied finger tips.
"He loved me," she whispers. "He chose me until you came along."
"Direct your word to me, bitch." Percy says, stepping in between us to block her view of me.
A tree branch snaps out, grabbing hold of Percy's wrist. He is fast as he grabs it back, yanking it toward him as his lycan surfaces and he tears into the tree's bark, breaking it clean off of him. Another flies for him, taking his other hand just as one grabs his leg. He howls, breaking his hind leg free as he snaps at the branch that lifts him high, then slams him down toward the earth.
I press my hands to the dry dirt, reaching for the water and swiftly pulling it from the earth intime to break his strike to the ground with a soft mud. Lily's eyes squint as she smiles wide and then giggles, covering her mouth.
"I'm not the only one with a party trick, I guess." She says.
Percy looks at me, giving me a 'don't do that' glare and I roll my eyes. I know I need to save my strength, but I refuse to watch him fight an unfair fight. There is nothing for me to say to Lily so instead I shoot her a fake smile. One that really says 'fuck you', it only pleases her as she giggles again.
Percy takes the time she is distracted to inch his way closer to her, but even without using her eyes, she witnesses it. Roots rise from the ground, breaking through with such force that Percy is unable to maintain his balance.
He falls onto his ass. They circle him, twisting together at the top slowly, trapping him. He tears them to shreds, but they replace quicker than he can move out of the way.
He is snatched to the ground, his lycan form roaring in anger as he tries like hell to break free. A green root slips around his neck, tightening as his lycan retreats and Percy's human form takes its place. His sad eyes meet mine.
"Stop!" I scream, scrambling from the ground and trying to make it over to him. "Please! Don't kill him!"
The wooden noose around his neck stops, and I look up at Lily, who looks all too happy with what she is doing. Then he leans forward and tilts her head.
"I will let you say goodbye." She says. "It's more than you got to do with his sister."
Rage boils in me as I lick my lips and dig as deep in myself as I can. What use is water at this moment? What use is a wolf against a magic that took down a lycan warrior?
"You are not allowed to die." I command him with my tone. He meets my gaze, unsure of how to respond as he lies, unable to move. Then I realize what it is I have to do, fuck saving my strength, fuck hiding how strong I am. "When I do this, you get your ass up and finish it."
My words register to him, and he furrows his brows in confusion as I close my eyes. I dig deeper than the cold reserves of water just below the surface. My siren reaches past the flowing waters in the caverns hidden far below even what we could comprehend.
Dragons remain close to heat, a heat that comes from the earth, so I find the water that is bubbling, the water that steams and roars with pockets of heat. It feels as if my veins are being stretched as I pull it from the earth, the energy it requires making the fibers of my muscles quiver in use.
Then it happens, a geyser that rises to the surface, exploding from the very earth beneath Lily's feet as she screeches and flies into the air. The water drips down onto us, the searing burns ones I relish as it proves I did it. Then I look at Percy and he roars, his lycan back and breaking free as he leaps up a tree, tackles her from the geyser as it slows and falls away.
Lily's skin is red and covered in blisters as he hammers her to the ground and sinks his teeth into her throat. Her cry turns to a gurgling as she drowns in her own boiling blood, her body twitching as the nerves die off.
"Holy shit, Luna." Percy says, panting in his human form, his eyes wide. "I didn't know you could do that."
"Me either," I say, shocked, with a little surprised chuckle. "That was..."
"Amazing." A voice whispers from behind us.
We whip around, and Percy leaps in front of me just as Ezrah steps out from the shadows. I furrow my brows, looking at him.
"What are you doing here? You are supposed to be coming from—"
"I didn't trust Elm, so I followed him." He admits, with an ashamed frown.
"And what did you find?" Percy asks, but he doesn't drop his guard.
"Elm wasn't the one torturing her. He was there to rescue her and set her free, and clearly he succeeded." Ezrah shakes his head. Percy looks at me and then back at him.
"What did you do to stop it?" He asks.
"I fought with Elm while she escaped. He ran off, and I went after Lily, hence me showing up right now. I have been tracking her." Ezrah explains.
I sigh, tiredness tugging at my body as I look at Percy and he presses his lips together, turning to look at me. He glances over his shoulders once more to make sure Ezrah isn't listening before he whispers so low I barely hear him.
"I don't trust him." He says. I bite my lip and nod.
"Understood. We tread lightly then, okay?" I say and he nods, then I smile at Ezrah. "With Lily dead, what do you plan to do now?" I ask him and he shrugs.
"Follow the original plan, of course. Unless you are feeling tired, I could carry you, if you wish? I see that your gamma still has fresh injuries that need healing."
I glance at Percy, noticing Ezrah is right. Percy's bite mark from the dragon fight, though looking much better, has re-opened in a few spots. I wrestle with what to do, but I know I need the rest. So does Percy. "Actually, that sounds like a good idea for now." I say hesitantly. "Just for a little bit."
"Perfect." He gives me a bright smile. "Let's go kill a queen."
###Chapter 123
It's incredibly difficult to rest on the back of someone you aren't sure you can trust. Every muscle in my body feels tense, my neck aching from keeping it pressing into his back too hard. I am used to being carried around; it seems lately it's been happening more frequently. But this time is different. It feels forced.
Ezrah feels...fake. Or rather, I am seeing the real him for the first time. Each time he looks over his shoulder to check on me, I see something in his eyes. If I were more optimistic about him, I would think it was a concern, but it feels deeper. Almost as if he is concerned, but not for me. More my presence.
Percy remains near, his eyes constantly cutting in my direction like a worried watch dog looking for orders. He can feel it too, which only makes me more unnerved. What happens when we arrive?
Is Ezrah really a bad guy, and if he is, why not kill us after what he saw I could do? Clearly, he isn't under some magic spell like the many others out here fighting.
"We should go separate ways here." Percy says, sniffing the air.
It smells of heated metal, the trees brown and shriveling while the branches further north of us begins to smoke. Not only are we close, but it would seem that Lily's death has been felt already. We are running out of time.
"I think I should take you all the way. It seems like we are almost there now." Ezrah says, a frown on his face as I squirm off of his back and take a step over to Percy.
"There is a plan in place for a reason," Percy says, his words clipped and pointed.
"Sometimes plans change for the better." Ezrah shrugs. I say nothing as he stares at me, neither of us breaking. Then he rolls his eyes and lets out an enormous sigh. "Well, come on then. I might as well walk you the rest of the way."
"We need to stick to the plan." I reiterate, and he scoffs.
"Your plan was ruined the second you trusted Elm."
"It's not Elm who is the issue," Percy says, his voice defensive as he inches in front of me, ready to fight Ezrah if he has to. I reach out to touch his upper arm, reassuring him.
"Percy, Merikh vouched for Ezrah." I remind him, but we both know that trust is gone. We can feel it, sense the shift in him. The end of his charade is so close, and he has let his guard down. "Let's just move, quickly. We are close. I can feel it."
Ezrah walks first, trying to show that by turning his back, he trusts us. But it's easy to trust the people you think are beneath you. How often do they ever actually stand up and retaliate? What he doesn't realize is that we are a step ahead of him this time.
It doesn't take us long to see her pacing figure. The air around her shimmers like she is a blue flame, my view of her distorted by the warbling of the heat encircling her. I pause, moving behind a tree trunk, Percy taking a similar stance to the right of me as Ezrah continues to walk.
"Ah," she says in a sigh of relief, a small shake of Ezrah's head has her tipping her chin to the right before her eyes widen and she turns away from us. "What do you have for me, messenger boy?" "What makes you think I have anything for you?" He asks, standing in the open, his cheeks turning pink as he shifts to the side. The heat is almost too much for him as he licks his lips and glances at me. "You always come with letters of the law, meetings or stupid meaningless things. The council is gone. I have nothing to say to anyone and there is no time for stupid, meaningless things." "Alpha Merikh would like a truce." Ezrah Announces to her.
"Too late." She shrugs. I watch as it looks like her body seems to glimmer in flames that cover her almost naked body. Her skin is skewed by the extreme heat and the more intimate areas seem to be covered in some strange sheen of fire.
"I brought Luna Colette as his offering." He says, motioning in my direction.
Her eyes snap up and her lips twitch. Then she smiles at him sweetly.
"So the charade is up, then? I no longer have to pretend that it is just me doing all of this?" She asks.
"Alpha Merikh will be here soon to explain everything to her." He whispers, looking away from me.
I was suspicious before, but I know without a doubt at this moment that Ezrah has been the enemy all along. Pulling strings, and playing us all with the trust he spent years establishing. This fool things he is still fooling me, and with this crazy accusation against my mate?
It's impossible to hide the bubble of laughter that erupts from my lips. Quiet little giggles erupt into a full stomach laugh, my arms covering my abdomen as I stumble closer.
"Ah, Colette." She says, not even trying to feign the surprise. She knew I was there the moment Ezrah walked up. Why? Because Ezrah was always meant to bring me to her. He is the delivery boy, after all. "I am telling the truth-" Ezrah says deadpan.
"Merikh could be the one holding the knife and you still wouldn't convince me it was him trying to kill me. I trust him explicitly. Always." I say with a headshake.
"Some people cannot see what is in front of them." Giselle shrugs.
"And others are unable to understand love. We all have our failings. Some with far less than others." I snap back at her.
I can sense Percy close by, and it
gives me a little more gumption. The ability to push her, goad her like Merikh planned to do all along. What I need to do first is find what hurts her the most. That weak spot in her fake armor. And then I need to lean into it until she explodes, Not a problem at all, super easy job. 
Giselle chuckles, waving her
fluttering fiery hand away as if my words are an annoying mosquito she can't quite catch. A smirk curls at the corner of my lip. And just like that, I know I have found the weak spot. It should have been easier to spot. But the way my words clearly annoy her and the way she tries to pretend they don't. 
Giselle is lonely. A bitch, but a lonely one.
"Love is fleeting." She says in a carefree voice.
have
"No, fake love is fleeting. Which I am sure you have known many times over. I mean, you had to pretend to be a species you aren't in order to make a dragon 'love' you." I scoff. "My mate wanted me from the second he saw me, and we have fought for each other since."
"Your mate will stab you in the back, like he has done over and over again." She seethes. The surrounding air grows hotter, the moisture in the air leeching away as I take a few steps back, needing to breathe. "Giselle, you are feeding into their plan." Ezrah grits out, holding a hand up as he tries to look at her.
"Oh, shut up you stupid Elf!" she roars, her hair going from red to flicking blue flames. "You served your purpose."
"Careful how you speak to me. I am your fa-courier." He says, and it dawns on me. He is going to deliver her. Once she is ash and gone, he will take her and bring her somewhere, store her.
"Luna," I hear Percy whisper from the trees, his eyes flickering to Giselle, an encouraging head nod.
"What was the point of all of this?" I ask, breaking up their heated argument.
"Point of what?" Giselle blinks, looking at me.
"The war, needing me, being a 'dragon'?" I scoff. "It was all pointless. This whole 'creature of chaos' bullshit."
"Pointless?" she asks, offended. "Pointless? It worked. It all fucking worked. You showed me it could be done, and now, now it is happening. Only thing left to do is kill you so you aren't a threat to it."
My brows furrow together and then I watch as her hand glides over her ember like belly. Shit, she is pregnant?
"You are figuring it out, aren't you?" She giggles. "Surprise! I'm having the dragon heir!"
"They have one." I remind her and she rolls her eyes.
"He has already been stripped of his title. This little thing will rule over dragons and with it, the ultimate chaos will reign. Not for a short term, but for a hundred years. A phoenix is around for thirty years, at most before regeneration starts again. But Dragons?"
"Assuming they will want it." I scoff. "As the only hybrid, I can assure you, there are many who will try to kill it, especially if it is part of you."
She takes a step toward me, her heat preceding her with every inch she moves closer.
"She is protected. A child in the care of a courier Fae is protected by them at all costs. Aren't they Papa Ezrah? My sweet adoptive daddy who found my egg in a tree." She says, looking at Ezrah, who looks almost sad.
"Here is the plan. I am going to kill you, no matter what." I shrug.
"And what of my child? Does it not matter to you?"
"If you were an egg and dragons are born of eggs, I can only assume when you die, the egg will be left behind." I grin, a plan forming in my head. "But I promise to raise your child with nothing but love and a respect for all species."
Her eyes blaze and she sneers at me, the area around us growing lighter as she beams, her light flashing like a strobe in a club. Well, I guess that is her weak spot; I suck in a deep breath, my hand sweating as I hold them at my side, preparing to summon all the water I can.
"It can call me Mommy, and Merikh will be such a wonderful Daddy. I mean, it makes sense. Any fire it lights, I can just put out. Who better to be its parents than us?"
And just like that, she lets out an excruciating cry of agony, a beam of light shooting straight up into the sky as she falls on her back. A wave of heat throws me into a tree as I heave, searching for air. Percy grabs me, pulling me away, behind a rock for shelter.
"It's now or never Luna." He says hoarsely, his cheeks burned and his lips chapped. "Time to show everyone what you are made of."
###Chapter 124
*Merikh*
"Why is this fucking place so big?" I growl to no one as I sprint through the dying trees and over the once lush green moss under their canopy. How much further must I go to find her? Every ticking second feels like agony as panic and fear trickle down my spine, reminding me how much I fucked up by not listening to her thoughts on Ezrah.
Howls break in the distance, victorious, and for once this wretched night I feel a slight release of tension in my shoulders. I am not entirely sure what the hell is going on, but I see the dragons flying overhead, almost as if they are lost, unsure of where to go or what to do. Lily is dead, she must be. How she met her end, I do not know, but there is no world in which we would win if she still had her control.
But even that thought does nothing to quell the painful stabbing in my stomach. All it does is make the pain burn hotter, an uncontrollable pain like the feeling of loss. One where pain fades to a bleak future of nothing but loneliness and wanting to die. Shit, I need to move faster.
The woods before me explode in light, my arm coming up over my eyes, shielding them from the onslaught. The trees sway in a warm breeze that grows more steady, a warning of what is yet to come. It feels like my lips are sticky as I try to lick them, giving them whatever wetness I have before forcing my heavy legs to propel me toward it.
"No," I groan, the staggering feeling of despair washing over me. "No!"
The words are nothing against the roaring heat and the cries of agony. It can't be Colette. I would feel the loss of her. I would know if she was gone. So I do the only thing I can do. I shift and I run blindly into the light, knowing I will find her even if it brings me nothing but death.
The heat grows painful, my fur singing, the scent stinging my nose as my skin's rapid healing abilities rage against the blisters forming, trying to heal as fast as we burn, only to fail. Then, with no reason or indication of why, the earth shakes, my feet cool as tiny drops of water rise from the ground. My gaze shifts and I see her.
It's as if the world ceases in a moment of time, the way sound ceases and the water seems to hang in the air. Colette lifts into the air, a large wave forming before her as if a tide is rising and she is riding it. Her fingers seem to glow, her hair going translucent as if she is the water. And then, her wolf appears, her clothing swirling away in the water that seems to grow taller, wider. A vast liquid wall rising to protect us all.
She is so far away still, too far away as I try to reach out to her through the mind link only to find myself blocked, as if I am underwater. The sound of her in my head is there, but almost garbled as if she is out of reach, even with being close enough to see.
The bright light of Giselle continues to grow brighter, the water only magnifying it as waves lap up against nothing but air, sending a cascading array of tiny rainbows over Percy, who fights off a dragon of a smaller stature, trying to get to Colette. Little does it know there is no touching which has no form but water.
I move toward her, drawn to her like a ship in the treacherous water, seeking the refuge of the lighthouse's guidance to shore. She is glorious as she grows larger with every passing beat of my heart. If she sees me, she doesn't show it. She is too wrapped up in what she is doing to care about the world outside of her scope of things. Her arms hardly outstretched before her as she continues to call to the water from every source she can muster up.
Then, as if she has hit her limit, she stops. The water rises no more and a dense fog grows between her and Giselle. The heat rapidly turning the water closest to it into nothing but a steam that rolls up to the sky and over the wall as it seems to cascade down toward us. An ominous and unfortunate foretelling of what is coming.
"Merikh..." Colette whispers, her face appearing from the water, her frame immersed and her eyes swirling a vibrant blue as she reaches for me. My lycan touches her and her exhaustion nearly knocks me flat on my ass. "Help..."
The desperation in her breaks my heart as my lycan recedes to save energy and I step into the water, grabbing hold of her, pulling her close to my chest. The cool temperature of it wraps around me, like a current, protecting the two of us as she focuses solely on keeping the wall up long enough to withstand the still growing heat of Giselle who screams relentlessly.
"What do you need?" I ask Colette, my lips brushing her flushed cheek.
I stroke the wet locks from her pale face, giving her every ounce of strength and healing I can manage through our mate bond.
"Just you," she whispers, her body shaking as she tries to give me a weak smile.
"You have all of me," I remind her, and press a kiss to her temple.
"How long do you think she will burn like that?" Percy asks, running over out of breath. He looks like he has seen better days, but he remains standing and ready to protect us until the end, if needed. "Hopefully not much longer," I murmur, squinting through the swirling waves at Giselle, who still burns in a white heat.
"I will make sure no one comes from our backs," He says, giving a nod to me and Colette. "If I don't make it, it was an honor to protect you, Luna."
There is a clamoring behind us and
a wolf flies from a tree, crashing
hard into the ground, before clamoring to its feet and racing toward us. Percy intercepts it, but the wolf lowers its head in
ΛΟΙ
submission and then shifts,
revealing a tired-looking Melody.
Caspian crashes through the trees just after her, scratches and blood on his face as his eyes grow wide in wonder. He steps up next to Melody, taking her hand in his as the two make their way toward us. "You have done so well, my child. Now I will take over." He says, the water responding to his presence, as if it were a living being.
"No, I can do this," Colette demands in a quiet, trembling voice. "Please, let me do this."
She is drawing too much energy, not
only from herself but from me as well as the damn bird, just burns and burns in a never-ending cycle. I know looking down at her, she will give everything for this. Colette wilt die here if it means protecting what she took on as her own. 
Every ounce of me wants to yank her away, shake her back to sense, but as long as I go with her, I will allow her to choose her own fate. The water grows warm, my skin heating as I squeeze her closer to me. Her strength no longer pulls from the source of cold water from below our feet. It's when bubbles rise and the wall slowly shrinks that I realize no amount of determination from my little luna can stop what is coming.
My skin begins to burn and Colette whimpers uncomfortably as the water rises in temperature. If it continues to heat at this rate, we will either boil to death or the water will evaporate and we will burn to death. The rational part of me wants to drag her off and save us both. But even being rational at this point means certain death. There is only one way out of here for us now, and we all know it.
I look at Caspian and see that he has
made up his mind. He cups Melody's cheek, pulling her in for a grand kiss, before he presses his forehead to
hers and whispers something to her. Then he steps away and walks over
QUMS
to us. 
"It's okay sweetheart, let me give you a little break." He says with a soft, adoring smile. "Just for a short moment, okay?"
"Just for a little bit," she relents, but she misses the look in Caspian's eyes when he watches her for a moment, then he lifts his hands and the water shifts to him.
###Chapter 125
*Colette*
Caspian steps into the wave, his form shifting as his scaly figure emerges, and the water seems to move with him as he makes his way toward Giselle as she grows brighter, hotter. The wave I had conjured up pales in comparison to the one he seems to lift from the earth.
The air around us cools with the shield from the heat and I try to speak, to tell him to come back. Why does he feel he must go so far from us? I can help him, give him what strength I have left if he needs it. Merikh clings to me as water rises around us as if we are treading deeper into the vast ocean he creates around us. Without the water and Merikh's arms I would be a pile of jelly, my muscles screaming as every fiber tries to recover from what I was doing. The bright burning light that is Giselle only grows brighter. A sun here on earth as the water steams around us, and my lip quivers.
"He isn't strong enough on his own," I rasp out, looking up at Merikh, begging for him to understand. His bright green eyes flash with alarm and he shakes his head, a panic rising in him that even he can't find. "No," He insists, his head shaking as he turns me to face him, gripping my shoulders.
"You know that he needs my help." I say, easing out of his hold.
My knees buckle and I drop into the water, bobbing back up to look at the agony in his eyes. In all my life, I have only ever seen this look of terror when someone was about to die. Which means he knows what it likely to happen, and why I have to help my dad.
"He needs his mate." My mother whispers.
I whip my head in her direction as she clutches her hands at her chest, her eyes filled with tears, watching my father roar with power as he does everything in his ability to shield everyone as high and as long as he can.
"Mom..." I swallow the word, hating how it catches in my throat as she rushes toward him.
I lurch forward to follow, but I find myself swept up into Merikh arms. He looks down at me, my heart shattering at the thought of leaving when I know I can do more. I have more in me if only he would trust me enough to use it. But without so much as a peep, he rushes toward the massive wall, making his way closer.
It feels like time slows down as I witness my mom step into the watery wall and wrap her arms around my dad from behind. At the slightest touch from her, his wall rises fifteen feet taller, and she moves around to be in front of him. I struggle to understand how she can breathe or even speak, but I see her lips moving as she locks her eyes on mine.
"Forgive me,” Merikh says softly and I look up at his stoney face.
"What?" I gasp and he speeds up. "What is it? What is wrong?"
"It's what your mom said—” The words are taken from his mouth as water slams into us, knocking the air from my lungs as I whip through the current, Merikh clinging to my body for dear life holding me to his chest as we swirl and spin. Then I hear it on the waves as if it were a breeze in a meadow.
“To have you was a dream, to lose you killed us, to love you all over again was an honor. Thank you for bringing us back to life, back together, our sweet Colette." Caspian's voice surrounds me and my insides twist painfully at what is happening. "I can only hope all of us is enough to protect you this time."
And just like that the water turns angry, currents crossing, my hair whipping around my body and my arms thrashing as I try to hold on to Merikh. He is torn from me.
My eyes close, my siren screeching in my head as if in mourning as a bright light explodes over my head and every bit of water dissipates, turning to steamy fog, dropping me on my back into the soggy ground.
"Colette!" Merikh screams, but I can't answer.
Words fail me, my legs fail me, just as I failed them. Bile burns its way up my throat as I turn over to my hands and retch the hot liquid to the ground. And then and only then do my sobs find their freedom. It tears through me with such painful force that it feels like my voice will never recover.
"No." I whimper, crawling to find what is left of them even though I know. I can feel it. There is nothing left. No bodies to bury, no ashes to scatter. They are gone, lost to me forever like they had been before, only this time...this time it's final.
"NO!" I roar, finding the anger in my heart as I pound at the ground. "No! No, no!"
I feel Merikh as his body collides into mine, his legs sliding into the mud as he takes me in his arms dragging me into a hug. His relief infuriates me all the while his touch soothes the aching pain in my heart. How can you despise a touch whilst still needing it?
"I am here,” he whispers, his words soft as his lips touch my ear and I reach up, shoving his face away and forcing myself to stand.
“So am I!" I roar, a sob terrorizing my chest as it breaks through my words. "So am I, and I don't want to be."
I slump to my knees, my eyes finding his as they go from hurt to a soft, non judgemental understanding. He doesn't move closer. Instead, he sits back on his ass, his face turning up to the dense fog around us. And then he lets out a roar that makes the earth shake.
The tears fall from my cheeks and then he crawls to me, reaching out and inviting me into his embrace. He doesn't pressure me, or say a word, he only waits until I reach out. Then he tucks me away into his lap and lets the part of me that is hurting die with my tears.
There is only the sound of my tears, and the soft comforting hums from Merikh in the air, mingling with the fog that feels like it mocks me with its cover.
"M-maybe they are okay, right?" I hiccup as I wipe my tears and glance up at Merikh. He says nothing, but his face says it all. "We need to look-"
His thumb strokes my cheek before he gives me a barely noticeable nod.
"Sure, we can look." He agrees, but I know he sees what I am unwilling to admit. There is no way that they were that close to her final blast and survived it. It's entirely unreasonable and improbable that they were disintegrated.
My siren felt it, the shift in the water, the way my king and father disappeared entirely. But yet, Merikh helps me up, taking my hand as we walk around, our eyes on the ground as we move slowly so we can
see.
My body is exhausted, my werewolf
and siren both drained as my feet throb and my heart falls further into my stomach with every passing minute. It's not until the sun rises that I finally see through the white wall of fog, a swirling of movement as someone stoops down and plucks something from the ground. 
"Mom?" I croak, rushing forward, stumbling over my feet. "Mo-"
I freeze, my ear pounding with my rapid heartbeat as I watch the fog clear and Ezrah is revealed. His body is soaked, and he holds a rock looking item in his arms before he looks away and then glances back over my shoulder.
"I never wanted it to go this way, my friend." He whispers, "I will leave you her ashes. I suggest you do with them what you had proposed. But this...this one will remain with me.”
"I can not let you take it. The dragons will hunt us down for it." Merikh says, his voice heavy with threat.
"That is the point. They come for you
and my kind is never even a suspect. Who will believe you now that all your allies are dead? Take your Luna, lick your wounds and prepare for the onslaught of the dragon king. Phoenix or not, he still considered
her his queen, and your side killed
her." 
I can't even process his words, my heart aching too much to understand the gravity of what he is saying. But Merikh doesn't miss a beat as he launches himself for Ezrah and tackles him down.
They both hit the ground with extreme force, Ezrah popping up with incredible speed as he darts around Merikh, delivering hits when he least expects it.
The little oval rock tumbles to the ground when Merikh expects a strike and he lunges his fist into Ezrah's neck, making him stumble back and hold his throat as he tries to breathe. I reach down, lifting the little stone,
my
widening as it grows warm
in my hand and a small throbbing seems to strike like clockwork.
A heartbeat.
Giselle wasn't bluffing. She laid an egg, as weird as it sounds. But inside of this tiny rock-like thing is a living fire dwelling little baby.
"I didn't want to kill you," Ezrah grits out, drawing my attention as I look up and see that he has used his speed and out maneuvered Merikh. Ezrah holds a pointed stick hoisted up and Merikh by the hair as he goes to drive it into my mate's throat.
“STOP!” I roar, unable to withstand the mere thought of losing Merikh. Ezrah freezes as I raise the egg over my head. “Let him go. NOW! Or I will end whatever is in this damn thing."
###Chapter 126
"There is a life form in there," Ezrah reminds me as if I give a shit. Right now, the only life I care about is the one with a pointy stick near his throat.
"I don't fucking care." I grit out, a gentle breeze tickling through my hair as the fog swirls about, moving across the barren wasteland like tendrils of smoke.
Ezrah's lips twitch, pulling into a grim line before he nods and lets go of Merikh. He takes a step back and puts his hands up in surrender. Then he throws the stick he must have brought with him to the side. My chest heaves, my face wet with tears. The small rock like egg in my hand hums lightly, vibrating through my weary muscles as I lower it to my chest.
"What now?" Ezrah asks.
"You fucking leave." Merikh growls, rising to his feet, ready for another round with Ezrah.
"You can not beat me, Alpha. Not in the current state you are in and I will not hesitate to kill you," Ezrah says. His words are calm and factual. Merikh is exhausted and still not in the best health after the last forty-eight hours. Hell, the last two weeks even.
"Take it and leave." I whisper.
"What?" Merikh asks, shocked, as he whips his head in my direction. Maybe he sees something in my face, or perhaps he feels the emptiness in me. But he stops his protesting and his eyes soften. "You have exactly ten seconds to get it and get the fuck away from here."
Ezrah rushes forward as I gently drop the egg on to the wet ashy ground. He swoops it up, and pauses, looking at us like he wants to say something more but can't find the words.
"I am sorry for my part-"
"We will hunt you down, and we will find you Ezrah. Your expertise is delivering messages. Ours is hunting." Merikh says, his voice a dark threat as Ezrah frowns and nods in understanding. "We shall see," he murmurs before he runs away.
Merikh moves toward me, his hands taking hold of my shoulders as he lowers himself to look in my sullen eyes. A sorrowful frown tugs at the corner of his lips at what he sees, then his fingers sweep a hair from my forehead.
The sparks are the only thing that makes me feel like I am alive, fluttering through me and reminding me I have lost a lot, but not everything. Not everyone.
"We need to find and collect Giselle's ashes," He murmurs, leaning in to press his lips to my forehead.
"I'll wait here." I whisper, my voice hoarse as the tears flow again. "They are over there somewhere...I can't...I don't want to..."
"Shh, it's okay. You stay and wait here for me, okay?" He braces both sides of my face, forcing me to meet his worried gaze. "I will be right back,"
I nod, unsure of how else to respond when I know if I open my mouth, the only thing that will come out will be a sob. Everything feels like it is too much. Simply waiting for him makes my heart pound and my body ache, but the mere thought of moving is agonizing. If my pain were purely physical, it would be one thing. But how do I live with a pain no one can see or understand?
I am hollow. Like a pumpkin gutted and cut up to be put on display. Am I expected to placate everyone when it feels like my heart has been ripped from me? Must I wear a smile when just the thought of it makes me feel sick?
"LUNA! ALPHA!" Percy's voice rings through the air, the dense fog rolling out as he rushes through it, his face relaxing when he sees me standing here, blinking at him. He has a bag in his hand that he hurries to open as he makes his way over to me, pulling out a black shirt and a pair of sweatpants.
"Here you are Luna," he gives me a gentle, encouraging smile as he offers it to me, but my arms won't move as I look down at it and then back up at him. My poor gamma takes pity on me as he quickly slams the shirt over my head. I push my arms through in a trance, taking the pants and slipping into them.
"Does it still hurt?" I croak. And he pulls his brows together.
"What?" he asks, confused, looking down at his body for some injury.
"Her death?" I ask, my voice cracking. "She was the only family you had left, and now you are all alone. Does it ever not feel suffocating?"
"Penny's death is still fresh, Luna. But I breathe every day the same as I did before. I just do it for her now." He admits, then he looks around, his eyes wide. "Where is Alpha Merikh?"
I point to the north, where Merikh
collects the ashes of the stupid bird that killed my parents. She stole my future kids' grandparents. Took from them@love that is so pure and sweet, took from me that joy of watching that. 
"Is he...I mean he is okay?" He swallows and glance up at him, snapping out of my ever growing whole of pain. Then I realize what he thinks has happened. A pang of guilt slams into me, my eyes growing wide and my hands coming up, shaking to signify he has it wrong.
"No! Heavens no. He is well, Merikh is collecting what is left of Giselle to finish the plan." I explain, taking what little ability I have to feel grateful that at least I still have Merikh.
"Thankfully, we can just give her remains over to King Caspian and he can take care of it from there-" He pauses when my hand flies over my mouth, a soft cry tumbling out. "Oh fuck..., No,"
I nod my head yes; the tears falling as my other hand slides over my stomach, hugging myself.
"They are gone." I say through a voice crack.
"They?"
"Both of them."
"They saved us. They saved all of us," Merikh says, coming up to us, a charcoal looking piece of wood in his arms. I notice a pile of ashes in a groove of the item he is holding, almost as if it is a nature made long bowl.
"Is that her?" I ask, looking up at the sky, wiping my tears.
"Yes." He announces and Percy frowns, peeking closer at it.
"Why is it a different color than normal ash?" He asks, pointing out the startlingly white ash that nearly glows. "It looks radioactive."
"Because bitch was toxic, she created toxic waste." I mutter bitterly to no one in particular.
Merikh and he both blink at me for a
moment before breaking into
Velet
laughter. It seems strange to watch them where everything awful happened, laugh so freely. But with no warning, a strangled laugh bubbles up, breaking free as it takes me over. It has a strange hold on me. A laugh that is one of relief things are over and heartbroken. How can a movement be both freeing and agonizing all at once? 
"Percy, take this," Merikh says, holding out the singed wood.
I can't stop, the laughter turning hysterical until hiccups form and my lungs burn for air as I try to calm myself.
"Alright, my little Luna." He whispers, swooping up my convulsing body. "Let's get you home."
"I-i-I'm sorry." I force out, trying to control myself but having no luck. "Am I dying?"
"Of laughter and heartbreak?" Merikh asks, "No, love. You are breaking, but it's okay. I've got you, and I will help put you back together."
###Chapter 127
Chapter 127
*Merikh*
"Have you spoken with Beta Hayes?" Percy asks, the ashes of Giselle in his arms as I carry a now sleeping Colette. My muscles are tense, my instincts screaming out as I try to reach my brother and get no mind link back.
"We might be too far out." I suggest. Percy nods like it is a possibility, but I think we both know that something is terribly wrong. I can feel the pack. I know they are near and that I am well within range of Hayes, yet he says nothing.
-Hayes, answer me, that is an alpha order-I shoot out to him directly one more time.
The silence is deafening and the nagging in my gut tells me he is dead, or in need of saving.
"Fuck," I mutter, my chest ripping in two when I look down at my tear stained luna, who is pale and speckled with injuries, do not heal, even with my presence and constant holding of her.
"Do you want me to go look for him?" Percy asks, just as figures are seen in the distance.
"No," I say, zeroing in on them as I break into a labored run, “I need you to take Colette to the healers and get her in a bath of healing waters immediately. Hayes is my responsibility. I will find him and then kick his ass for not responding."
It's a grim joke, but in order to keep my mind from fearing the worst, I need the light release of humor. Percy, heavens bless him, forces out a tight chuckle, waving down the warriors in front of us. They sprint toward us, eyes wide when they see the sight and then tilt their head, confused, looking at what is in Percy's arms.
"Is Luna Colette okay?" Brandy, one of my top warriors, asks.
"She is in need of healing. Percy will take her." I glance around, noting the bodies on the ground are either bloody or burned. Many of them are my people, and a sadness grows deeper in my chest.
"Where is Beta Hayes?" Percy asks, motioning for the warrior with Brandy to take the ashes.
"No one has seen him since-" Brandy pauses and clears her throat.
"Since what, Brandy?" I ask, my voice firm as my stomach twists in knots. Percy steps up and I gently place Colette into his arms, then scan around once more, trying to decide in which direction I need to look first.
"Leandra disappeared. One moment she was there and the next she was running from the pack house screaming."
"Get to the point already, Nate." Brandy hisses at him. "The alpha doesn't need the details. He needs a general idea of where to find Beta Hayes."
He furrows his brows and looks at the ground.
"His mate went crazy and ran into the woods screaming. All the wolves with the red eyes did-
"We tried to stop him, but Beta Hayes went beyond the line, Alpha. He crossed behind the dragons and they chased him and Leandra. As soon as the fog hit and the dragons left, we started looking for them, but truthfully...I am not holding out much hope for their survival." Brandy says, tears in her eyes.
"Get Percy, Colette, and those ashes to the pack house now. I will return." I spin on my heels when thin fingers gently squeeze my wrist, the fluttering in my stomach disappearing as the bond relieves my worries, even if just for a moment.
"Merikh," Colette whispers, I turn, giving her a gentle look before her teary eyes meet mine.
"I will be back soon," I tell her and she seems to shrink at the thought of me leaving her side. "Hayes is missing,"
She registers my words and nods slightly before she tries to get out of Percy's arms.
"Let me help," she croaks.
"Not a chance, my love. You can barely walk and stay awake. Unfortunately, you would only slow me down. I promise I will be back as soon as I can." I assure her. She reluctantly nods, and I press my lips to hers in a chaste kiss before taking off.
If Hayes is injured, if he is truly out here somewhere, I need to find him before it is too late. My family consists of Colette and Hayes, and losing either of them now, after everything would feel like losing an extension of me. All I can hope is that I find him and Leandra hopefully just passed out from a blast with minimal injury.
Exhaustion is my only companion, as I run from body to body in different openings, hoping to find either of them or at least a clue of where the hell to go next. It feels fruitless and slow, the tedious work of fluttering from person to person.
-Warriors, Beta Hayes is missing, as is his mate. We need to find them now.-- I shoot through the pack mindlink, unable to hide the franticness in my voice.
It is wrong and an asshole move to ask them to stop looking for their friends and loved ones to look for mine, but desperation wins out. Their beta needs them as much as they need him. As much as I need him.
There is a collective yes alpha even though it was not an order, but more of a plea. The hollering of his name rings out through barren trees and echoes off once vast part of forest. "Hayes!" I scream, my voice hoarse as I feel it straining to work through the heavy smell of smoke that clogs my lungs, even after the wave and fog eliminated the flames. "ALPHA MERIKH!" My name rings out and I spin, trying to find the location when I see a young warrior break out of some trees, frantically waving me down. "Alpha! Here!" "You found him?" I ask, my heart beating like a war drum heading into a battle. My legs carry me toward him as I break into a faster run with every step.
"He is this way," the warrior says, turning and leading me. The trees where he takes me are untouched by the fire, all dusted in a light layering of wet ash, but the further we move, the denser the greenery is and the ash disappears.
"Are you
sure?" I ask him and the man frowns, a gloom look on his face as he looks away, pointing behind a rock.
"I am sure, Alpha."
Something feels off, the air stale, tasting slightly of burned flesh and boiled blood. My nose scrunches at the smell, my mouth sealing closed to keep the stench of it from entering any way. I inch around the rock and my body freezes, unable to move, my chest burning and my blood vacating my face so quickly it feels like I might faint.
"Hayes," his name falls from my lips as I snap into action, flying to my knees and landing at his side.
A raging burn licks up the side of his face, nasty little tendrils where the flame had burned hotter reaching up and into his hairline. Muscles are exposed in some parts of his chest, the melted, twisted flesh bleeding into his neck.
It looks as if half his upper body took a direct his from a dragon's flame, but under it all, behind the stench and the burns and blood, I see the slow rise and fall of his chest.
"What of his mate?" I ask the young warrior, who doesn't respond. I sigh heavily, turning to look at him and chastise him for his lack of response when I see him look up into a tree. My eyes follow his line of sight and bile rises in my throat.
"AHHH!" Hayes lets out a scream of agony that makes my skiing crawl.
"Hayes, I know it hurts, it's okay-"
"NO!" He roars, his burned arm shoving at my chest and knocking me aside, then he looks up and he stares. He says nothing as he lays back down, his eyes focused on the mangled flesh of Leandra in the tree.
"Hayes," I say once more. But he doesn't register me or my words. He focuses only on his dead mate, his eyes locked on her cold and lifeless, bleeding orbs.
###Chapter 128
Hold on, Hayes." I mutter, crawling over to him.
His eyes don't move from her, the grotesque way her body looks as it hangs there, various parts of her impaled on branches. It's not until I move in his line of sight that I see any genuine emotion from him. His void eyes slowly blink as he looks at me like he has no idea who I am.
"Kill me." He garbles out, his words gutting me as my anger grows.
"Not a chance in hell," I grit out.
His blistering hand reaches up as he tries to grab my shirt, his fingers unwilling to bend to his will as he grunts in pain. It drops like a heavy rock to the ground.
"Please," he whispers, his breathing ragged and sounding full of emotion.
"No." I growl, unable to control myself or the hurt in my chest. "We are family. You are my brother. I will get you through this, we will get you through this, Colette and I will."
He turns his face away from me, a sob in chest as he refuses to speak anymore. I stand, bending low as I grunt and hoist him up. His skin squishes against me and he cries out in agony as I try to adjust to how I grip him. Once he seems calm and I have a better hold, I take off running, the warrior just ahead of me, leading the way.
Warriors stop and stare, their eyes filled with sorrow and worry as they see their beta in my arms, deformed and unmoving. I look around, hoping for Brandy when I see Colette walk out. She stops in her tracks when she sees me. For a moment I wait for her to cry or panic. I half expect her to rush over and ask for information.
"Percy," she calls out, looking behind her. "Grab the healers and send for Calvin."
"Calvin?" I ask her, confused as she moves over to me. "I thought..."
"Oh Hayes," she whispers, looking at him in my arms, and then she touches my biceps in the most loving and reassuring way. "He will be okay, Merikh."
"Alpha," A healer rushes out, his eyes growing wide when he sees the state of Hayes, but instead of speaking, he takes him from me.
Everything seems to move at hyper speed around me. One moment they are taking him from me and the next I am seated in the living room trying to understand what is taking so long. Colette's thumb rubs up and down the top of my hand, her arm tucked around mine as she snuggles into my side.
"How is it this is the most normal thing we have done our entire relationship, and it is under the most terrifying circumstances?" I mutter and chuckle dryly to myself.
"It's the first time it feels like life has come to a halt." She whispers back, her voice raw. I look down at her, taking a minute to appreciate that even in her hurting, she is here comforting me. Colette shows me once again not only how considerate she is, but how strong she is.
"How are you? Truly?" I ask her. My free hand comes up to gently stroke her cheek and she leans into it. She then pauses and says nothing until she exhales heavily and tilts her chin up to look at me. "Horrible." her voice squeaks, tears brimming her eyes, and she pulls her lips to an impossibly sweet little smile. "But at least I have you. And hopefully, Leandra will be around soon to help him heal."
I wince and she notices as I look away, realizing how much I have failed my brother and his now deceased mate.
"What?" she asks, rising on the couch as she looks me over for injury, her hands lifting my shirt, searching for something that isn't there.
"I am fine," I exhale, grabbing her hands and tugging her to me.
"Then why do you look like you are getting cut open when I ask about Leandra?" She asks.
"She is dead, Colette." The words feel wrong as they slip from my lips. Her eyes grow wide before they soft and her shoulders droop.
"But you said...I thought you meant she was severely injured and couldn't be moved. That is why he looked catatonic." She murmurs to herself.
"I need to collect her body," I say,
releasing her and standing. Fuck, if Hayes knew I left her like that, he would never forgive me. Hell, I would never forgive him for it, either. [left my brother's mate's dead body spiked to a fucking tree. What kind
of asshole just forgets that kind
body? 
get her
"It has already been taken care of, Alpha. Leandra's body is being cleaned up and prepared for when Hayes is ready to return her to the moon goddess." Percy says as he pauses at the doorway. "Poor Hayes," Colette exhales.
"Do you think he will be okay?" Percy asks, as he enters the room with a tray. He crosses in front of us, placing it down on the coffee table and then stands.
"I don't know," I admit, the very thought that Hayes might very well never recover looms over me. He is the sunshine-y one. The one with expert advice and who has been with me through my worst times. "Eat," Percy demands. But the very thought of food makes my stomach churn violently as I taste bile.
"Maybe a little later," I mumble, trying to keep the bile from inching further up my throat as it burns its way up into my tastebuds.
"The only thing that kept me going
the weeks after losing Penny is everyone forcing food on me." He gives a tight-lipped smile and gesture's to the plate. "I would say to go take a shower, but it seems like a pointless suggestion since I've said it at least six times and received no answer. So instead, eat. Both of you." 
"I'm not hungry," Colette says softly, her voice sounding a little numb.
"Percy sounds more like he is demanding rather than asking." I tell her and she blinks at the tray.
"Sorry, Alpha and Luna, but I won't leave until you try something on the tray." He insists. I shoot him a glare and he pretends to not see it as he looks away at a spot on the ceiling. Colette frowns at the plate of food, then her stomach lets out a raging howl for something to eat. 
With a small sad smirk, I lean forward and grab a few slices of cheese and hand them to her, nibbling on my own.
"Alpha," Calvin says gently, his eyes soft and full of sorrow as he steps into the living room. Colette and I jump up, her hand entwining with mine as we support each other.
"Well?" I ask him, a wad of cheese lodging in my throat as I try to swallow.
"He is alive, and it seems he will survive his injuries, but he..." he pauses and drags his hand down his face. "He will forever bear the scar of the dragon's flame on his body." "Scarring is nothing compared to life." I sigh in relief. Colette gives my hand a gentle squeeze.
"It is not his physical health that I am worried about, Merikh." He says, lowering his voice. "He is in shock, I think, or something similar, and he refuses to speak or acknowledge anyone's presence. It would be best to not press him anytime soon."
"And Leandra's body?" Colette asks.
Calvin cleans his throat and scratches the back of his neck in thought. Then he exhales deeply and shakes his head.
"Her death was not swift or painless. She suffered greatly before she died. It is my opinion that your beta was unable to stop what happened and witnessed it. His reserved and mournful state would make more sense."
"He blames himself?" I ask him, licking my dry lips.
"Of course he does," Colette says softly. "How could he not? It's Hayes.
11
I look between the two of them with me and then I chew on the inside of my cheek.
"Do you think he will recover fully over time?" I ask him, and Calvin shakes his head. "The only way to be sure is to wait."
###Chapter 129
I groan as I crawl onto the plush bed, plopping down next to Colette's sleeping body. My tired muscles twitch and tingle through me, from the hair on my head down to my toes. It doesn't matter that I've napped, or that my brother has refused to see me. What matters is my body is finally ready to shut down, and the thought has never felt so alluring.
Colette rustles as she rolls over onto her back, her eyes trained on mine in the low light of the room. I rise onto my elbow, scooting closer with great effort, and she bites her lips in a restrained giggle. My brow arches with a smirk.
"Something you want to say, Luna?" I drop my voice low, reaching out and gently stroking her cheek.
"No, I just..." she pauses, looking at my face before meeting my gaze.
"What?" I ask a concern growing in the pit of my stomach.
"I just love you." The words I have heard so many times feel different.
Maybe it's the heaviness of the days or the fact that this moment has a looming cloud of heartache, but they are weighted. Each one punctuated with the simplicity of the statement, but the inflection of her voice, the sincerity in her eyes. There is no way I can or will ever doubt that she means it. I can see it, feel it.
"That's convenient." I smile, "I just love you, too."
She giggles before she tugs at the blankets under me, prompting me to sit up.
"Do you love me enough to get off the top of the blankets so we can sleep?" She asks with a sweet smile popping on her face to convince me to move, but I see the veiled threat in it.
Colette may ask with her words, but her eyes are informing me I will be moving. I chuckle, rising up and crawling off the blankets before crawling under the silky textured sheets and heavy comforter. "Now come cuddle me," she demands.
My arm is already reaching out for her when she demands her cuddles, and before she can finish her sentence, I scoop her flush to my body. Colette wiggles into me, the back of her head pressing lightly to my lips. Her small body shudders in my arms and she presses into me further, silence coming over us as my eyes drift slowly closed.
"Thank you," she whispers suddenly.
"For what?" I ask, my voice groggy and just above the whisper.
"In your arms, it almost feels like I can pretend." She says.
"Pretend what?" I ask before realizing how dense the question is.
"That my parents are still alive. That everything is okay and we are safe." Her voice breaks, as I hear a little sniffle. My heart falls to my feet and I lick my lips, trying to come up with anything I can to provide her comforting words.
"Everything is okay, Colette, and you are safe. When you are in my arms, you are safe." I assure her, her breathing hitches. "They are really gone this time."
"But my parents are dead." She says as if she still can't believe it.
"Yes," I sigh, hoping I am answering these questions right for her. "So that you could be here safe in my arms,"
"I know it sounds selfish, because they sacrificed so that everyone could survive, but...Is it so wrong to wish they could be here too? Is that selfish?"
I frown against her hair.
"Love doesn't make you selfish, it makes you self less. Caspian and Melody could be selfless because of how much they loved you."
"And now they don't get to love anymore." She says, her body now shaking in my arms as I squeeze her tight.
"Nah, I don't think love dies that easily," I whisper in her ear. "Love remains after someone is gone. It's how we act, the ways we mirror them and the memories we cherish." She cries, nodding her head,
"When did you get so good at this?" she asks me and I give a dry chuckle.
"I lost my parents, too." I remind her and she turns in her arms, facing me.
"Was it hard?" She whispers, her cheeks glistening with her shed tears.
"Yeah, love. It was very hard," I tell her and she gives me a soft smile that doesn't meet her eyes.
"Let's just sleep." She says through a rising yawn. "Maybe there I can pretend they are still here."
It doesn't take long for her to pass out, her muscles relaxing in my arms and her body settling into me with a gentle pressing of working lungs. I stave off my exhaustion for a few more minutes, watching her sleep, allowing myself this moment of peace.
When she wakes, the depth of her grief will truly settle in and I don't know what that will look like. I just know that tomorrow I will fight against grief on two fronts, my mates and my brothers.
I shoot out of bed, my heart pounding so violently my chest begs for reprieve. My weary eyes drift over to Colette, who pushes herself up as well, her eyes scanning the room.
The scream happens again, one that is full of agony and suffering. I move across the room, slipping into sweatpants before rushing to the door. My hand freezes on the doorknob, my fingers flexing before I look back at Colette.
"Go," she urges me with sincerity. "Hayes needs you more than I do right now."
With her blessing, I break through the door and sprint through the old pack house, hoping my memory is good enough to deliver me right to his room. But another cry breaks out this time, a softer, more painful whimpering as if he is screaming into a pillow.
I break through the door, my heart
pounding as stare at the deformed and blistered left side of my brother's back and arm. It doesn't look nearly as raging in the very minimal lighting of the room, but there is no way it doesn't cause him immense pain. 
"Hayes," I say, shutting the door behind me.
I move in front of him, his hand injured hand shaking on his knee and his good hand moving just as much. He looks down at the ground, his shoulders heaving up and down. Then slowly, he lifts his chin and I nearly break down.
"Merikh," he croaks out, his mouth opening as he sputters out a heavy exhale and his chest stutters in breath. It reminds me of when he was little and we would spar. On the rare occasion I would hurt him, he would just look up at me, begging for comfort.
"Shit," My eyes water but I hold it back, squatting down before him, unsure of how to comfort someone you can't hug or touch because of an injury. With Colette, a simple touch can ease her mental load and her pain. But that's the beauty of the mate bond. The very bond he is mourning. 
"Please," he sobs. "Please, just kill me. I don't want to be here. I don't deserve to be here."
"What are you talking about?" I say, trying to keep my anger at bay.
He is hurting, breaking apart, and while I can put Colette back together again, Hayes needs to put himself together. I will hold his pieces as long as he needs, but this is his journey. The best I can do is make it a smoother ride.
"Every time I close my eyes I see it," he says, his voice a raspy mess.
“I know,” I murmur, trying to be as encouraging as possible. His eyes go black and he snarls at me.
"You don't know!" He screams. "If you knew, you wouldn't want me as your beta anymore."
"Then don't tell me," I say simply. "You are and will always be my beta for a long time." "Unless I die." He mutters, looking past me and out the window.
"You aren't going to die. I was already told you are on the mend." I tell him.
"That doesn't mean I can't die." He says, his eyes finding mine as he blinks slowly.
He looks void. The only emotion left
is that of a man who has no will to live, and I realize what he is saying. My brow pop up in surprise. This is not like Hayes at all, the bubbly, happy brother who is always a great confidant and friend. This is the broken Hayes, the hollow one with no desire to exist, and it hurts my very being. 
"Beta, you are not allowed to take any actions that may cause your death. If you are in a fight, you must put in all your effort. That is an order," I boom out, my nostrils flaring in frustration.
He jumps up with a roaring scream, shoving me into the window behind me, the glass panes rattling with the force.
"I watched!" He hisses, his face mere inches from mine. "They made me watch while I struggled. I was inferior, I AM inferior, incapable."
"Brother, I am sorry." I say softly and he snorts a condescending laugh, shoving me again. "Being forced to watch something doesn't make you inferior."
"They impaled her on the tree, and when she refused to scream as they tortured her for fucking fun, they did this." He points to his face. "Because they wanted me to remember."
"Then get revenge, don't let them win," I urge him and he pushes off of me, wincing as he turns away.
"They already won. That's what I am fucking telling you." He mutters.
###Chapter 130
*Colette*
I yank the covers over my head, my knees pulling up as I struggle to keep myself from breaking into tears. Merikh has been the only thing keeping them at bay. He is my strength even when he doesn't try. His very presence brings me a calm, but since he has left me I feel like I have nothing else to think about but what I am missing.
Well, more like who I am missing, both of them.
I didn't have them for long, yet it felt like forever as the memories I once lost or repressed come flooding back with every passing second I live in a world without them.
Merikh's distress breaks through our mate bond, his emotions overwhelming as his worry for Hayes melds with my own. I toss my blanket off, jumping up and grabbing a robe before I fly out of the room.
My knees give out as I stumble into the wall, an arm grabbing my elbow as I am pulled up. I meet a frowning freckled face when I look up and Percy releases me.
"Where are you heading to, Luna?" He asks. "You should be resting."
"Merikh needs me," I tell him and though he looks unpleased, he silently leads the way, looking over his shoulder to indicate that I should follow him.
"I take it he heard Beta Hayes' nightmare and went to check on him?" He asks.
"We both did," I admit, tugging my robe tighter as I recall the way his voice broke through even my most exhausted state of sleep. "Have you seen him?"
"Beta Hayes?" he asks, slowing down so I can walk next to him. My legs feel wobbly with every step. What I need is sleep and a day in the healing waters again. And Merikh.
"Yeah," I say, recalling just how terrible Hayes looked when we checked on him before going to our room. Guilt prickles at my neck. I should want Merikh to be at his brother's side, but the selfish, hurting part of me wants him with me at all times.
Percy exhales, his hand sliding through his red hair as he nods and he makes a worried face.
"His loss is different from ours." He says softly. "He has not only lost his mate, but a part of himself. Those scars will not heal. They will be a constant reminder of how he feels he failed her."
"I know," I admit. "But I have never seen someone alive looking so close to death."
"Losing a mate is incredibly hard to recover from." Percy says, "Or so I am told. All I know is Alpha Merikh is the only person to know both yours and Hayes' pain."
It's like he can see through me. Like Percy knows exactly what thoughts rival in my head as I look at the ground and struggle with my emotions.
"Hayes will need him more," I whisper, my voice betraying me as it cracks. I clear my throat and roll my shoulders back.
"We can't know that, not until we see how you both are doing in a few days' time." He offers me a reassuring smile.
"NO!" Hayes' voice roars through the hallway, startling me as I jump. Percy takes a small step in front of me as if waiting for an attack, but nothing happens. Hushed angry voices seem to come from the same room as I press my hand to Percy's forearm, stepping past him and moving to the open door.
"I can do that all I fucking want," Merikh says in a pained tone. His voice is full of sadness. "You aren't in your right mind."
As I enter the doorway, I witness Hayes, throwing his hands in anger before he turns to the wall and throws his head back in a wrenching scream that pains even my throat.
He hammers at the wall, his bandaged hand and other fist breaking holes into the smooth surface, dust dispersing with every strike. He howls out in pain as he drops to his knees, sobbing loudly.
"I hate you," Hayes cries out, pressing his forehead to the fractured wall. "I fucking hate you."
His words silence everything, only this heavy breathing and softer growing sobs able to be heard as Merikh stands behind him, arms at his side lost for words.
"I don't want you to hurt yourself, or worse, kill yourself." Merikh says, his words sounding distant as if they aren't really for Hayes but for himself. A reminder of why he is putting his brother through whatever he is going through.
"I am already dead." Hayes whispers as he calms down. "How many times must I tell you? I want to be dead. I deserve to be dead."
My hands slide up the wide collar of the robe and I squeeze both sides together tightly. Merikh walks around to the side of the bed nearest Hayes, and he slumps onto the edge, his shoulders dropping in defeat.
I can feel his internal struggle the way he wrestles with doing what he thinks is best and what his brother wants. Merikh has lost a brother, even though he sits here before us, the Hayes we know is gone.
"Hayes," I say, stepping forward, hoping to distract him from his own anger and self hatred. He turns to glance at me, his right eyes red and puffy as he blinks, his other eye bandage over, but I can see the streak where the tears run under it.
"You think bringing your mate here
to console me over my dead mate will help?" Hayes says in a dead tone. He glides a glance to his brother. "Would you let me have her for a night if you thought it would help? You don't want me to die, so léther help me feel alive? ts that what you are doing?" 
Merikh shoots up in an instant.
"Enough!" He roars, the room radiating with his anger and his alpha aura. "You are in pain and mourning, so I will let such a heinous accusation go, Hayes, but if you say something like that again, I will-"
"You will what?" he asks with a
ghost of a smile on his lopsided mouth. His tongue flicks out, wetting his lip, a small wince in his eye before he grins maliciously. "You'll kill me? In that case, come hop on Colette, take this beta for a test ride-" 
Merikh reaches down and grabs Hayes by the throat, his hand sliding over the sensitive blister skin. Hayes grunts in pain, but he seems to thrive on it. Then Merikh tosses him on the bed, stepping in front of
me.
"You are not the only person who lost someone," I rush out, grabbing Merikh's hand, holding him back.
"Oh yeah? You seem happy enough." He hisses, as he rights himself on the bed, groaning in pain, his body shaking from the weight of it.
"Some of us deal with grief a little more gracefully." I tell him with a frown. He glances away, embarrassed, or so I hope. "My parents are gone."
"I watched Leandra get tortured to death," he growls, shooting me a scowl.
"And I failed to do what I needed to do to save us all, so my parents stepped in to do it and they died in my place." I retort.
He pauses, his agony filled eyes meeting mine as he slowly nods, a tear racing down his smooth cheek. He lets it fall before he looks away and then back up at me.
"Merikh won't let me die with her,” he
says, his voice breaking. I exhale softly, my head tilting to the side as I move-over to him. "He alpha ordered me not to kill myself or allow myself to get killed. I just got her and now..." 
Tears sting my eyes as I nod in complete understanding.
"Hayes, I know." I whisper, biting my lip as I sit next to him and take his hand. "I know exactly what you mean."
Tears roll from my cheeks and I feel Hayes' body shake as he cries as well.
"At least yours died for a reason." He says after a moment of crying. "Leandra... She wasn't herself. She died and she..." He closes his eye and shakes his head.
"What?"
"Forget it, I just need to be alone," he says, taking his hand back before he stands and hobbles to the couch.
"Okay." Merikh replies, sounding defeated. He takes my hand, drawing me up from the bed before he wipes away a tear. We move to the door, Percy already in the hall waiting for us as Merikh pauses.
"I am sorry," Hayes whispers, but he doesn't look in our direction. "It was wrong to say what I did."
"You are forgiven, brother." Merikh says, his tone is gentle and his eyes on his brother who still shies away from us.
"I don't think I can ever forgive you for this order," he whispers as we walk out the door. "You are overstepping as an alpha."
Merikh hesitates, his focus falling to the ground as he gives a soft, barely noticeable nod.
"I will never ask for forgiveness," He says back, "I'm acting as a big brother, and using every vessel I can to save my family."
"I will send a healer in with a sleep tonic." I offer to his back. Hayes nods in acceptance and in the silence we make our way back to our room.
"Hayes is right, you know. You did misuse your alpha command," I tell Merikh, though I don't blame him. In fact, I applaud him for doing it.
"And I will do it again if I need to." He says.
"Do you think it will really keep him from doing anything?" I ask.
"We can only hope." He mutters, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose.
"Would you do it to me?" I ask him, and he scoffs.
"Without a second thought, my love."
###Chapter 131
I stare out at the lake, the one that first made me feel like I was at home. The water glistens in the sun, the waves lapping gently as a breeze dances across it. It's been two weeks. Two weeks since my dad and mom sacrificed themselves. I didn't wake up crying this morning, which is a new thing for me in the past weeks.
"How are you today, my little luna?" Merikh asks, his hands slipping around my waist as he places his chin in the crook of my neck. My hand slips up, gliding into his wet locks after his morning shower.
It's a question that irks me, one that everyday I hear it I fear I will scream. But today, it just feels...different. I spin in his arms, my other hand lifting as I place them both behind his neck. He kisses me lightly, his gentle touch sending a shiver down my spine.
"I'm...okay." I whisper as he pulls back, a soft smile on his plush lips.
"That's a different answer than you usually give." He says, dropping to my height as he searches my eyes. "Are you feeling alright?"
"I am feeling fine." I say with a reassuring tilt of my chin. "Are you really going to ask me this every single day?"
He lifts a single brow. "Would you prefer I not check on you?"
"No, it's just..." I press my lips together, unsure of how to say it.
"I'm being overbearing?" He finishes for me and I nod in affirmation.
"I love you, and that you care so much but, maybe just wait for me to tell you I'm not okay?" I offer, and he frowns.
"All I can promise is to tone it down and not ask a million times a day, but I will check on you."
"Fine," I sigh heavily, rolling my eyes. "Where are you headed?"
I ask as he releases me and moves toward the dresser. I watch as he drops the towel around his waist, my teeth immediately finding my lip as a wave of heat rushes through me. My head tilts to the side, watching him in all his naked glory, a huge, knowing grin on his face.
"Why? Do you have plans for me?" He teases as he slips into his boxer briefs. I chuckle and glance at the raging erection that his clothing can not hide.
"Seems like you have some ideas about what you want us to do." I murmur, my cheek growing red as I saunter toward him.
"Why do you do this to me?" he groans with a huge smile on his lips.
"Do what? You are the one undressing in front of me. I was literally just standing here." I retort playfully, which makes him laugh. It fills the room, feeding my aching soul.
"I have an important meeting, otherwise I would undress you," He says, stalking toward me, his abs rippling and the look in his eye needy. "Maybe I will still do it,"
"I have to shower," I inform him, and he backs me against the wall, his bare chest pressing into my thin white tank top. My body reacts, my breath hitching as I feel him press against me.
"Should have joined me for mine." He whispers, his lips dipping down and tickling my ear with his heated breath. I shiver, my body lurching into his as I can't control my hips as they roll into his. Merikh groans his approval and I giggle, turning my head to the side as he assaults my neck with tender kisses.
"Are you sure you don't have time?" I gasp out, his hand slipping down my waist and over my ass as he goes further and lifts my thigh. His legs widen and he meets my hips with his as he lifts me from the ground.
"Not enough to do what I want to." He grunts into my shoulder.
"Mmm," I can't help but moan at his touch.
His hand slips down between us. I feel him tug at my shorts, pushing them aside before pleasure fills me and I cling to him tighter. He rolls his hips, my own meeting him as Merikh works quickly. I slip up and down the wall at my back, my body pressed into it with every move as his hand comes up beside me, pressing against the wall for better leverage.
"Merikh," I whisper his name, his groaning filling my ears as he quickly moves closer with each movement.
"Finish for me, my luna." He mutters in a raspy breath into my ear.
"No," I whimper, wanting it to last, needing him inside me for longer. The moment I let go, I return to reality and he leaves me. "Stay longer,"
"Fuck, Colette." He grunts, his body and muscles twitching against me.
There is a knock at the door, and Merikh freezes, looking over his shoulder. I can see he is torn as his eyes find mine. Then a glimmer of mischief brings back that bubble of sultry need as I force my hips out, only my upper back pressing into the wall. I can feel the difference in how deep he goes and there is no stopping the needy moan that escapes me.
"Don't stop," I rasp out.
His hand slips down between us, this time making quick work of me as I cry out his name, the two of us groaning as we find that ecstasy that only we can find together.
My vision explodes, and my muscles relax. It doesn't matter that my heart feels like it will pump out of my chest. I am completely in a puddle in his arms as he chuckles and moves me to the bed.
Merikh gentles tucks me in, pressing a hard kiss to my lips before he pulls back. Then he looks down at his wet boxers and chuckles.
"Try not to jump on me again while I am getting dressed. I am late for my meeting." He says, turning away.
Worry sits on my chest, erasing the
haze of pleasure in my mind. Did I really take up that much of his time?
е
All he does is go to meetings and come back to me exhausted and hold me while I cry. He is there every moment I tell him I need him, truly need him, but the last thing I want to be is a burden. 
"Colette," He says, his voice firm. "Erase those feelings, now."
I blink up at him and see his severe face.
"I miss you." I admit, and he looks truly remorseful.
"I know," he frowns. "You could come with me...if you wanted to?"
He looks hopeful that I will accept his invitation this time.
The knock sounds again, this time with a voice clearing to make it known they are still outside waiting.
"Maybe I will stop by a little later. I should probably visit Hayes." I give him a sorrowful half smile. He frowns, but he gets up and quickly changes and gets dressed. Merikh pauses at the door, turning to look at
me.
"Zale is going to be here today. I wanted to tell you sooner but..."
"You were afraid it would make me cry..." I finish for him, looking away, ashamed.
I wish I had better control over my
emotions. Truly, they have been more in check than they have been, but I can understand why he would think I would break down if I saw Zale. But then again, maybe that's what I need now. That knowledge that I've not lost that connection. That I still have family, granted they are in the ocean, but family is family. 
"You are allowed to grieve, Colette." Merikh says, breaking into my thoughts.
"I know." I sigh, then sit up in the bed, tucking my knees to my chest. "Perhaps it would be good for me to see Zale."
Merikh smiles with his eyes and opens the door. "I will see you at ten, then."
"Sure."
Then he flips the light switch off and leaves me in the darkness, with my thoughts and my grief.
The door opens quickly and I expect it to be Merikh, but when the switch flips on, I see a crazed-looking Hayes standing in the doorway, his body shaking. "Hayes." I say wide eyed, tugging the blanket a little higher.
"Tell me truthfully," he grits out, his eyes manic and his teeth grinding together. "Did you let that fucker go? With a fucking egg?"
My brows knit together and I open my mouth to speak, but he moves toward me, his demeanor intimidating.
"It was that or watch Merikh die." I stutter out, and he freezes, his face contorting in confusion.
"H-he was going to kill Merikh?"
"Yes! Otherwise I would have never let him leave." I say, hoping he can see the honesty in my eyes.
Hayes snarls as he spins away,
pacing in and out of the room. I
glimpse Percy's red hair and I relax knowing he is here. These two weeks have been much kinder to me in my grief than they have been to Hayes. He goes from distraught to fits of rage at a moment's notice. 
"I need your help." He states.
"With what?" I ask him, narrowing my eyes slightly.
"I want to go hunting, but I need you to convince Merikh to let me go."
"Hunting? For what?" I ask, confused.
"For Ezrah. His betrayal stole a life from me. I want to return the fucking favor." He says.
###Chapter 132
*Merikh*
There is a small knock before my office door pushes open and Colette peeks her head in. A smile replaces the frown I had been dawning since receiving the news that other packs throughout the kingdom are being attacked at random.
War has rules, or at least it used to, but now, nothing and no one is off limits to the dragons who seem keen on wiping us from the face of the earth.
"Has Zale arrived yet?" She asks, sashaying across the carpet. My heart leaps with the way she gives me a soft smile, her eyes glittering. Colette is still in deep mourning but to see her smile, of her own accord and without prompting, is so refreshing.
"Not yet." I say, looking down at the small clock on my desk. "But I expect he will be here soon."
"Then you have time to talk about something with me?" Her tone grows serious as she stops beside my desk, placing her hand down instead of continuing over to me. I arch a brow, turning in my chair to face her as I lean back.
"I always have time to talk with you about things, Colette." I say warily. It almost feels like a trap and by the way she looks away and clears her throat, I can only assume it is something she is worried about. Or afraid of the answer.
The thought enters my mind that maybe she wants to go back to the ocean. To either train or meet her other family in the depths of the ocean. My chest grows heavy and I wait anxiously for her to find the words she seems to struggle with.
"It's about Hayes." She mutters, her gaze meeting mine, as it feels like I can breathe again.
"Hayes?" I ask.
"Yes."
"Okay, what about Hayes?" I tilt my head, clasping my hands together in front of me.
"He seems to be doing better." She offers and I narrow my eyes, catching on immediately to what is going on.
"That sounds suspiciously like you are going to try to convince me he can go hunting for a villain." I say, my tone flat and my lips pressing together.
She chuckles and tucks a hair behind her ear. Such a simple and innocent motion as she looks up and quicks a wry smile. Fucking Hayes and his stupid ability to know how to play me. Using my mate against
me.
"Maybe." She shrugs. "But he doesn't have to go alone."
"Oh? He doesn't?" I ask, intrigued again. "And who will want to go on this suicide mission of his? Hayes is respected, but to ask this task is asking a lot of anyone."
She nods in silence before she saunters to me. She nudges my knees apart as she steps between my legs, my hands going to her waist as I lean forward and look at her. Colette's hands rest lightly on my forearms as she chews on the inside of her cheeks, looking for words.
"We could ask those who lost their mates to join him? Ones who want revenge like he does." She offers.
"And what good does it do to place a group of depressed, angry male lycans together on a hunting mission?" I ask her, my lips turning down in disappointment.
If there was a way I could send Hayes out to do what he wanted that ensured he and his group wouldn't try to not come back, I would do it. But right now, Hayes is too delicate. He is in that phase that Percy was in, looking for someone to kill for the sake of killing.
But this loss is different. Hayes lost a part of himself. When he looks in the mirror, he will never see the same man standing there looking back at him. He will see the reminder of when he let Leandra down, in his own words. We all know that is not the case, and I am certain Leandra knew this as well.
"Maybe give him time to prove he is willing to do this not just for revenge, but because our kind needs this too? What if we look at it as finding the cause of all of this so we can stop the war? Wouldn't that be a mission any warrior would want to sign up for?" Colette asks.
She makes a fair point. Wolves find happiness in their honor. To prove their worth, to save their loved ones from future pain and suffering, they would do anything. But before I will allow any of that, I need to know that Hayes will try to come back. That he will have something worth living for and not just be looking for a way out.
There is a knock before I can answer Colette, and Percy's voice calls through the oak door.
"Zale is here Alpha." He says.
"We will discuss this later," I assure Colette, rising to my full height. Then I lean down and press a gentle kiss to her soft lips. "But you make fair points."
"I know." She smiles, patting her hand on my chest before she breaks away from me and steps to the side.
"Come on in." I call out.
The door opens and Zale walks in, his hair slicked back and his eyes a honey golden as we walk to each other and shake hands.
"King Zale," I say, walking him into the room. "Come have a seat."
"It feels strange to be called that." He frowns, moving to the seat in front of my desk. He looks up and meets Colette's gaze for a moment before she looks away, her eyes filled with tears. A wave of her grief washes over me and I move to her, my
hands stroking her upper arms.
"If you prefer to leave, I will not be upset with you." I offer, but she clears her throat and meets my eyes.
"No, no. I will be fine." She smiles, though it doesn't reach her eyes. "I am fine."
"Colette, my deepest, most sincere condolences for both of your losses. Not just from me, but from our kingdom, the rest of your family," Zale says. "Thanks," she murmurs, unable to look up.
I give her one more pressing look
and she gives me a quick smile
before I make my way to my chair
and take a seat. She follows and
int
pull her into my lap, not caring in the slightest if it looks strange or unprofessional. It is clear she needs my touch right now, so I will place
that above all else. 
"I received the gift you sent me, in a stunning jar." He says, indicating he received the ashes of the bitch phoenix. "But rumor has it the war still rages on."
"It does." I sigh, "With the egg of the dragon king missing, he has decided we are the ones with it."
"Are you not?" He asks, confused, as his brows knit together.
"No." I tell him honestly. "We possessed it for a mere minute before it was taken from us by a fae."
His eyes grow wide, and then he furrows his brows.
"The same fae who-"
"Yes." I clear my throat. "The same one Colette expressed a lack of trust for, all the while Caspian and I vouched for him."
Zale sits back and blows out a heavy huff of air. Then he drags a hand down his face.
"I have a proposition for you," he says, looking at me then Colette. "It is one you will not like, but I believe it will be fruitful for both our kind."
"What kind of proposition?" Colette asks, lifting her head.
"We, the sirens, would like to join the
war. Our king died at the hands of the dragons. That seems like a call to action if there ever was one." Zale says, clearing his throat. "I can only ask for forgiveness for how long it took me to make it here to offer this. The process for the crown was...not as graceful as one would have
hoped." 
"All is forgiven. You are allowed time to mourn the loss of your king. I know we have been mourning it here as well." I say, not looking at Colette as she leans into me.
"There is a condition...to this alliance." He clears his throat, looking down at his hands before he exhales. My eyes narrow as I lean forward and realize what this condition must be, and she is sitting on my lap. "Which is what?" I ask, my voice firm and demanding.
"The family would like to meet Colette," He says, looking directly at Colette who's mouth drops open.
"Where?" I ask him, not keen on the idea of leaving the pack with her anytime soon.
"They are here," he says, rubbing his head. "They connected the lake to underground water tunnels from the ocean..."
"They did what?" I ask, standing so abruptly Colette nearly falls off me. I catch her around the waist at the last moment. "They have been...drilling...under my pack?"
"Yes...well, it was King Caspian's idea," he mutters. "And we have been working on it for a few years, in order to monitor you."
###Chapter 133
Apparently, it is easy to be upset with a dead man, or rather, a dead siren. My anger surges as I scoff and pace away over to the large bay window in my office. Zale remains silent behind me, Colette also unmoving as she waits for a response.
Caspian started this when we were enemies, back when he wanted us gone and never in the council again. Had he been planning and plotting against us all along? And when we reconciled our differences, why would he not have mentioned something like this? Would it not have been wise for me to know, for Colette to know?
"Merikh..." Colette says my name in a gentle, concerned manner.
I suck in a huff of air and exhale loudly, my hands finding my hips as I spin to face them. Every part of me screams it's okay to be angry, but when I look at Colette, I can see the worry on her brow. The thought that perhaps my opinion of the man who fathered her might suffer from this.
The Caspian she knew is much different from the one who started this act of war on us. Yes, he changed, but he has placed us in a place of danger, knowingly. Even with Colette being half siren, even with her royal blood, what if five hundred years down the road things change? We are left open to any kind of attack from the sirens, and how does a dog fight a fucking fish?
"After this war has ended, I want to know every damn route taken to make it to this pack." I say, trying to steel my anger. Zale doesn't look surprised or pressed about my words. Instead, he drops his head and nods in agreement.
"I do believe that will be for the best, Alpha." He says.
"And I want that route protected. To ensure nothing harmful can make it here. The last thing I need is a fucking shark attack in a lake that had always been fresh water until now." I mutter, pinching the bridge of my nose.
Zale chuckles and I snap my annoyed eyes to him.
"That is not quite how things work," He explains before he stops and sighs. "Of course, we will always have it protected. Colette is family. We protect our family."
"Where are they? What side of the lake I mean?" She asks, her throat bobbing as she swallows roughly. "How many are there?"
There is a spark of excitement in her, a reigniting of that part of her she thought she lost. When Colette lost her father, she thought she had lost all ties to the world that she just found. I'm not saying I think her grief will be less or her mourning easier, but it feels like it is one less thing to mourn for her. A connection that she will always be able to find to her father.
"They await you near the cliff's edge. It is nearest to the inlet from the ocean and thus better for them. And there are...a few," He says, his eyes skirting between us.
"And when do they expect to meet her?" I ask him flatly, trying not to sound so upset at the thought of her just running off with the new siren king to meet a family she has never seen.
"Whenever she is ready," he says with a gentle smile. "They are also mourning the loss, so they understand it may be a lot for her to handle. But, sooner would be better if you ask me. The condition of this treaty is they wish to meet her first."
I watch the way he seems disappointed and I realize the reason they want to meet her isn't just for mourning, but to verify. They don't believe Zale, which means Caspian wasn't as straightforward with them about Colette as he made it seem.
"They didn't believe you?" Colette asks, her brows pulled together in confusion as she tilts her head to the side.
Zale clears his throat and shifts in the chair uncomfortably.
"It's not that, it's just that... There was a rumor that Caspian could not have kids. He never took a siren mate, that is true, but there was a large amount of pressure on him to create an heir. He could never conceive with any of the selected siren women for him to try with."
Colette huffs and chuckles dryly. Then she shakes her head, like the whole thing is absurd.
"Are they sure he ever truly tried with those people? I mean, he told my mom that he was never with anyone else..."
Zale shrugs.
"I can't quite say." He says. "All I know is they want to see you, speak with you. And then they wish to see your skills. I was under the impression everyone knew of you Colette. Though he never spoke of you in front of them, it just..."
"He was ashamed." She says, a sadness in her voice.
"Yes." Zale admits. "But not in the way you are assuming. He was ashamed. He never told them before that he lost you. Caspian was so proud to be your father when he realized you were his once thought dead daughter."
"I want to go meet them now," she says, squaring her shoulders.
My brows rise in surprise. "Now?"
"Yes," she says, walking over to me. She places her hands on my chest, her dark eyes looking up at me. "We need their treaty and I need this, too."
"Okay," I nod, unable to not give in when she looks at me like that. "I will speak with Hayes later."
She looks over her shoulder at Zale, who frowns.
"They would like to see only her, Alpha. Without you."
"Then hell fucking no." I snort. "Do you seriously think-"
"Alpha Merikh, you have my word that nothing will happen to Luna Colette."
I scoff, shaking my head.
"Merikh, I am going." She says sternly.
"I don't like it when-"
"I leave your side. Yes, I am aware." She smiles softly, her hand sliding up to my cheek. "But this is my family. Just like you need to speak to Hayes alone, I need to go speak to mine. Then I can introduce you later. Okay?"
Damn this woman and the way she could make me do anything in the fucking world for her. I groan, annoyed, before I shake my head and agree.
"Fine." I grit out. "I will give you a few hours. After that, I am fucking coming to find you."
Colette shakes her head and laughs at my words, as if I don't mean every single damn one.
"Oh, you suddenly can breathe underwater?" She teases. My eyes narrow and I scowl at Zale, then at her.
"I know how to rent scuba diving gear, my little luna. Don't underestimate the hurdles I will jump through to always get to you." I say in a low, threatening voice. She gives me a sexy grin.
"I would never underestimate anything you can do, Alpha." Then she winks, taking a step back. "You can speak with Zale about everything else when I return?"
I nod, sticking my hands in my pockets. "Fine."
Zale gives me a respectful nod and I
follow them out of the office,
breaking down the opposite hallway, heading toward Hayes. Usually when Colette leaves my side I feel anxious and worried, but this time it feels different. There is no nagging feeling that something terrible is going to happen. Instead I feel a sense of peace and composure, which... is oddly nice. 
"What are you doing here?” I hear as I look up and the door is open, revealing Hayes's half distorted face. That feeling of content melts away like his flesh had, and I want to reach out to hug him. But that cheery brother who would let me is gone right now, replaced by a bitter, angry one. 
"Colette came and gave me a proposition on your behalf." I say flatly, and he blinks at me, unmoving.
"And?" He snarks at me.
"And I think we should have a
discussion about it. If, and it is a big
if, I give in to this crazy idea of yours, there will be stipulations.” I say, there will be making sure he understands
stipulations and acceptianet
serious about both these
his offer.
He seems to relax a little before he limps to the side and allows me in. 
"What kind of stipulations?" He asks.
"The kind you won't like, but you will deal with if you want to do this."
He rolls his eyes and shuts the door behind me.
"There is much I don't like these days, Alpha. Care to be more specific?" He says in a raspy voice.
"I am your brother. You don't have to call me alpha." I remind him, and he scoffs.
"You are my alpha, nothing more. A brother would have listened to my pleading and done what needed to be done," he growls out.
I chuckle a dry laugh and shake my head. He has such a distorted way of thinking.
"I am no longer your big brother because I would not kill you?" I ask him in disbelief.
"You stopped being my big brother when you used your alpha command on me taking away my choices," He hisses. "Now Alpha, please share this wonderful plan you think you have come up with."
###Chapter 134
*Colette*
I walk in silence with Zale, my nerves sending shock waves through my hands, making them shake. This is fine, it will all be fine. Except what if they meet me and hate me and want to withdraw the whole joining our war thing? Then they have access to our pack and they could become enemies. I blow a heavy breath through my lips, an anxious sound breaking free as Zale chuckles.
"You are nervous?" He asks.
I snort a laugh and nod.
"What gave that away? The shaking or the labored breathing?" I ask, and he grins
"You are Caspian's daughter. Regardless of if you feel this goes well, I will honor my promise. We will back join this war." He says sincerely, and I frown at him.
"Then why would you phrase it like this is a 'must happen scenario'?" I ask him and he shrugs.
"I only said you must meet them. I did not say you need to be best friends and go on family bonding trips. We are a close knit family, or at least we all thought we were. The secret of you has been...interesting."
I bob my head and bite my lip nervously. Zale, though not much of a talkative person until after my dad's death, is someone I trust. Ezrah was different; he was an occasional friend, someone Caspian trusted over working with him. There is a difference when it comes to living with and being related to someone. At least in some capacities.
It didn't do much for me and Leslie, or even my uncle, that I didn't know was my uncle. But had I known, had she known, maybe things would have been different. It's doubtful, since Leslie was a selfish, spoiled brat who got what she wanted. May the moon goddess take care of her, but still. Leslie was a bitch and Zale...he is respectful, and he truly looked up to Caspian. I could see it in his eyes.
"So am I meeting like a grandma and grandpa or his siblings? Cousins?" I ask, trying to get a feel for what I am walking into.
"You will be meeting some of our cousins," Zale says, giving me a soft smile. "They are reserved and respectful by siren's standards. The elders rarely make these types of long trips."
"Ah," I murmur, only partially listening, squinting as I try to see who might be out in the water waiting for me. Are they hiding beneath the surface or perhaps maybe they have come ashore as only royals can do for extended periods of time?
"One thing to keep in mind, Luna, is that Siren's are a little...well, we can be abrasive. With them not having been around humans much other than King Caspian and now myself...they may seem a little..."
"Rude?" I ask with a grin, my nervousness only growing with every damn thing he says.
"Yes, you might say that." He sighs. "I like to think they are just painfully honest."
"Great. So if I think I look fat in a dress, they are the ones to ask, not Merikh. Noted." I say more to myself, but he chuckles anyway.
With every step, I can feel my stomach twisting and the way my mind spins with all sorts of scenarios, from great to terrible. I must be lost in my head for a long time because when a hand touches mine, I startle and I see beautiful aqua eyes that seem to move like the ocean current. A tan face smiles at me, near bleach blonde hair flowing over her right shoulder, and her hand resting on mine.
"You look like him." She murmurs, then she turns with a huge grin on her face to look over her shoulder. "Doesn't she have his face shape and I can feel it in her?"
"Feel what?" A dark-haired man asks, looking bored as he steps closer, his eyes a sea foam green as he frowns.
"The ocean, Wade." She says, turning to face me again. "It lives in her veins."
"Oh, for seaweed's sake, Maris." Wade groans.
"She is kind of plain." Another face says, shrugging, "But I kind of see it. Maybe if she didn't look so scared, she would resemble him more. King Caspian was never scared. He never had a weakness." The younger girl says, tilting her head as she watches me. "I was his weakness." I say with a straight face. "My mother and I were both his weakness."
They freeze, all of them looking at me, then Zale before he clears his throat and steps forward.
"This is Princess Colette, though here she is known as Luna Colette." He tells them. "Plain or not, like it or not, she is of royal blood, like you all. Only she is more pure."
Wade scoffs and throws his head back, laughing.
"She is a half-blood, part dog." He says, looking me up and down in disgust.
"And yet, she still possesses more direct royal blood than you."
Wade's mouth twitches and he rolls his eyes, looking around at Maris and the others who remain nearby, simply watching.
"Can she do anything water related?" Maris asks, her eyes sparkling with excitement as she contains herself by biting her lip and grinning.
"Can she even swim?" Wade asks.
"Of course I can. All dogs can swim. It's cats that hate water." I snap at him, giving him a fake ass smile. The corner of his lip twitches up, but he looks away before I can witness if it morphs into a smile. "Luna Colette can transform into a wolf on land and in water, only in water her wolf becomes liquid. She is untouchable in water form."
"And yet, Caspian still died-"
"He sacrificed himself for all of us."
Zale cuts Wade off, stepping in front of him, his shoulders rolled back. "And your Wade, were warned of how to speak to not only the people on the surface, but to a princess of our kind. Drop your attitude or you will be on Trench duty for the next one hundred fucking years." 
Wade takes a step back, his tongue pressing to his inner cheek like he has much he would like to say, but he doesn't.
"Yes, my king." He grits out before backing away.
"What would you like us to call you?" Maris asks, pushing her way in front of me again. "Princess? Luna? Luna Princess?"
I shake my head and chuckle.
"Colette is fine."
"Luna, that seems a little too personal," Zale whispers, and I brush him off. Maris seems genuine in her excitement and I get the feeling she and I are going to be exceptionally close. "She is family," I say to him with a soft smile. "Come to think of it, you are, too. Family uses real names, not titles."
At least I think that is how it goes. I really can't say, the whole not having a family for most of my life thing sort of skews my knowledge.
"I'm Maris! King Caspian was my
uncle, well, great uncle. Something like that is a little different for us with our lives and stuff, but...anyway. I am so happy to meet you. It is so obvious how pure you are. We are going to be great friends." 
Wade frowns and then clears his throat, then he looks around. "Maris and I are the oldest."
"Wade was supposed to be first in line for the throne but well...clearly that didn't work out." She squeals, her voice still cheery and happy despite the very tense air surrounding Zale and Wade. Blunt and oblivious. Sirens are both, it seems, when they are on the surface. 
"Maybe not the best thing to say." I give her a gentle smile and she frowns.
"But it's the truth." She says.
"But perhaps Wade doesn't like to think about it?" I offer and he seems surprised, his brows rising in shock. "How about I give you a tour, then later I can show you all my wolf in the water?"
My cousins all chatter excitedly, unfamiliar faces stepping forward to meet me as I grin, my heart full and my eyes watering. It's such a strange feeling being happy and yet so heartbroken simultaneously.
###Chapter 135
I feel like I am floating on air, the high from meeting and being accepted so quickly. Even with the very blunt questions about what it's like to be a dog and if I smell like a wet animal after I leave the water, it was nice. It felt a little like maybe I didn't lose everyone. The loss of mom and dad still weighs heavy on my heart, but I swear they were there with me laughing and smiling.
Merikh comes around the corner of the hall, his head down as he rubs the back of his neck, a huge exhale filling the distance between us. I slip into the little cutout next to our bedroom door, waiting for him. "Alpha," someone calls him.
"Yeah?" He asks, then he seems to make a relieved sound. "Ah, good, you were faster than I expected, Thatch."
"When the Lycan king beckons, you don't leave him waiting." He says with a deep chuckle.
My brows pull together as I try to remember who exactly Thatch is. Not that it is saying much. I have so many names to learn and remember, and my grief has sort of left me hiding away the majority of the time.
"I am sure you know by now the condition of Beta Hayes." Merikh says, his voice soft and disappointed.
"Uh, yes. I have been made aware." He says, sounding unsure.
"I need someone to replace him, just for the time being." Merikh says and my eyebrows shoot up.
"Of course, Alpha. Just until Beta Hayes is well enough." Thatch says, a tone of shock in his answer. "But are you sure that I am the right choice? Or that he won't get better in the next week or so?"
I can hear the panic in Thatch's voice. The way he wants this honor, but respects the man who has held the place he is taking over for so many years. Not that it is at all surprising, everyone respects and deeply cares for Merikh and Hayes. Perhaps it's the way they lost their parents or the way they step up to every challenge. Either way, Thatch will have big shoes to fill.
"I spoke with Hayes about this decision, and we both agreed that you were the only option." Merikh pauses and chuckles lightly. "Hell, it is the only thing we seem to agree on these days."
My excitement slowly bleeds away from my meeting and my chest burns for Merikh. He has not only had to help me in my darkest place, but he has battled Hayes and the demons that have attached to him in the form of terrible thoughts and anger.
Merikh has been bleeding from both sides of his heart and though I have seen it, I don't think I've really SEEN him.
"Then I accept, Alpha. Again, just until Beta Hayes is ready to step back in." Thatch reiterates.
"Sounds good. Now you go and tell your family and I will see you first thing in my office in the morning. I wish there was more of a learning curve for you, but sadly, this will be a trial by fire for you." Merikh says, a yawn taking over. "Try to get some rest for yourself as well, Alpha Merikh," Thatch says with a touch of concern.
Then I hear receding footsteps and Merikh coming my way. Instead of opting to jump out at him, I wait, leaning on the door. As he steps in front of me, his guard down, I see how much everything is breaking him down.
His eyes look surprised when they meet mine, going from tired to sheer comfort and joy as a smile breaks over his perfect lips, one so genuine it melts me.
I reach up, my hand gently sliding up the side of his cheek as he shudders a soft sigh and leans into it.
"You heard it all huh?" He asks and I nod, giving him a sad smile.
"Beta Thatch?" I ask, arching a brow, and he nods.
"Great warrior, very honorable and well liked and respected." He murmurs, his eyes blinking slowly as he steps into me, my hand dropping from his face as I wrap my arm around his body. "Why not Percy?" I ask him curiously.
"Percy is the only person I trust to protect you. After everything, including Penny, I think moving Percy to beta would almost be offensive to him."
"That's fair." I say into his shoulder.
"How was your family meeting?" He
asks as the door opens behind me and he eases us in. Before I can say anything squeal in shock as he swoops me up into his arms and walks over to the couch, laying the two of us down, my back to his chest as he spoons me close. "Well?" 
"Well, we have the Siren's as allies." I tell him, my heart thudding at what to say. Under normal circumstances, I would beam and tell him every detail, but right now I'm worried about it.
"Hmm, well, from my office, it looked like you all were getting along." He says, his nose pressing into my hair as he inhales my scent.
"Yes," I smile to myself. "It seems like they want to get to know me. I think it will be nice to have that tie to home."
"Good." He says, giving me a little squeeze. "It makes me happy to hear how well it went, Colette. I could feel your joy radiating and it was so refreshing to feel that from you after so long. Your happiness is everything."
His voice falls off like he is falling
asleep, and I wiggle into him, looking for more of his touch. The room is dark and silent as we just cuddle. And somehow it feels like it's been one of our more intimate and raw moments together. His breathing grows steady, and his chest rises and falls as he falls into a deeper
slumber. 
I spin around in his arms; the couch creaking as I turn to face him. Even in the tiny amount of light, I can see how at peace he is and my heart hurts. Not a pain that makes me want to cry. But a pain that comes from being overfilled after so long of being overly aching. "Merikh," I whisper, pushing up on my elbow as I press a kiss to the tip of his nose.
"Hmm?" he mutters, half asleep as I run my fingers through his hair and he moans in approval.
"Can I ask you for something?" I whisper.
"Anything you want, little luna," he
says in a groggy voice, his eyes still closed as I bite my lip. Nerves rush through me as I grow suddenly nervous and shy. Then I clear throat and when I look back up at him, his emerald pools are watching me with a hint of amusement. 
"Um..."
"What is it, Colette?" he says, his brows coming together. "You are worrying me..."
I inhale deeply and let out a shuttering breath before closing my eyes and just blurting the words.
"I want to have a baby." I peek through one eye, watching his startled expression before he breaks into a laugh, yanking me to him.
"You want a baby?" He asks.
"Yes. Well, your baby, to be specific. I think...I think now is as good a time as ever and, I thought maybe it would be beneficial for Hayes to have something to hold on to and perhaps it would fill the void="
"Colette," Merikh says, pulling back and smoothing my hair. "I will give you a baby because you want one. But we don't have a child to do anything other than showcase our love. This sweet little gift will have no obligation other than to be adorable and loved." "Does that mean you want one, too?"
"You have known for some time I want one whenever you are ready." He says, grinning. "So you are saying you are ready?"
I nod emphatically, biting my lip. "Yes, I am."
"Good." he grins, lifting me from the couch and carrying me to the bed. "Then we will start right now..."
"I thought you were tired," I laugh, and he shakes his head.
"The second you wiggled into me on the couch I was ready to dive into," he grins, laying me down as he reaches for the waist of my pants. "Guess it's a good thing we enjoy practising as well."
###Chapter 136
**Two years later** *Merikh*
"Where is he?" I snarl, on my hands and knees, tearing the tablecloth to the side. If Colette finds out he is gone again, I am in deep shit. I find nothing there but a small trail of cookies as I smirk and look to my right. Green eyes beneath a mop of curly brown hair stare up at
me with an excited face.
"Your brother thinks he is so sneaky, but we got him now, don't we?" I whisper to her as she grins widely, her chunky cheeks round and adorable.
"Did you lose Dylan again?" Colette asks, walking into the room as I sit back on my ankles.
I feign a scoff, waving her off, hoping she will just assume this is all a part of a game. I will never admit that this little stinker can outsmart me even at just the wee age of one year and some months. His twin sister, however, is my little shadow, always at my side. "Define the word lose?" I say with a wry smile as her eyes grow wide.
"Merikh! Are you serious? You honestly lost our son again?" She squeals, suddenly darting around the kitchen to Dylan's usual hiding spots.
"Dada," my sweet little Harmony says, popping up to her feet and tottering off.
"Oh, no, you don't," I chuckle, scooping her into my arms as I jump up and follow the trail of cookie crumbs leading out of the kitchen and around the corner to the front closet.
I clear my throat standing outside of the door and gently knock on the thin wood. A tiny little giggle explodes through the door and harmony squeals in delight, squirming in my arms to get down and laugh with her brother.
"Dylan," I call out in a sing-song voice, Colette comes up behind me with a frown on her lips as she crosses her arms over her chest.
The little chubby, almost toddler, raps on the door from the inside and babbles incoherently. Harmony giggles as if she can understand his language, and maybe she does. They are twins and I swear they have conversations all the time. "Why does it feel like they are making fun of me?" I say, looking back at Colette, who fights a smile.
"Probably because they are." She says, being no help at all.
I exhale before I open the door and squat down, looking at my sweet troublemaker who smiles brightly before he wobbles to me and falls into my arms. Harmony stands in front of her mom, begging with open hands to be picked up, and Colette gives in to her wordless demand.
"Are you ready for bed, my little loves?" I ask, cuddling Dylan close and reaching out to rub Harmony's back as we head to their room.
They both snuggle close, their sweet little hugs doing wonders to heal the terrors of the day I had before walking through that front door. Three weeks of nonstop attacks on our pack has begun to weigh heavily on all of us here.
If it weren't for King Zale and Colette's close ties with her siren family, we would be gone by now. But instead, the majority of the werewolf and lycan population has moved to our pack, more than tripling the population every six months until now.
"How bad is it?" Colette asks as we enter their room, flipping on their tiny little bubble night light that displays fish on the wall. A cute gift that her cousin Wade ended up finding in a sea town after the twins were born.
"We are running out of time." I admit, laying my little guy into his crib and tucking him in. It's hard to look away from him, but I do so I can memorize how both of them sleep so sweetly. "It is so peaceful watching them sleep."
"Their innocence is something else," Colette agrees, a soft smile on her lips. "I wish the world was a better place for them."
I reach out, tugging her by her waist to me as I press my lips to her temple.
"The world is as good as we make it for them. I'd rather it be bad now and try to improve it before they have to know it the way we do." I tell her as she sighs and leans into me.
We watch them for a few minutes longer before sneaking out and finding Thatch leaning against the wall across from their room.
"Alpha, Luna," He says, giving a respectful nod.
"I hate to say this, Thatch, but every time I see you, it gives me anxiety." Colette teases and he grins.
"Yeah, being the bearer of bad news is annoyingly my thing." He says, "But it came in the job description, so I suppose I was warned."
"What do you have for me?" I ask, a tugging of worry in my gut. Is it possible that the dragons have finally made it through the water defenses?
"I have located him." He says softly and my eyes grow wide in shock.
"H-he is alive?" I swallow roughly, my throat dry and my mind spinning.
Seven months. That is how long it has been since I have spoken with my brother. He still hates me, blames me for his life that he claims has been so awful since losing Leandra. Hayes never recovered from that loss, and he never opened up to anyone about it. Not even the men who have been with him side by side for almost two years hunting down Ezrah and this damn egg.
"Yes," Thatch clears his throat. "And he is here."
My eyes grow wide as I look over at Colette, who mirrors my shock. Alpha order or not, I hadn't expected to see my brother alive again since our last falling out. He used to come back every two weeks to see his niece and nephew and Colette until he went dark on us. He is hardened now, darker in spirits and still searching for something, anything, worth living for outside of my order.
"Here as in the pack or here as in the pack house?" I ask him and he clears his throat.
"He is in your office." Thatch says. "And he asked to speak with you, if you have the time."
I snort a laugh, knowing full well that he wasn't nearly as polite as Thatch is letting on.
"Right." I murmur, still a little in shock as I run my hands through my hair and then I look at Colette. "Let's go see what he has to say."
"Actually," Thatch says, wincing as if he is in pain. I eye him suspiciously as he shakes his head. "Hayes has asked for an audience with only you."
Colette gives me a reassuring smile as she takes a step back.
"Well, don't leave him waiting. Angry with you or not, he is still your baby brother." She reminds me and I sigh before turning and heading to my office.
I push the door open, looking up to find Hayes wandering around the office as if it has changed since he left. But it hasn't, which makes me hope he is nostalgic for home. He looks over at me for a moment before turning back to wandering around the office and stopping at the window, looking out at the lake where the sun is disappearing.
"Good to know you are alive." I mutter walking over to my desk as he scoffs.
"So long as you are happy Alpha, all is dandy, yes?" he says in a mocking tone. I give him a warning glance he pretends not to see as I take a seat and stare at him.
"I take it you have news for me or you wouldn't be here?" I say, trying to give him the exact amount of cold shoulder he is giving me.
"Oh what? You don't think I missed you and your coddling ways?" He snorts, his disfigured side of his face where I can see it best in the light. He gives me a dark smirk, one where his lip ceases half way and he shoves his hands in his pocket.
"Enough of the disrespect, Hayes." I growl at him. "Hate me as a brother all you want, but I am your alpha and I won't have the blatant disrespect you are laying on so thick. You are still a member of this damn pack." I snap.
He frowns and then shakes his head in understanding.
"I apologize alpha," he mutters, sounding sincere. "It has been a while since I have slept or eaten. I am a little out of sorts. More so than normal."
"What have you got for me?" I ask, trying to be more alpha and less annoyed, big brother.
"Absolutely nothing." He exhales. "Every single fucking trail we find, he eludes us. Our tracker has found his second chance mate and so we returned home for him to have a life with her here. There is no life outside of this pack for our kind right now." 
Instead of looking angry like he has been, I see a look of concern.
"We are losing," I mutter, leaning back in my chair. "We are losing and I have no fucking clue how to change that."
"Get me the best tracker we have and send us back out. We have not lost all hope." He says.
"Well, that is good to hear," I say, and he grows sad.
"I just need a little more time and a better team." He says. "They have been great, but I need someone with tracking and fighting skills. We need warriors that don't want to start relationships with each other and cause tension."
I already know who he needs. It has
I
been something I have thought
about a lot since tracking them down and discovering what they have been doing for the past eight years Only one issue, he will not only be surprised but he will very much not be happy about it. And it most certainly causes a shit ton of tension. 
"We will get you a new team by the end of the week. I want a list of those you want to keep on your hunting party and I will let the others know." I say, but he narrows his eyes. Hatred or not, he can still read me as if the last two years never happened. "Why do you have that pensive look on your face?" He asks.
"I have a thought, but I don't think you will like it."
He looks confused.
""Who is it?"
There is a knock at the door just then and Colette peeks her head in and steps through the door, making way for the petite redhead who I rediscovered after her former mate's pack came to us for protection in our pack lines. She grins widely, her eyes sparkling. 
"Well, you look a sight better than what Alpha Merikh made it seem." She says, walking into the room further. Hayes blinks and then turns to look at me.
"You remember Kyra?" I ask Hayes, who looks back at her as she winces.
"My bad. I didn't see the other side of your face. You look fucking terrible, Hayes." She says, winking at him as he just gapes at her.
"Fuck no." He hisses. "No, she is not coming. I don't want her help."
"She is very capable, Hayes." Colette says softly, and he presses his lips together in thought, considering Colette's words.
"It's been a long time, Kyra." He finally says, though his eyes clearly showcase how angry he is.
"I was hoping for longer, but when the alpha asks, you sort of show up." She says overly sweet, clearly still pissed off at Hayes for whatever went down between them all those years ago. "At least he asked you," he mutters.
"Well, you two can go and discuss things." I say, standing and clapping my hands together. "I have a pregnant mate I need to put to bed."
Colette's eyes grow wide as she looks at Hayes and gives him a nervous chuckle.
"We were going to tell you earlier but..."
"I have been hard to find. It is fine Luna." He gives her a kind smile before he storms out of the room, Kyra hot on his heels.
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Colette asks me, putting her hand out for me to take.
"They were best friends once." I remind her. "They work well together even if they want to deny it."
"What happened between them?" She asks, and I shrug.
"I honestly have no clue. But I know I am going to lay you down and then I am going to kiss every part of this perfectly pregnant body."
"I am barely pregnant." She laughs, dragging me out the door.
"It doesn't matter. The hormones do something to me. I can't help it." I tease her by lifting her up and wrapping her legs around me.
Her eyes soften, and her whole body relaxes into me.
"I love you, Merikh." She murmurs before stealing a kiss. "And I have faith that everything will all work out."
"I know it will." I hum. "Because I love you too and I will end the world before I let anyone hurt what is ours." THE END (for now)
*BOOK TWO: To Love a Broken Beta* will be the next chapter starting tomorrow. It will be Haye's story.
###Chapter 137
Book Two: To Love a Broken Beta CHAPTER 1
*Kyra*
It's so strange being back here, the place I used to call home. Everything is so different. There is hardly anything I recognize here any more. Other than the lake that reflects the trees to my right in the distance.
I pull the blanket tighter, hugging it close as the breeze trickles through my hair. The moon is high above me as I wrestle with the decisions that led me back here. It was stupid to come here, thinking Hayes would be over what happened to us. But when the Lycan King calls for you and begs for help, you do as he wishes.
And it's not like I have anything keeping me from going on this mission. I have no family anymore, no mate to run home to. That may be the only thing Hayes and I have in common now. What we lack rather than what we had in the past.
"You should have said no," He says coming up behind me. My body shivers at the sound of his icy tone. Was it so terrible, what I did to him back then? Was I the problem, or was it always him?
"Merikh is my Alpha, Hayes." I say in a flat tone, hiding the distress being near him puts me in.
My eyes remain on the sky, unable to look at him. Not because his disfigured faces grosses me out. But it is all I can do to keep from breaking down at his hurting. Even after all this time, after the way he treated me, hurt me, it still is near agonizing to bear witness to the pain he wears every day.
"Oh, what did he order you to do this?" He snorts, his disdain for his brother not even remotely hidden.
"No." I say simply, flicking my eyes to see he stands next to me with the good side of his face in my line of vision. "He asked, and I said yes."
"You forget I know you, Kyra. And I know for a fact you are a shit warrior and a worse tracker." His words are vile and intentionally mean. This is who he is now. Anger poisons the heart, and when the heart is already broken, well...it's sometimes the only thing that holds the pieces together.
I inhale sharply and shake my head, unable to hide the sarcastic laughter bubbling up in me. In eight years, he didn't think I might change? After knowing me for eighteen years, he thought I couldn't grow up from the whimsical girl who wanted a fairytale? How quant that he thinks I lived a life of fucking cupcakes and rainbows. He can change, but I can't? What an arrogant dick.
"Correction, Hayes. You KNEW me at one time. You do NOT know me now. Other than my face and my name, I am not the same girl who followed you around laughing at your shitty jokes." I give him a snarky smile as he turns and glares at me.
"At least your face has stayed the same," He barks out and I roll my eyes.
"We all have battle scars, you idiot. You are the only one that likes to make a fuss of it." I turn my whole body to look at him, my hands on my hips, waiting for another stupid comment from him. Instead, he says nothing, turning to look out at the night sky with his hands on the railing before he exhales and drops his head.
"Please do not pretend to know what I have gone through, Kyra. I have lost more than you could ever imagine in your little red-headed fairytale land you hide in up in your head." his words are tired, as if he carries so much pain and no one can hold a candle to it.
But I know about his situation, from the way his skin smelled when they found him to the horrific way he lost his mate. Even one has heard of the Broken Beta and the way it has poisoned his heart.
"What the hell do you want?" I ask, finally cutting through the bullshit, my eyes narrowing. "Did you come out here to prove you are some big asshole? Tout how hard you are with this whole 'broken bad boy' bullshit?"
He blinks at me and looks down, a slight frown on his lips as he eyes his dark wash holey jeans and his solid black henley top with rolled sleeves. His shiny, twisted flesh noticeable on his arm as if he were showcasing a tattoo on some biker bar.
"I came here to tell you we don't want you." He snaps, crossing his arms over his chest.
"Oh well, holy heck, I was almost convinced you wanted me here with all that smiling you were doing when I walked in." I scoff.
"When did you become a smart ass?"
"The same time you became a
dickface." I gan, proud of myself. If there is one thing I learned from my mate Tyler, it's how to have an attitude with people who need it. I'm not the coy little girl Hayes
net ove
remembers. Hell, I was mated to the top warrior and tracker in the prized Warrior Wolf pack. 
"Listen, just go tell Merikh you don't want to go anymore." He says, sighing heavily as he pinches between his eyes like I am annoying him. Clearly he has forgotten he came looking for me.
"It's Alpha Merikh," I chide him, then I give him a sweet smile. "And there is not a chance in hell I will do that. Act like the big boy you are and deal with it, Hayes. I am the best tracker and warrior there is. You need me." He throws his head back, laughing heartily as I glare at him.
"You?" he asks between heaving breaths of laughter while my frustration grows by the second.
"Unfortunately for you, yes, ME!" I scream at him. He shakes his head with a smile, pulling at the corner of his deformed right side of his face.
"I asked specifically for Tyler. Everyone knows he is the best." He says as a pain stabs into my heart.
Tears spring in to my eyes as I look away and clear my throat, trying not to cry. I have come so far. I can talk about him all day, discuss how great he is...well, was. But to tell someone that he is gone, that my Tyler is dead along with everything we created together... That I have never had to do and it feels awful.
"Tyler is dead." I whisper, unable to stop a rogue tear coming down my cheek. My hand swipes it away as I sniffle and clear my throat once more, rolling my shoulder and turning to face him again.
"This is why we don't want you.." He mutters, exhaling as he chuckles to himself. "You are crying because I told you that you aren't the best."
"You are so dense." I mutter, no other words coming to mind as I play for my exit.
Hayes' asshole personality I can deal with. I have dealt with many like this before. But for him to completely miss the mark of my tears just proves that every part of the Hayes I was in love with is dead and gone. And good freaking riddance. "Oh? And what makes me so dense?" He hisses at me as I turn and walk away. Hayes' hand grabs my elbow, whipping me around to look at him.
"Tyler was my mate, you fucking glob of melted flesh." I scream as tears burst free and down my cheeks.
His eyes grow wide, either from my revelation or my harsh words. I don't give a rat's ass. He takes a small step back, his hand still locked on my elbow as I pull away from him, his fingers gliding down my long sleeve shirt.
"I couldn't care less about you being a dick and trying to hurt my feelings. These tears aren't yours. I stopped crying about you a long ass time ago. These are for him."
I yank my arm back, his skin scorching mine with a heat unlike any I have felt, and I gasp, yanking my wrist to my chest, stumbling away from him.
"Shit, I didn't know," He murmurs, for the first time a hint of the old Hayes shining through the shadow of the anger that looms in him.
"I will see you tomorrow," I blink, my
mind whirling as I try to understand what the hell just happened. I rub the pad of my thumb where his skin touches mine as I rush off of the balcony and into the kitchen, running past Luna Colette who sits at the table, her chestnut hair in a messy bun atop her head as she sneaks a piece of cake. 
I don't give her a moment to speak to me as I find my room, slamming the door shut behind me, my back pressing against it as my chest heaves. My skin still prickles where I cradle my hand to my chest. The remnants of his touch still lingering. I refuse to acknowledge it, I refuse to admit it.
I refuse.
###Chapter 138
"Kyra, Alpha Merikh wants to see you," Thatch says, leaning against the kitchen counter, sipping on his steaming cup of coffee. My puffy, unawake eyes glare at him as he smiles behind the last of the only elixir that can shake this terrible mood I am dawning. "Is that all the coffee?" I ask him, my voice sounding desperate, but I don't care. Desperation in the face of coffee is the only place I will ever come close to groveling.
"Out here, yes." He arches a brow. "The alpha has a coffee machine in his office,"
"This seems like a feeble attempt to just hurry me along to see him." I mumble as I shuffle away from the chuckling beta, heading to the Alpha's office in a huff.
The second I step in front of his door, I draw in a deep breath a shit attempt to calm myself. My first meeting with Alpha Merikh was fine, but the second when I saw Hayes, and then what happened after?
My nerves are frayed and my emotions a damn mess. I roll my head, trying to release the tension before entering. Yet somehow he knows I am here. His voice calls out, telling me to enter, and I reach out to push the door open. The handle yanks on my firm grip in a frenzy of speed and I tumble forward with a surprised squawk falling from my lips.
My body collides with another, the warmth of it radiating through me as I place my hands on their chest and push back, a blush rising on my cheeks. The muscles under my palms flex in a strange way that makes my brows knit together. It all clicks when his hands grip my biceps and I see the shiny pink flesh, sunken skin that clings to the muscles that survived the raging heat of the dragon's flames.
Hayes. Shit. I shove away from him as fast as possible, my heart pounding as I keep my concentration on his burned hand. Forcing myself not to look anywhere else, not when my embarrassment is so noticeable on my face.
Hayes clears his throat and tears his hand back, tucking it into his pocket. And only then do I look up to see him glancing away from me at the ground.
"I told you, Alpha, I am not happy about this decision." Hayes says, his eyes peeking up once but looking away instantly before he shoves past me out the door. His shoulder connects with mine, making me stumble into the doorjamb. "So good to see you too," I grumble under my breath before I grab hold of the door and slam it behind him a little harder than I planned. The wall shakes and Merikh chuckles.
"Sounds like your reunion has continued to really go smoothly." He gives me a sorry smile.
"Hah. If wanting to strangle each other is considered smooth, then sure, it's been really splendid." I reply with a scoff.
"If you don't want to go, Kyra, you can say no," Alpha Merikh offers, but I can see the worry lines on his face. "Hayes has been this way since he lost his mate. I am worried about him, about his obsession with his desire to die."
"Is that what you wanted to see me about? You want me to babysit him because I used to know him?" I ask, not bothering to hide the shock I feel.
"No," He exhales as he comes around his desk, taking a seat in the chair across from the couch. "What I really want is to ask you some questions."
I give him a curious look, my arms crossing over my chest. It did strike me as odd that Merikh hadn't cared to ask me a single thing about where I had been, what I had done before he found me. But then again, he is the Alpha, so perhaps he already knows more than I think.
"Uh, what kind of questions?" I ask, arching a brow as I take a seat on the couch.
"Why didn't you tell me all of it?" He asks, a frown on his lips as he watches me with pity. My stomach sinks and I swallow roughly. The room feels suffocating as I try to clear my throat and rub my clammy hands on my pants.
"Tell you-uh-all of what?" I ask, my voice cracking as I look out the window, trying not to make eye contact. Shit, I can't do this, not after last night. My weak resolve is already cracking. I refuse to talk about it.
"I knew your mate." He offers me a gentle smile.
"Yes, well, he was well known. He did a lot of traveling to help train other werewolves." I say with a soft smile, remembering the kind yet firm mate I loved and lost.
"He trained you too, and from what I learned, you two became quite the trackers together." Merikh asks, and I can see where he is going. I can't help but roll my eyes. This rumor had come up several times when Tyler was alive and though he said it never bothered him, I could see the way the words stung his pride.
"Lycan's are a little different from werewolves. Some things were much easier for me to pick up on, but Tyler was still better than me. He will always be the best. If I had truly been better, then it would be him here, not me." I say, making sure Merikh understands I refuse to be told I am better than Tyler. Ever. He was amazing at what he did, and I strive every day to live up to him.
"I hear you told Hayes about him?" He asks, clearing his throat as he stands and makes a move for the coffee machine on the shelf where books should be.
"It may have come up," I say casually, even though I know that is the understatement of the century.
"Did you want something to drink?"
"Uh," I feign thinking about it as I fight the urge to scream yes and bowl him over for that caffeine. "Sure, yeah, I'll have some."
He nods as he goes about grabbing coffee pods to put in the machine.
"So Tyler, if you don't mind me asking, he died over a year ago?" He asks, grabbing mugs as he sets up the machine, clicking buttons as if this is the most casual conversation to have.
"Uh, yeah." I murmur, picking at my fingers, trying not to relive the moment I felt the bond disappear and the days after that seemed to only tear my heart out of me further.
"How long..." he pauses, looking at me with a scrunched nose as if he is thinking of the right way to phrase something. "How long were you..." "Sad?" I ask and he frowns.
"No, I guess I am curious if you were ever like Hayes is." He sighs.
"For a little while, maybe." I shrug. "Tyler's parents were killed a year before him, so I had no one left after losing him. Maybe that is why I didn't stay the way Hayes is acting for so long. There was no one to pull me out of it, I just....had to do it for Tyler." 
"Well, you also were with him much longer than Hayes was with Leandra, and there were some... factors involved," he says with a small frown.
"Grief looks different on everyone,
Alpha." I say offended he would
insinuate that Hayes' pain may have been more than mine. "I invested my time in training and tracking the enemy. Hayes has invested his time in creative ways to find an out for himself." 
He looks up from what he is doing, silence filling the room between us. For a moment, it seems like he may explode on me for being so harsh in my words. But instead a frown and sadness clouds his features and he turns, leaning on the shelf as he looks at me. "What happened between you two?" He asks softly.
A bitter laugh races from my lips, and I try to hide it by looking away.
"Hayes never told you?" I ask him in disbelief.
Merikh shrugs.
"Hayes always just said you two grew apart and then, when he noticed you had left the pack, he got upset and didn't speak to anyone for weeks."
It's sick, but it makes me feel a little bit better that at least he noticed I was gone.
"It wasn't that big of a deal." I mutter, "But if Hayes hasn't told you, then he doesn't want anyone to know. So forgive me for keeping it close to my vest."
"Fair enough I suppose." He nods, grabbing the first mug of coffee and handing it to me. "The next question is a little more... personal..."
I somehow doubt he could get more personal than the one he asked before, but I take the mug eagerly and give him the look to continue. "Can you handle this emotionally?" He asks, and I pull the cup away from my face.
"What do you mean? Because I am a woman?" I ask incredulously. I really didn't expect this from him.
"No," he says softly, "No, I ask because of what happened to you after losing Tyler."
The blood leeches from my face and my fingers feel numb as I lick my dry lips.
"I don't know what you mean." I croak, and he frowns.
"You don't need to lie, Kyra. I know you lost more than your mate. Thatch has done his job and
reported back everything that has et
happened." He says softly and squeeze my eyes closed, a tear racing down my cheek as I look away, trying to control this "How far along were you?" 
"Far enough," I whisper, wiping my face. "Far enough to know I have to avenge my mate and our dead child."
###Chapter 140
*Kyra*
I can feel the weight of Hayes' stare at my back. No matter how much I try to shake it off, it is steady, like a nagging or an itch that I just can't reach or satisfy. It's damn annoying, really. Not a single person says a thing, everyone keeping to themselves as we walk along in silence. It feels weird, like they have been instructed to ignore me.
It's never easy doing something new, going somewhere new. I get it. I am an outsider, someone they don't think they need. But I know the rumors of this crew, why they are here and how they were recruited. And I meet every damn requirement and then some. Whether they want me here or not, I deserve this chance to avenge Tyler and our baby.
We walk for hours, everyone seemingly knowing where to go before we finally reach a cliff and Dean stops, staring out over the ledge in the moonlight. He looks sadder in the darker, deeper lines of pain and loneliness highlighted by the shadows, and I realize maybe they are silent because they are lost in their mourning.
Though, it is more likely that the shell of a beta I once knew is the real source. Lonely people can only stand the silence for so long. We all crave that connection just as much as we hate it. We can't help it. Without it, we sink into the chaotic noise of our heartache and pain. It is so easy to drown in it when there is no one to bring you back to reality.
"We should camp here," Dean says, making his way back to our group of five.
"I'll take the first watch," Hayes says in a grumbling tone that makes my skin goose bump. A flutter skips through my chest and I close my eyes, forcing the feeling away. If I don't acknowledge it, will it just go away?
"I'll take the third watch," Dean says.
"You take the second watch, Tracker." Hayes says, a glimmer of indifference on his face as his eyes scan me from top to bottom and his lip curls in disgust.
"Sure." I say, feigning to not want to slap him.
I remove my bag, walking toward a tree further from the group and the cliff's edge. I lay my bag up against it and lay down, pulling my hood over my head. After Hayes leaves, I watch the others as they chuckle and start a fire. They are suddenly very chatty for a group of people so silent. Perhaps it is because I have removed myself from their immediate vicinity.
But then I look around and realize that maybe it has nothing to do with me and more to do with the absence of Hayes. Does everyone avoid talking to him in general or around him? Has he lived like this for the past two years? It had seemed like at least he and Dean were somewhat friendly.
"Hey there," a voice calls out from the group, walking their way over with a mug.
"Hi," I mutter, not removing my hood as the fire grows brighter and flickers across the distance between us.
"I am Marcos." He walks up next to me, taking a seat before he hands over the hot mug. I take it curiously from him, sniffing it as he chuckles.
"It's just tea." He grins, the firelight illuminating the side of his face enough to see he has a pleasant smile. Marcos looks younger than me, though maybe not by much. His dark eyes match his tanned olive skin.
"What kind of tea?" I ask him with a soft smile.
"The kind that is good for the soul."
"Ah, so the kind Hayes avoids. Noted." I mutter, and he laughs. His laugh is soft and light. As if he isn't entirely miserable all the time.
"Rumor has it you two know each other well." He says, pulling his knees up to his chest as he wraps his arms around them.
"Knew." I correct him with a snort before taking a hasty sip. The tea stings my tongue in a delightful way as I smile down at the cup. My thumb rubbing over the rim. "We knew each other well, a long time ago." "Yeah well, seems like that is everyone's answer these days," He sighs.
"How long have you been in this little group?" I ask him and he looks out at the rest of the others, telling stories at the campfire.
"Since the beginning. Dean is my best friend. His sister was my mate." He says softly, a gentle smile on his lips.
"Ah," I mutter, unsure of what to say next. The last thing I should do is ask how she died. We all know how. The real meaning behind that question is 'what's the story' and 'how gruesome was it?' That is all people seem to care about. How much more painful their loss was than others.
"She was caught in an avalanche in the north. I just needed two more minutes to get to her, and she only had one minute left in her." He shakes his head. "It's not as gruesome as others, but I tend to think pain is pain no matter where it's felt. It feels different for everyone." "I can't imagine Dean handled losing his sister very well." I say softly and he nods.
"About as well as you can when you are mourning for the mate you just met," He responds and I furrow my brows.
"What do you mean by that?"
"Dean's mate, he met her as she was dying. The bond snapped into place. He got to hold her, so she wasn't alone, but then she was gone. He never even knew her name."
My stomach feels tight, and I exhale a sad sigh.
"Fuck." I shake my head. "I can't tell if that is worse than knowing them or not."
"There is no worse when it comes to death," he frowns. "The void is the same size regardless of how it was put there."
I chuckle, my eyes rolling, as I remember Tyler's friend Freddy. Always wise with his words and great at reminding everyone to pull themselves out of their own grief and remember there are others out there living with it, too. Honestly, he reminded me so much of the Hayes I used to know.
"You sound like someone I used to know." I whisper, longing for the past briefly.
"Hayes says I sound like a poetry loving fool." He grins.
"What does Hayes know?" I scoff, rolling my eyes. "Poetry is awesome,"
He grins and then Dean stands up and stretches, his head swinging around before he finds us. His hand rises and he motions for Marcos to come to him. Marcos sighs heavily and stands, brushing himself off before he gives me a small wave and jogs the short distance to the others.
It is very clear that Dean is mad at
him as he points at me and gets closer to Marcos, who puts his hands up in a nonthreatening way. sip my tea, watching the debacle as sleepiness settles in and I find
a lying position before I finish
myself scooching down.
warm drink and set the c1094
into
the
aside.
Exhaustion washes over me as I drift to sleep, waiting for Hayes to come and wake me for the second
shift. 
I wake to the sound of hushed arguments, my body filled with exhaustion despite a restful sleep.
"I can smell it," a voice growls in annoyance. "Are you seriously telling me you can't fucking smell that stench?"
I blink my eyes open, shielding them
from the sun that shines through the leaves as they sway in the wind. My limbs feet strange, heavy, as if there are weights on my ankles and wrists. After squirming from side to side, I push myself up, the world spinning as I fall back again, a groan in my throat. 
"What the hell...?" I murmur to myself.
"See!" The voice is louder, excited sounding. "I told you I could smell it. Wet dog."
I force my eyes to focus as I clear them by rubbing my fists into them. My mouth goes dry and my heart leaps into my throat as I slick my lips with my tongue and look up at the massive frame of two dragon shifters.
I scan the area for the others and find the fire has been out for some time as no smoke can be seen and the pile where it has been was nothing but dry ash. How long have these two been nearby and where the fuck did the others go? "Looks like she is alone." The second one says, sauntering over from the fire, where he kicks it and sniffs. "This has been out for at least twelve hours, is my guess."
Twelve fucking hours? My eyes
grow wide and my chest aches as my heart tries to break free. Did these assholes seriously leave me? And how the fuck did I not hear them when I am a light sleeper? The shorter one scoops up the cup to my right and lifts it to his nose before sticking his tongue in it. Then he
looks at the other with a smirk.
"It looks like she was left for us to play with. Maybe someone they left behind to slow us down?"
"The hell I was," I snap at them as they laugh at me.
"Left you for dead sounds better to you then?" They tease, and I scowl at them.
"No," I sigh, lifting my heavy arms as I stand and lean on the tree, trying to summon my strength. "They just showed me who I can trust."
And it sure as fuck isn't Marcos or Hayes.
"Too bad you won't be able to get revenge on them," they say, moving closer, their eyes glowing red as their chest illuminates. I can feel the heat coming, the way it radiates from their thick skin, and I realize there is only one thing I can do for now. Run.
###Chapter 141
"Shit, shit, shit," I mutter to myself as I crash through the brambles. Thistles and thorns slice through my skin as if I were running through barbed wire. My hoodie tears, catching on everything as I try to refocus myself. line their dragon's body.
I'm a fucking trained warrior and skilled tracker, damn it, but two dragons? At the same time? That's a tall order even for a top trained lycan. In their human form, they are stronger than us and their skin, depending on the type of dragon, can be as tough as the scales that
I cast my head down, ducking under a larger branch when the ground catches my eyes and I see I am coming to a rocky area. I break out of the bushes, a cry of pain as my hair tangles and rips from my scalp. A stinging reminder that I always have my hair slicked back for
a reason.
I come to a sliding halt, my feet dancing over the loose slate like rock as I tumble to my knees just before the edge comes into view. Great. I ran directly onto a slick ledge of loud rocks. So far I am doing a terrible job of using what I know. But in my defense, waking up to two giant dragon men is not all that great for providing clarity rather than sheer panic.
I swing my head from side to side, looking for a way out, up or heck, even down should I need it. But there is nothing but more thorns and bushes. My lycan itches for freedom, hunched and waiting on the edge of my anxiety. The moment she is needed, she will take over. No need for me to even request or seek her out.
We have always been in sync with each other, but since losing Tyler, something changed. Instead of feeling like two separate beings sharing a space, we feel more unified. More like we are one and the same. Though honestly, it would be nice to not have to rely on her just yet.
I glance to the right, a groan escaping my lips as I take off in that direction. The shale under my feet makes me unsteady, but I push forward, choosing not to wait any longer for the dragons to find me due to indecision. The ground shakes under my feet and the rocks shimmy, my body shifting slightly as they vibrate toward the edge of the cliff.
"What the hell..." I mutter, squatting down, trying to get my body more steady as I try to rush forward.
I stop when my eyes lock on a heavy-footed, smaller dragon. He stops from side to side; the earth shaking with its heavy weight. I breathe in deep and a growl rumbles through my spine, vertebrates snapping in quick succession as my lycan comes to the surface. I leap up; the rocks sliding out from under my feet, but I fly forward enough I can reach his leg. I cling to him, yanking myself around to his side. The jerk moves fast for a fat, stubby beast, his leg launching me into a bush. There is no time to waste as I lunge forward, swooping down to grab a triangular sharp rock.
The dragon rears his head up and I see the opportunity where his soft under chin meets his jaw. I catch him off guard with my lycan speed, hammering the rock into his neck before slipping my claws into his sliced flesh and dragging its along the inside exposing his throat as his deep red blood pours out along with a thick clear substance similar to the texture of oil.
I step away from him, my chest heaving from the effort before the wind picks up in the distance, the trees bending with its might, and I realize I am utterly fucked if I don't get lucky or run. There is nowhere to go, nowhere to hide as I rush to the edge of the cliff and spin, facing the dragon whose blood is hurriedly rushing toward the very edge where I stand.
Then I take a step back and drop. I dig my claws into the rocks, gliding down it for a few feet before coming to a stop where I hang and hope the other dragon doesn't look over the edge.
The blood over head splatters as the gusts from the other dragon's wings hit it and the other substance. It stops suddenly, silence filling the air while my heart beat fills my ears.
I watch the ledge above me, my body tingling with awareness and my lycan ready to leap up at a moment's notice. But nothing happens, no one makes a sound and the wind never comes back.
After a few moments, I choose to crawl back up, using my claws as I wedge them in the holes of the rock, making it almost to the tops when I slip. My body swings out, one claw clinging for dear life.
I can see the way the blood rushes down, melding with the dragon's fire substance, making it more vibrant and less angry red. It is mesmerizing watching it as it slips into the very spot I hang from and as if in slow motion, my hold loosens and suddenly, I am falling. I reach out, trying to grab hold of the rock again, but agonizing pain wracks my body as I hit a hard, jagged rock.
I can feel my rib muscles cave in, the air hissing from me as I wheeze and try to breathe. The coppery flavor of blood fills my mouth, my lycan trying to hold on until we crash to the end to save us.
Only instead of finding the bottom, the wall angles out acting like a sharp nail riddled swoop as I tumble and slam into every rock before rolling into the water where I dip into the frigid water.
I bob up and down, my lycan retreating as I heave for air, my chest shooting pains through all of me, making my toes curl as I try to force myself to swim. Instead, I grab a floating log, clinging to it with the last ounce of my strength. A half chuckle tears from my lips as I try to keep from crying.
"I might be seeing you sooner than I thought, Ty." I whisper, looking up at where I hope he sits with the Moon and watches me with pride.
I float until the sun goes down; the
river moving too fast for my weak state to swim to safety or out of it. As the moon rises over the water smile up, knowing if I died here, then I know at least tried. But I hear Tyler in my head, the very words he
spoke to me as he was drds he
And
my heart sinks. 
"Fuck." I grumble. Looking to the side, glimpsing smoke amongst trees.
I kick my legs, whimpering in pain as I slowly force myself to the side of the river where it slows. It takes far too long but I make it to the side, crawling out as my legs refuse to work, feeling like soggy over cooked noodles. "Well, holy shit." I hear Dean's familiar voice and anger rises in my chest. If I had any energy, I'd punch the fucker straight in the nose.
"Oh, hey dickface." I mutter with a heavy wheeze, looking up at him. "Found you."
"HAYES!" He roars, his face covered in shock as he doesn't move.
"Make yourself useful and help me up." I groan, pushing myself to my knees. Nausea overwhelms me as I groan and drop my head to the sand ground. "Oh, damn."
"It might be better if you stay lying down." He offers.
"What, so you can leave me behind to be found-"
"Ah, perhaps she isn't as terrible as we thought." Marcos interrupts me.
"Well, she found us," Hayes murmurs. "Which is more than I thought she would do. But she did find us relatively fast, given how much of a head start we had."
Everyone falls silent. The only sound
filling the air is the trickling of water
and my ragged, sharp inhales of breath before I look up, the pain coursing through my veins. I meet Hayes dark, empty eyes, only to watch them furrow and slowly shift from mild amusement to guilt and confusion. 
"What the fuck happened to you?" He insists like he has any right to care.
"Which time?" I gasp, "When I woke up to two dragons or when they chased me and I had to fight them and fell off a cliff?"
He takes a step forward, grabbing
hold of my arm and back, helping me up. I shove him off the second his touch-fizzles through my skin, skin, shooting to my chest. I was trying to convince self what I had felt that day was in my head. But there is no denying it now, not with the way my skin goosebumps and my pain lessens. 
Hayes is my second chance, mate. But he doesn't recognize it.
He looks at me in surprise.
"I don't want your fucking help." I growl out.
"Look, we didn't mean for you to get hurt," He says sincerely, but I want him to hurt. In every damn way, I reach out for Marcos and he comes to help me. I limp along with him and Hayes tries one more time to touch me. I yank away like he is salt to an open wound. "I don't want your deformed hands on me." I hiss at him, relishing the way he rears back. But instead of getting angry or looking hurt, he nods, tucking his hand away before he pulls off his oversized shirt.
"At least take this, so you aren't naked." He grumbles, yanking over my head before he storms away. He stops for a second and glances over his shoulder at me.
"Bring her to the fire so I can clean up her wounds."
###Chapter 142
*Hayes*
I wait for Kyra to make her way over to the fire after changing her clothes, my feet kicking at a stone stuck in the dirt. It was a bad call to leave her behind. No, it was worse than a bad call. It was a grave mistake that I feel deeper than I am prepared to admit. Kyra could
have died, and it would be my fault just like it was with Leandra.
My throat tightens, and I clench my jaw. Anger, my usual companion, seems to morph into a heaping of self loathing. Shit. I should have just dealt with it, but Kyra, with her red hair and freckles like the stars in the sky, she complicates things. She floods my head with memories of who I was, what I lost.
And as much as I need her gone, I don't want her hurt. I care for her, I always have. She was an amazing friend and a bright spot in my past. But my past is buried in ash, and having her here does nothing but stir up those ashes and leave me exposed. "I don't think she wants to come over, Hayes." Marcos says, coming up behind me.
I lick my lips, biting back a bitter chuckle. Of course she won't. The damn redhead has as much a fight in her as I have anger.
"Did you tell her she does not have a choice?" I ask, turning slowly to face the annoying, handsome lycan. My gut pinches, my eyes scanning the man before me with a renewed bite of jealousy.
"No offense, but you aren't a beta anymore-" He says, breaking off when a low growl rumbles through my chest. "Look, she is shaken up. In my opinion, she needs space."
"I will ask for your opinion when I want it, Marcos. Now go fetch my fucking tracker."
He lingers for a moment before shaking his head in disbelief and wandering off to a small tent. Marcos disappears for a minute, before he steps out, giving his hand to Kyra, who takes it as she limps in my direction. It feels like there is something stuck in my throat as I clear it, and adjust my sweatshirt at the neck.
Why does it feel so hard to breathe when I see someone like Marcos touching her?
"You called for me, your royal dictatorship?" Kyra says, wincing as Marcos helps down on the to log in front of the fire.
"You alright? Do you need anything?" He asks, his eyes focusing on her face like he knows her well enough to care. I bite back a scoff just as she barks a soft laugh.
"Oh, you think I trust you enough to ever take something from you again? How fun." She sneers before she whips her heated gaze to me.
"Marcos, go get the ointment." I order him, and he frowns as his shoulders slump and he stalks off doing as I ask.
"Don't bother," she calls out to him as he continues to walk on.
"Let me see you," I say, stepping over to her.
"There is nothing to see. I am a lycan, and I will heal after a good sleep." She protests, her arms crossing over her chest, but I see the way her already pale cheeks lose more color and she seems to gasp silently. Guilt and frustration swirl together as I press my lips together and scowl at her.
"It's my fault you are hurt, so shut up and stop resisting." I mutter.
She stops moving, sighing as she gives in and leans forward as I step behind her. My hands reach out to lift her shirt and my breathing hitches. A shiver running through my body, making me freeze as I blink and try to regain mental control. Why does the thought of seeing her smooth skin make me feel uncomfortable? What the hell is wrong with me?
"Are you going to look or are you trying to muster up a half-assed apology?" She mutters, giving me permission as I pull up the hem of her shirt and look at her bare back.
She leans forward, her elbows on her knees as she reaches back with her hands shielding her front as she grips the shirt at the base of her neck. Everything goes still, the air no longer moving and the sounds disappearing as I stare at the damage I caused.
When you live in a mentally dark place, you don't think you can sink any lower. That is until you witness what exactly that darkness has led you to do to someone you used to care deeply for.
The deep bruise covering the entirety of her back makes my heart skip a beat and the jagged cut, though clean looking and no longer bleeding, looks deep. She is littered with lacerations and scraps.
"Damn it, Kyra." I grumble with a heavy sigh. "I thought you said you were fighting dragons. It looks like you fell off a fucking mountain?"
She scoffs and shakes her head. "I did fall off a mountain. More like I slipped, dragon's blood and their fuel reserves are slippery."
I bite my tongue until I taste the familiar copper hint of blood in my mouth.
"Fucking hell." Dean whistles as he walks over and crouches closer, looking at the array of bruising colors on her once perfect skin. He reaches out, his fingers close to her skin, skin he has no right to touch. "What the hell are you doing?" I grind out.
"This one goes all the way along
here. She might have some broken ribs." He murmurs, his hand touching her as she reacts with a hiss, but she leans to the away.
exposing more of her side a net
around to her upper stomach My eyes linger on the swell of the bottom of her breast that she covers with her shirt and biceps, making my
mouth run dry. 
"I had broken ribs and a punctured lung." She says. "Hence why I still look awful. Internal injuries heal first."
My ruined fingers reach out,
touching her hard stomach muscles,
and she gasps, writing away from me. It stings seeing how she runs
Kne
from my touch, but not Dean's./ snap my hand back and take the ointment from where Marcos had placed it. A part of me wants to storm off, angry that she seems to be so disgusted by me, by the way I am now. 
But my stubbornness wins out and I glare at Dean, who is whole. His attractive features are not marred and deformed by a dragon who took everything from him. All it does is make my fury grow, and before I realize it, I clutch his wrist and force him to face me. "Go away," I hiss between my teeth and he blinks at me, confused.
"She doesn't need you gawking at her bare body." I say firmly, and Dean scoffs.
"I'm gawking at her wounds, Hayes. Not her damn body."
Kyra stands up in a flash and spins, yanking the ointment from me with a glower on her scratched up face. Her freckled cheeks are flushed with anger and pain.
"Its YOU I don't want touching me. Dean can stay and handle this," she says, placing the ointment in his hand. A dry laugh rolls through me that makes the two of them go still, fear in their eyes.
"I apologize that my looks disgust you, Kyra. But this is not up for debate. Sit your ass down and try not to vomit when I put my hands on you."
She stares at me, wide eyes before she swallows roughly and glances at Dean who puts his hands up and walks away, shooting me a curious look and shaking his head.
Then Kyra plops down. She yanks the shirt over her head, hugging it to her chest. She wordlessly shows me the upper part of her shoulders, where a large, slim, brown item glistens under her skin.
"It feels like there is something in my skin here," she mumbles, dropping her head into her hands.
"There is something in there," I sigh, opening the ointment and scooping it onto my good hand.
I stroke it over her cuts and scrapes, my fingers lingering over her skin, causing her to shiver. It brings a smile to my lips, thinking that perhaps it's a response to me. A spark hits my fingertips and I freeze, my chest aching and my body suddenly feeling like a heat is rushing through me after ages of being frozen.
I stumble back, falling over onto my
ass with a grunt. She glances back at me, the look on her face confused and hurt But under all of that, I sense a tiny flicker of hope and slam my emotional wall back up. No. No. What ever that fucking was, me coming back to life or just a peak at a future I could ever have; I shut it the fuck down. 
"Marcos!" I call out and he comes rushing over.
"What happened?" He asks, reaching out to help me up, but I shove him away.
"She has a massive splinter in her shoulder that needs to be taken out." I say, pushing myself up and taking a step back. Her eyes meet mine in a flurry of confusion and I look away, retreating quickly to the dark where she can't see me. "And I can't get it with my hand,"
It's not a lie, my dexterity isn't great in my injured hand. I'm not just disfigured, but I lost nerves and muscles to the flame. But my reasoning, though valid, is not why I am retreating.
Kyra's mere presence confounds me. She is bringing me to life when I prefer to live like the dead and I can't have that. I won't. Even if that means watching another man soothe her pain after I am the one who put her through it.
###Chapter 143
"What ya doing?" A voice asks from above me. I close my eyes and groan internally.
"Trying to find silence." I mutter.
"Hmm, looks more like you are spying on Marcos, Hayes." Nisha asks, dropping from the tree next to me where I hide and watch Marcos as he examines Kyra.
"I'm not spying on Marcos." I say defensively. She steps up next to me, looking straight ahead, and then she chuckles.
"So, are you going to apologize to her?"
I ignore her as I focus on Marcos' gentle, unmaimed hands as they glide across her bruised back. He eases her to the side, checking out the bruise on her abdomen, his thumb inching too close to her breasts-
"Hayes," Nisha says, stepping in front of me. Her dark brown eyes lock on mine as I clear my throat and look away quickly. "Seems like she is has gotten under your skin."
"She is not," I scoff, turning my back on Nisha and walking deeper into the trees. Every step away from where Marcos is touching Kyra feels like a brick is added to my body weight, sinking me further into the ground making it impossible to move further.
"What'd she do to you then?" Nisha pounces in front of me with a glimmer of excitement in her eye. Her short loose curls bobble with her head as she tilts it to the side, waiting for an answer.
"Kyra and I are old friends. She didn't do anything to me." I say firmly. It's the truth. When it comes to hurting Kyra, it seems I am almost always the root cause, and it sucks just as much now as it did back then.
"Oh," Nisha laughs as she covers her mouth. "Oh, you feel guilty."
My shoulders slump and I frown as I look directly into the thin werewolf's eyes.
"I feel bad she got hurt, yes, but my motive was justified." I clip out. "Kyra does not belong here. She shouldn't have been allowed on this mission."
Nisha makes a face, one that says 'interesting but I disagree' and I roll my eyes. Of the group we have with us, Nisha is annoyingly the most perceptive. Though Dean may be as well, he is much better at controlling his face when it comes to things he disagrees with. "Keep your opinion to yourself, Nisha." I warn her and she puts her hands up, feigning innocence.
"I didn't say anything," she protests.
"You didn't have to. Your face always speaks louder than your words." I mutter and she giggles.
"I can't help what my face does." She rolls her eyes. Her bubbly personality is a constant point of contention between us. But her desire for revenge is just as strong as the rest of us, so she fits our odd ball group. "Are you on watch?" I ask her, and she shoots me a grin.
"No, I was visiting with Koda." She says, as she waggles her brows suggestively.
I frown at her, and she rolls her eyes.
"Calm down, we just talked." She hides a wry smile. "Keep looking at me like that and I might almost be convinced you are jealous. You know I am open to comfort you, too."
She winks at me, and I glare at her.
"Get back to camp, Nisha." I sigh, turning my back on her as I walk away. She once again shoots around me and stands in my way. This time, her hands land on my chest and she gives me a soft, sad look. "Wait. You owe Kyra an apology, Hayes. And you should do it sooner rather than later." She says, a demanding look on her face that makes me chuckle dryly and shake my head as I push her hands away. "What I do is my business, Nisha." I scoff and she frowns.
"You fucked up with that command and you know it. Keep that shit up and you will lose crew members." She rivals my angered gaze with her own.
"Fine." I grit out, shoving her aside as I storm back to where I had come from. "I'll apologize."
It irritates me greatly that I was so quick to agree, but with every passing second, all I can see is Marcos' hands on Kyra. What if Marcos crosses a line and she is too weak to handle herself? Not that Marcos would ever do such a thing, but my mind can't think straight. My pace quickens, and my mind wanders to all sorts of dangerous places.
"Hayes," Dean calls to me from my right, but I don't detour toward him. "Hayes!"
He calls again, and then he chases after me.
"What?" I growl at him and he looks at me like I am insane.
"We have eyes on a dragon," He says. "Koda is tracking him now, making sure he goes further away. But it looks like he is scanning the water."
I freeze, looking right at Dean as he watches the realization settle.
"So this dragon, do we think it is the second one that Kyra mentioned?" I ask him and he nods.
"That would make sense. They aren't usually in this area, so for it to be a separate incident, it would be pretty rare."
"Fuck," I grumble, dragging my good hand through my hair. "Where is Koda, exactly?"
Dean furrows his brow in confusion. "He is near the ridge by the large oak tree."
"Good." I mutter, changing directions as I sprint toward where Koda is hunkering down and watching the bastard dragon. "No!" Dean roars, chasing after me. "We can't just kill this one."
I snort a laugh.
"The hell I can't,"
All I need to do is remember seeing Kyra in pain and the way her body is bruised and broken. After witnessing
who hurt her. And I will kill this
that, I can do anything neto
fucker who thinks it is okay to hunt and try to kill our kind just for the sheer fun of it. Dean has seen me at my worst and my best, so he must know I can handle this.
"Hayes, we need you for this mission. This mission is too important for this one dragon. Kyra is fine. She is okay."
His words make me stop in my tracks, my mouth sealing shut as I breathe heavily and spin to look at him, confused. "What did you say?" I croak.
"Kyra is okay." He repeats and I see it, the way he thinks this has anything to do with me caring for her. And maybe it does, but for him to assume he knows that infuriates me.
"This isn't about Kyra." I growl at him. "This is about those fuckers killing as they please for sheer pleasure of it. This is one less dragon for us to face later if we kill him now."
"Or we can follow him to find the others." Dean parries and I freeze. "We track him, watch him and see where he goes, what he does. We have a tracker now, right? Let's use her the way Alpha intended." "He intended her to help us find Ezrah, not dragons." I remind him and she shrugs, grinning.
"This could be her test run, then."
I wrestle with the thought of keeping
Kyra along with us, hating it. But
then I think about her alone in these woods, like she had been, and
blazing anger comes flowing
as I
through my veins. No, as much a
hate to admit it, I want Kyra Safe. And out here, the safest place is with
us. Which means she wifPbe staying. 
"Fuck," I grunt. "Damn it. I hate when you use logic on me."
"Yeah, well, you used to be the logical one," he teases, slapping me on the side of the arm. "Now let's get something to eat. Nisha was going to make stew on the fire," "Fine," I mutter, following along with him.
We walk in silence, the glow of the fire coming closer and each step making me more nervous than the last. Being near Kyra is confusing and upsetting. I have missed her, and yet, I can't figure out how to act around her anymore. Would it be so awful to be her friend again, not like we were, but in the way that I am close with Nisha or Dean? It might not be terrible. 
The sound of groaning breaks my train of thought and I freeze, looking forward to see Kyra on her belly behind the flame. Her back arches up with Marcos on top of her, and his face contorts with effort. She lets out a moan, her eyes sliding closed before she falls forward, heaving, and then a soft chuckle.
"Heavens," she murmurs.
"Fuck yes," He says with a satisfied grin, wiping sweat from his brow.
Everything inside of me grows cold, as if I can not move, can not breathe.
"Yeah? That feels good?" Marcos asks, chuckling as he stands up, the first obscuring my view of them as they lay on the other side. "Now, spin over. I want to see all of you." Rage consumes me, my eyes seeing red as I lunge forward, a roar breaking from my lips as I tackle Marcos through the fire, my fist colliding with his perfectly angular face.
###Chapter 144
*Kyra*
"What the hell?" I mutter, rushing to my feet, slipping my arm back in the holes of my shirt before tugging it over my stomach with a wince. My shoulder is still sore from where Marcos had to dig into my skin to get a grip on what I assume was a massive splinter.
My eyes grow wide when I see Hayes on top of Marcos, his hand hammering into his face as Marcos tries to protect himself. Dean is on them yanking at Hayes while the woman with us checks on Marcos. I feel caught in the middle, unable to figure what to do or feel in the moment. What the hell just happened? "Hayes!" Dean screams into his face as he struggles to hold him back. "What the fuck has gotten in to you?"
"Is he okay?" I ask, my voice trembling as I look at Marcos' already bruised eye and sliced lip.
"Nothing that a few hours won't fix," Marcos gives me a grin before turning an angry scowl to Hayes. "Mind explaining what the hell that was that for?"
"Don't play dumb, Marcos," Hayes hisses, his lip curling in disgust as he looks down at Marcos like he is dirt under his shoe. It is clear this has nothing to do with me. The way the two scowl at one another makes it seem like this is an issue they deal with often. Even if Marcos looks as confused as I feel.
"You don't think you could have at least waited to jump him," I scoff, dusting the front of my pants off, annoyed.
Marcos didn't have the time to finish looking at my injuries and my ribs are killing me still. All I want is to move without having every part of me ache and sting. It might have been nice if Marcos could give me something like some ointment for the pain.
"What, you weren't finished yet?" He spits the words at me like I am disgusting and my nose scrunches in complete bewilderment. Is Hayes not the one who told me to get checked out? Is he not the one who stormed off and left Marcos to take care of me? What the hell am I missing here? Why is his anger suddenly pointed at me?
"Uh, well, not really." I say, looking over at Marcos, who seems as lost as me. "What the hell is going on?"
"Wow," Hayes scoffs, finally shoving Dean away from him as he takes a step back. "I expect a lot of things from you, but dense and easy were not on that list."
My mouth falls open, and I snort a half laugh.
"He got the thing out of my shoulder, but my ribs are still hurting, so he told me to turn over so he could get a closer look." I defend myself, not sure why I feel the need to explain anything, but for some reason, I do.
Hayes freezes, his eyes darting around as he takes a step closer to me. He almost looks frantic, as if he might not be able to breathe if he doesn't ask me what is on his mind. It's strange to see him look like he might care or at the very least need something from me. "What was he doing to you? Just now," he whispers, his voice demanding, all the while sounding desperate. My brows furrow as I swallow, unsure how to feel about his closeness.
"I just fucking told you. He was tearing a massive splinter from my shoulder, then he was going to put ointment on my ribs..." I say the words slowly, watching how his face changes from anger to relief, then straight to embarrassment. Then, in the blink of an eye, he goes void. All emotions gone and hidden as he clears his throat and stands up straighter.
"Get some sleep." He mutters before he turns to walk off.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Marcos bellows after him, but Hayes continues to walk. "Does someone want to explain that to me?"
"From our angle it looked like you were..." Dean pauses, then clears his throat. "It looked like the two of you were-"
"It looked like you were fucking." The woman says, dropping onto a log next to the fire and sending me a wink. "Can't say it didn't look hot, because it got me feeling some type of way. Not angry, but something."
"Wait, so it looked like Marcos was having sex with me? And Hayes got pissed off?" I ask. Truth be told, I am not sure if I'm more upset about his reaction or the insinuation. I just let people take me randomly in the middle of the woods with others around.
"He has a strict no sleeping with crew members policy." Marcos says standing up and gingerly touching his face. "But damn, I got hit, and I didn't even break the rules."
"Someone should go talk to him." Dean says, looking around.
Marcos snorts as he settles in next to the fire.
"Sure as shit won't be me," he mumbles.
"Nisha?" Dean asks, and the woman rolls her eyes.
"What? Because I'm a female, you think I want to talk with the grump? No, thank you. He will walk it off and come back later like nothing happened. We all know Hayes. He explodes and asks questions later." She waves her hand in the air like it's no big deal, but by looking at Dean, I can tell it's a huge deal.
"I'll talk to him." I exhale, my stomach twisting sharply as Dean gives me a look, then nods.
"Probably best it's you." He says.
"What? Because of our history?" I ask, and he shakes his head.
"No, because he owes you an apology." He shrugs and Marcos roars in laughter.
"He owes me one too, but I'm not going after him." He says, then he looks at me. "You are better off just letting him cool off and come back later."
I consider it for a second, but then I realize I don't want Hayes coming back here acting like nothing happened. He owes me not one, but two apologies now. And I am damn crazy enough to chase him down and demand them.
I chase after him, the irony of this moment not slipping my mind as the last memory I have with him resurfaces.
I remember the way Hayes stood in front of me, his smile fading away as my heart beat out of my chest, fear replacing the excitement.
"I love you, Hayes." I say, my voice cracking as he takes a hesitant step away from me. "And I know you love me, too."
"Kyra," He whispers my name, his face falling as he looks away shaking his head. "Why?"
My brows knit together, perplexed by the question.
"What do you mean, why? I love you because of who you are. Every morning, all I can think about is seeing you smile and being near you. You make me feel safe, Hayes. You are my home."
"Stop it. Just...stop it Kyra. You don't know what you are talking about." He grits out.
My stomach drops, my mouth dry as I realize what is happening.
"I do." I croak. "I am in love with you, I will always be in love with—"
His lips smash into mine, and my world spins on its axis. My heart soars and my body ignites as I wrap my arms around his neck, holding him closer, my lips working against his in a selfish need. But then he tears away and pushes me back, wiping his lips. "See," He says. "There is nothing there, no spark, nothing."
"Nothing," I repeat, blinking as my heart shatters at our feet and I stumble away from him a step.
"Nothing. You know I want my mate. I want that spark and the mate bond. Choosing you would...it would be like choosing a knock off brand."
"Why are you being so mean?" I whisper, struggling to catch my breath.
"Because you ruined everything Kyra!" He roars as he takes a step away and then spins on his heels, leaving me in the woods, under the moon alone.
I shake the painful memory, pushing
it to the back. This is not the same. I am not following him to profess my love. I am following him to demand an apology for leaving me to die out of his incredible hatred for me. As I approach him now, over eight years later, I prepare myself for the signature blow ups he has been having since being reunited again. 
"Hayes," I say softly, coming up on his back, keeping enough space between us my safety. I watch
S for
his muscles tense as I get closer, his head turning to look at me from over
his shoulder. From this angle, he looks like the Hayes I used to know. The one in the woods who was waiting for me with a smile. The handsome beta who was wise beyond his years and always in a good mood. 
"They sent you to check on me, huh?" He exhales, sounding disappointed, and I try not to take it personally. Just because he looks like my best friend for a moment doesn't mean he is him.
"I volunteered." I shrug, stepping up next to him.
"That seems highly unlikely." He murmurs.
"And yet it happened."
"Then what is it you want?" He asks.
"An apology, well, two of them, actually." I demand and his back rises and falls as if he is laughing silently at me.
""What for?" He asks, gently.
"For starters, drugging me and
leaving me behind to almost die." I don't hold back the anger in my voice, "And for just assuming I am some slut who throws herself at men?t have only ever been with one man in my entire life. I have only ever kissed TWO. For you to assume I would ever-" Content bélongs to
"I am sorry, Kyra." He says, his voice soft and full on sincerity that it catches me off guard.
"For which thing?" I ask him, wanting him to be specific and acknowledge both wrongs he did. Hayes looks at the ground before lifting his chin, meeting my eyes with his tortured gaze.
"For abandoning you." He whispers the words I have been waiting for him to say for years.
"Which time?" I ask "Because it seems to be your favorite thing to do to me."
"Every time," His voice breaks, and he clears his throat. "Every time."
###Chapter 145
"I don't know what to say," I admit, his honesty catching me off guard. Since the second he laid eyes on me again, he has been nothing short of rude and cold. Every word has been a stab at me in one way or another. But now he suddenly racked with guilt and
apologizing?
"There is nothing to say, Kyra. You asked for your apology and I gave it to you," he says matter of fact.
"And that's it? We go back to constant fighting and bickering?" I ask, arching a brow. He pauses, then lets out a low sigh, his good hand coming up to pinch the bridge of his nose.
"I don't know," He admits. "What do you want from me?"
I scoff. "For starters? Maybe you not trying to sabotage me at every turn."
He frowns like I am speaking some untruth, and I give him a stern look.
"Fine. But in my defense, I wasn't the one to drug you." He says.
"Did you tell Marcos to do it?" I ask, crossing my arms over my chest. He looks away and shrugs, refusing to answer, and I roll my eyes. "Of course you did."
"I didn't want you to get hurt." He tells me, and I see how sincere he is, but sincerity doesn't matter when you mess up.
"Yeah, that worked out really well." I scoff, throwing my hands up in frustration, and he winces.
"In retrospect, it was a bad decision." He admits. "Dragons are not known for being in this area, even scouts. We are still close to the water and they usually avoid it."
"I was passed out for hours, Hayes. HOURS! That's not just a bad decision, it was a near fatal one and I know I am here in one piece, but it was very, very close to being me in multiple pieces." I say, my voice rising.
It doesn't matter that he apologizes or that he admits he was wrong. What I understand now is that I want to know why he thinks so little of me. Was loving him back then, asking him to choose me. Was it so wrong?
"I fucked up." He says, his voice matches mine in volume. "All I can do is apologize and ask if we can move on."
I throw my hands up in defeat. "And what does moving on look like?"
"What?" He freezes, swallowing hard as he blinks at me.
"What does moving on look like for us? You want to move on from this? Fine. How do you envision that happening?" I ask him, my hands finding my hips as he looks around, his brows pulled together in thought. "Well, I figured you would want an escort back—"
I step into him in a second, my body nearly pressing against his as my anger surges through me.
"Hayes, I am not going back." I hiss, "The girl you remember and the woman standing in front of you are very different people. I do not cower and I do not run. You need to find this Fae? I am your only hope of finding him. I can promise you that." His eyes meet mine and for a moment the air grows thick, the forest around us silent as I get lost in his hazel eyes.
"Why do you hate me so much?" I whisper, my chest breaking open. All his actions and reactions point to one thing: hatred. Hayes has learned to not only hate life, but he has locked everyone out, and I am the furthest on the outside than even Merikh. "I don't hate you," He says, his words soft as he leans closer.
My breathing hitches, his closeness catching me off guard as his warm breath tickles over my lips.
"It feels like it." I murmur, cursing myself as my eyes flick to his lips, watching too eagerly as his tongue slips out and wets them.
"I wouldn't have helped you if I hated you." He says. His presence is damn near overwhelming. The scent I didn't pick up before now wraps around me like a safety blanket and it I can't tell if I crave it or fear it.
His chest brushes against mine,
catching me off guard as he closes
the distance between us completely and he stares into my face. My breathing hitches and I can feel the heat in my cheeks. I need to cut this tension, obliterate it to smithereens. I can't allow anyone to have this type of power over me. Not again. 
"You call beating Marcos and accusing me of having sex with him, helping me?" I ask, my mouth still dry, my body light as if it is floating. It doesn't matter how much I want this pull to go away, it tugs me in deeper.
"I thought he was touching you." He says his words full of bite as if remembering the moment in his mind. What he thinks he saw must have been something far more devious than what actually took place.
"He was touching me." I say, and his eyes flash as he seems to wake up from a daze. Hayes takes a step back from me as he drags a hand down his face. "Marcos was helping me, Hayes. Just like you had instructed him to do." "Why are you still here?" He asks, the gentle Hayes I remember disintegrating in a puff of annoyance. "I already apologized."
"I came for more than that." I tell him, and he watches me expectantly. "The rest of the group is worried about you."
He shakes his head, a laugh breaking from his deformed, yet somehow still handsome face.
"They know when to give me space," he says, then he points at me. "You clearly don't remember me well."
I roll my eyes and cross my arms over my chest, breathing easier now that the tension has lessened.
"I remember everything about you, Hayes. All of this" I lift my hands, waving them around his body as if pointing out his aura. "All of it has changed."
"Yes, I am very well aware of how much my new look disgusts you." He says with an emotionless face.
I shake my head and look away for a minute before turning back to look at him. What I need to do is place a barrier between us. Something that keeps him close yet far enough away that I don't fall into the trap of this one sided bond. 
I can't reject him until he acknowledges it exists and that won't happen until whatever is blocking on his end fades. So I am stuck fighting two wars at once. The war against my heart and sout, and the one raging around us we are trying to end. 
"It's not just the outside that is repulsive, Hayes. You are only mirroring what's inside. I suppose I can't blame you for that." The words feel like acid burning my throat as I watch him for a reaction. He nods, his lips pressed together in a straight line before he clicks his tongue.
"Well, at least we can agree on that." He mutters. "I appreciate you making it clear. Next time I won't interject when you are..."
"When I am being healed?" I arch a brow, interjecting before he can continue. "Yeah, probably best you let the healer help me before you punch his lights out."
He grins as he looks away, a look of pain on his face.
"That mouth is going to get you in trouble, Kyra." He says, turning his gaze on me once more. "And it will likely be me punishing you for it."
My body flutters in surprise and heat as I feign annoyance and let my eyes roll again.
"I welcome you to try, Hayes. As you can see, I am not the same weak love struck girl you remember."
###Chapter 146
*Hayes*
It doesn't matter how good Nisha's food usually tastes, this time it lacks flavor. Or maybe it's lacking the privacy of not having everyone staring at me like. They sit across the fire as I pick at the food in my bowl, trying not to look up at anyone. Their eyes have been on me since the moment I slunk back after Kyra left me in the woods to sulk. Not that I was sulking, though. Because I wasn't. It was more than that. It was realizing how much I have missed her even when I don't have the right to. Well, that and feeling like a complete asshat for pummeling Marcos in the face when he didn't do anything wrong. I mean, his hands were all over her, but what right do I have to be upset over that?
My stomach churns and I ignore it, refusing to acknowledge the truth I can feel deep in my gut. It doesn't matter that I don't have the right to care. I do, and I fucking hate that anyone else is touching her when my hand can barely register the touch of her skin. "So..." Nisha says, clearing her throat. "Are you going to apologize to Marcos next?"
I exhale, placing the bowl and spoon to the side. "What is your obsession with apologies, Nisha?" I ask.
She shrugs, a smug smile tugging at her lips.
"I was just curious." She says.
"Be less curious, Nisha." I mutter.
"Is there a reason you are being more of a jerk than usual, Hayes?" Koda asks, breaking into the conversation.
I scoff, reaching up to drag my hand through my hair. My twisted flesh covered fingers tangle in my locks and I struggle to get them out, my fingers refusing to bend as they do on occasion. I yank hard, but the jerky movement doesn't go unnoticed by the blazing light brown eyes watching me from under her long lashes.
"You know, if your hand is acting up again, you should have Marcos take a look." Dean offers. "He probably won't even want an apology."
"Can we just drop the Marcos thing?" I growl, annoyed with their antics as they try to hide their amused faces.
"Why don't you guys fill me in on the plan?" She says, drawing the attention to her. I glance at her, surprise in my brows, and she sends me a soft smile. One that lets me know she is changing the subject for my own good.
"Right," I clear my throat. "Alpha Merikh has provided us with some intel, giving us a few ideas of where Ezrah may have potentially gone. Since we are in a time of war, trespassing on the Fae's territory is dangerous, but since we are allies, most of them anyway, we should be okay."
Kyra's brows knit together in thought before she frowns.
"And you plan to just wander around and hope to come across him?" Kyra asks, sounding shocked and unimpressed.
"What else do you expect? We have vague sightings and hopeful chance encounters. There is no solid proof of where he is, just verifying where he isn't." I explain. "For close to two years, we have traveled in search of him and found absolutely nothing."
"And you hope to find him in the void between the areas you have checked off?" She asks, looking amused yet skeptical.
"When you have nothing else to go off of, you kind of start getting desperate." Dean says and she chuckles.
"And where do I come into play, then?" She asks, "I mean, I am here to track him, am I not? Does that not alter the plan at all?"
I look around at the others, who shake their heads and laugh to themselves. It is annoying and cute how highly Kyra thinks of herself. She always did undervalue herself back when we were younger.
"You can't track a ghost, Kyra." Koda grins.
"Ezrah is not a ghost," Kyra says matter of fact.
"He might as well be." Nisha cuts in now. "Look, the guy was a messenger. A fae messenger. That means they don't travel like normal people do. His speed and ability-"
"I am well aware of what he is and how his kind moves." Kyra interjects Nisha. I watch as Nisha's face goes from shock to frustration. She has never handled being talked over well, even when I do it. "I mean no disrespect, but I was briefed on all of this." "Then you know you are of no use to us." I say, doubling down on making sure she knows she is not needed. What use is a tracker when you can't even find a place for them to start tracking?
"How about you all let me deal with the details and do what I do best. All of you have spent close to two years on this mission, and yet, it has yielded nothing." She reiterates.
I scoff, trying to hide the offense I feel, but I fail miserably.
The others must feel the same way as the others grow more tense, Nisha's anger rising, Dean grows despondent and Koda licks his teeth rearing to toss a smart ass comment out. But yet no one says anything, all of them looking to me to speak instead. "We have figured out where he is not." I remind her and she shakes her head in disappointment.
"It's not about where he is not,
Hayes. It's about when he IS. You
keep telling me he isn't here or there when you looked in the past. But how do you know he isn't right on our heels going where you have checked? Remaining unnoticed under your noses because they are pointed the opposite way?"
"And what do you plan to do when you find him like you say you will, huh?" Nisha barks out, unable to keep her mouth shut any longer. "Be a good little doggy and wag your tail and point in his direction." "Nisha!" I groan. "That is enough."
"Sorry," she mutters, looking ashamed. "But she is saying all our time invested is what? For nothing? Useless? It's bullshit."
"Tracking isn't the process of elimination. It is a calculated process of finding clues and following them in the right direction. I know you have had trackers before, and no, I'm not under the impression I will just join you guys and find him in a few days. This will take time." "I am running out of time and patience," I grind out. "The dragons are growing desperate and moving closer even despite the risk it poses to them. There is no ending this war without finding the Fae asshole."
"Then let me be the patient one
while you guys continue on doing what you have been doing. I will look deeper, search for things you don' think to examine." She explains. Her words are almost ones of pleading, like she is begging us to let her help. To trust her, but trust is hard for people like us who hardly have it in us to trust each other.
But Kyra is so confident. Her voice is unwavering and her shoulders squared as she defends and explains what a tracker is to us. She sounds like she knows what she is doing and she looks even more like she believes it. "We have never had a tracker before." Dean says and I shoot him a glare dark enough to melt his lycan away. The asshole didn't have to tell her that. I watch as Kyra's eyes shoot up in surprise.
"Alpha Merikh said you had used some in the past." She says, looking confused.
"We had some join us for a short time." I admit, scratching the back of my neck. Her eyes narrow as she looks around at all of us.
"How short, exactly. Because I am getting the vibe that maybe you guys drug all your trackers and leave them behind?" She snaps and I chuckle nervously.
"No," I try to reassure her, but Dean's and Koda's faces betray the truth. "We have never had to drug any of them before. Just a day or two with us and they sort of wanted to leave."
Kyra looks around at each of us, a dry laugh tumbling from her lips as she shakes her head in disbelief.
"Why would you not want a tracker to help? I don't get this blatant distrust of someone so useful."
"It's not that we don't want the help but..." Dean stops mid sentence, the words falling off like he wants her to follow his thought process.
"But what?" She demands, crossing her arms over her chest. Her eyes fill with a dare, waiting for him to say something scathing.
"They are cocky and all important.” I say, drawing her attention to me, the full weight of her stark annoyance bearing down on me, and I realize like it when her eyes are on me. And I like how her nose seems to
scrunch, drawing her freckles together, making her adorable and not at all lethal looking.
"For a group that has gone so long on a failure of a mission, those are some weighted words." She bites out, clearly restraining herself.
I see Marcos walking up to us, clearly coming to swap with Dean for night watch.
"This looks like a fun conversation." He mutters, sliding a soft smile to Kyra who struggles to return it through her own anger. "Dean, you are up for watch." "I'll go," Kyra says, jumping up far too eager. "I'd hate to get left behind again."
"You really should rest," Marcos says, reaching out to gently grab her wrist. She stops, looking at his hand before she pulls it away.
"The only people who rest well are the ones with trust. I have none of that with any of you." She says, her voice cold.
Then she walks off into the dark.
"Well, that went well." Nisha mumbles.
"I'll go talk with her." Marcos sighs, turning right back around to follow her. I stand, stepping in front of him, looking at where Kyra still strides away from us. "No, I will go." I assure him, and he frowns.
"Honestly, it's probably best if it's Marcos who goes, Hayes." Dean offers gently. "He is a little less quick to anger and, well...they seem to get along rather well." "I get along with Kyra fine," I argue and everyone looks away as if they don't want to tell me I am wrong. "I do."
"I'll be back later," Marcos says before he steps around me, clapping me on the shoulder with a sympathizing look before he saunters off after my Kyra.
###Chapter 147
*Kyra*
I wander in a circle around the perimeter of the camp, my eyes open and ears on high alert, looking for trouble. More like asking for trouble. What I really need to do right now is punch something, well, someone. I could see it in Hayes' face, the way he watches me with a smug look when I talk about trackers and what we do.
He is looking down on me, remembering me from when we were kids and assuming I never changed. Which is hilarious considering that when I look back at eighteen-year-old me, she seems so immature and far away. I was a warrior, but I had no motivation to push myself. That changed when I had a broken heart to protect and nowhere else to go.
It's strange how we find strength after being broken. A true test of character is going from having everything to having nothing and trying to find a way back up again. Strength is feeling betrayed by others, so you have to learn to trust yourself. I learned that from Tyler. So everyday I grew stronger, a new drive to be the best, for myself and everyday Tyler showed up and he trained me. He waited for me to find myself before pushing the mate bond. And it was his patience and persistence that made me accept him.
A soft owl hoot from above brings me back to where I'm at, making me shake my head of the past thoughts. I duck under a low branch before a shiver runs up my spine and I realize I'm not alone. A stick snaps to my right, on the other side of the tree where I stand and I press myself against the dry bark.
There were no signs of dragons in the area. No heat or dying foliage, but then again, I hadn't seen that around when I was attacked last time, either. I peek around, searching into the darkness for someone, when a soft shadow is cast across the tree from the moon peeking through the branches. Instinct kicks in and I sprint toward the source, carefully placing my feet in spots that have no sticks of dried leaves. It feels like I slam into a brick wall from behind before it gives way and falls forward. The figure grunts, throwing its hands out to stop itself before landing on all fours.
I twist as I fly over their head, my arms scooping up and under their armpits locking onto them. As I fall over them, their body rises up into the air, slipping from my grip. I growl in annoyance as I roll over to my stomach, forcing myself up, but I'm not fast enough as a body slams into my chest, throwing me backward.
Pain laces up my side as I grit my teeth, refusing to give them the satisfaction of knowing they found a weakness on me. My claws come out, as I grip on and dig my nails into the warm body I feel through the shirt. They lift their head and cry out in shock and pain. The blood in my face drains and I retract my claws, letting go as they roll over me, straddling my body.
"Damn it!" Marcos grumbles, his face close to mine. "Kyra stop! It's Marcos!"
"Why didn't you say anything earlier?" I hiss at him as he glares at me.
"I was a little busy being tackled," he grumbles.
He doesn't move from his spot, clearly worried I might try to attack him again. My body relaxes under him, my arms falling to the side of my head with his grip on my wrists. There is no denying the position we are in looks and feels intimate, more so than when Hayes gave him the black eye he is currently sporting.
"You snuck up on me while I was on watch." I retort and tilt my head to the side.
A smile breaks over his perfect face and I feel a fluttering in my stomach. No man has ever been this close to me, in this type of position, but Tyler.
Suddenly my cheeks flush pink and I find myself looking away, hating that my body misses this type of warmth and the weight of a man above me. It's not all sexual, but more the nostalgia of what would happen and with whom when I was usually like this. "I wasn't trying to sneak up on you." He mutters, his eyes falling to my lips as my mouth goes dry.
Marcos is undeniably attractive, hell I'd venture to say he looks angelic. His face is perfectly symmetrical with a tan that makes me think he spends all his days at the beach. And his dark hair and light-colored eyes make him all the more alluring. But this spark with him, this feeling in my gut, is a memory of what Tyler could do to me.
Marcos is easily trouble for me. He is the kind man I could be with and has no sadness over him also being with someone else, because I would almost expect it from him. But my heart is not in the place for such things, not when it is confused and thinking it belongs to Hayes again.
"Are you going to just lay on top of me or are you going to help me up and tell me why you came out here?" I ask, meeting his eyes.
I watch the way his face shifts from almost a sensual haze to reality and his eyes grow wide before he releases my wrists and jumps up. He reaches out, offering me a hand as he tugs me back up and I dust myself off.
"Sorry," He says, rubbing the back of his head. "I kind of got carried away."
"Why are you out here, Marcos?" I ask him.
He frowns.
"I was just checking on you." He offers as an explanation and I scoff, a disbelieving smile tugging at the corner of my lips.
"I am fine." I tell him truthfully.
"It didn't seem like it when I walked up. And then when Nisha filled me in..."
"None of you have faith in my abilities, and it's annoying. But truth be told, I'm not here to impress anyone or prove myself. I am here to get the job done, and I will." I shrug.
Marcos exhales heavily, walking over to me before plopping down on the ground and leaning up against a tree.
"Trackers make most of us feel useless." He says with a sigh.
"How is that?" I ask him.
"We are warriors, and we are hunting someone we have never gotten close enough to even scent. Do you have any idea how upsetting that is? It's like hunting fucking bigfoot. Half the time I wonder if this Ezrah guy actually exists or if Alpha Merikh imagined this scenario up." He admits.
I can see the guilt in his eyes the second he says the words. He squeezes them closed and exhales.
"Alpha Merikh is not the kind to make things up." I say and he nods.
"No, I know that it's just..." He pauses and then he leans forward. "Hayes is his brother, his beta, and he hates Alpha now. He can barely stand to be in the room with him. How are we supposed to trust one while trusting the other?" 
I hear a gentle shifting of leaves behind us and I look back, seeing nothing, smelling nothing before rising and taking two steps in the direction. Marcos comes up to my side his hand on my back as Hean forward and squint my eyes,
“I
searching for anything.
I can feel eyes on me, as if there is a weight pinning me in place, but it doesn't feel threatening. Instead, it feels almost safe, like for once I'm not afraid of what is behind me.
"Do you see anything?" Marcos whispers, and I shake my head.
"No, it's just an animal." I mutter before I turn, Marcos' hand staying where it was as my body moves and I look down, finding the warmth of his palm on my stomach. He yanks it back and clears his throat. apologize." He offers me a sincere look.
"It's fine." I say nervously, creating a space between us. "You can head back and go to sleep, Marcos."
"Are you sure you are going to be okay?" He asks.
I frown at him. "Why is it you guys don't fawn over Nisha, but with me, you all assume I am weak and in need of constant check ups?"
He blinks at me, his mouth falling open before he snaps it shut and gives me a tight smile.
"To be honest, my concern is out of guilt."
"Ah, you drugged me so you feel responsible." I say, and he gives me a grin.
"Guilty. Though I will also admit I am attracted to you."
My eyes widen, completely taken aback. Of all the things to say, on a mission like this, that is not something I expected from anyone.
"Uh, well. Thank you, I guess?" I offer, crossing my arms over my chest, my cheeks blushing red.
"I know that there is something going on between you and Hayes, but-"
"Woah! There is nothing going on between me and Hayes." I snort. "We used to be best friends, that is it."
He looks at me skeptically.
"As the guy sporting this sexy black eye, I can assure you that is not it. Hayes doesn't blow up like that. Hell, the Hayes he has been since you entered the picture is not the same one we knew before." I tilt my head, unsure if I should feel flattered or offended.
"How was he before?" I ask, my voice a little squeaky.
"Well, I never knew the pre-war Hayes. Not well enough to say I knew him. But Hayes, before you came, was...well he was robotic. He had one mode, fight."
"Seems like he is still in that mode." I scoff, and Marcos shakes his head.
"No, trust me. This one is different," he mutters.
I say nothing, honestly unsure of what to say now that Hayes is in my thoughts, confusing me and angering me all without being around. Marcos stands awkwardly for a moment before he huffs out a sigh. "Well, if you are sure you are okay out here, I will head back then." He says.
I can tell he wants to stay, maybe because he wants to be around me or maybe because he still feels I am not up to the task, but what I want is to be left alone.
"See you in the morning." I say, giving him a tight smile.
"Actually... Do you mind if I just sit with you for a little longer?" He asks. I narrow my eyes.
"Why?" I ask him and he chuckles.
"It's completely innocent, I promise. I just find it peaceful being around you. Or maybe it's being around someone new. I promise I won't talk." He says, tossing his hands up.
"Fine." I roll my eyes. "But if you make a sound, I'm sending you back."
He makes a movement over his mouth like he is zipping his lips up and I smile at the cute little action. Then I look out into the distance and I swear I can see a figure watching
us and my heart lurches when l
realize just how similar the shape is to Tyler's. 
I squeeze my eyes shut tight, and rub them, looking at the same blank spot where a body inhabited milliseconds earlier. Either I am going crazy or we are being followed, and I am not sure which one it is yet.
###Chapter 148
"So, where exactly are we headed first?" I ask the group as they move in silence in front of me. Nisha groans in annoyance, picking up her pace, Koda following along behind her like a love struck puppy. "Great, good talk." I mutter to myself. "She will come around eventually," Marcos says, popping up on my right. He gives me a gentle smile that makes my cheeks blush and I shake my head, hiding my grin. "I enjoyed spending time with you last night." I chuckle and nod. "Yeah, the silence was nice."
His eyes squint slightly and his mouth quirks up at the edges, the light sound of laughter tumbling freely from him like he is unaffected by his past. A pang of jealousy twinges in my chest and I look away, tucking a loose strand of hair behind my ear. "I was thinking more about the nice wrestling match." He winks and I bark out a laugh, giving him a shove as he leans away.
"Way to make it sound less like you getting your ass kicked and more like it was planned." I tease him.
"I mean, call it what you want. I'm happy to do it again whenever you'd like."
Oh, Marcos is a flirt. A damn good flirt, but for once, it feels nice to be seen for more than a history I had. Either with Tyler or Hayes.
"No relationships in the group." Hayes growls, a glare sharp enough it could puncture even a dragon's hide. My spine tingles as his scent hits my nostrils and I want to gnaw my heart out just to keep it from feeling anything for him. "Define relationships?" I say with a sarcastic lip twitch. "Because I'm not looking for a new mate, just maybe someone to pass the time until I inevitably die in battle."
It's a lie. I'm not looking for anyone or anything to help me pass the time. But the way Hayes' glare turns annoyed to homicidal is well worth the little lie. A little part of me feeds off seeing the emotions play across his face that he can't control. "Don't fuck around." He clarifies, trying to come off as intimidating, but all it does is thrill me all too much that he cares at all.
"What about just fucking? Is that okay?" I ask, sending a wink to Marcos, who clears his throat and scratches the back of his neck.
"Well damn, I wasn't expecting you to be that forward—"
"No. You can not fuck Marcos. Or Koda, or Dean, or Nisha." He says, his voice growing loud but not quite yelling yet.
"What about you then?" Marcos asks, a defiant look in his eyes as he stops and goes toe to toe with Hayes.
Hayes blinks slowly, his shoulders rolling back as he rises to his full height. He stands two inches taller than Marcos before he leans forward, his lips in a sneer.
"If she needs to fuck anyone, she can use her damn fingers and her imagination." He snaps out, but his eyes shift to me and I can see a look there that makes my eyebrows raise and my mouth go dry.
"Interesting." Marcos mutters, taking a step back, a mischievous grin on his lips. "So She is off limits, is that what you are saying?"
"Yes." he bites out before he seems to rear back. "I mean no. Just no sex among the crew."
"Other than Nisha, who can just freely crawl into anyone's tent she pleases?" Marcos challenges.
Bile burns at my throat, the jealousy twisting through my stomach painfully at the thought of Hayes with her.
"It's fine, Marcos." I say, clearing my throat of the acid and hurt. "No sex, fine."
I turn on my heels and walk off, realizing I set myself up for this pain in my chest. Where I aim to anger and annoy Hayes, I only end up causing myself more pain in the long run.
The pain of hating myself for thinking of someone other than Tyler and the pain of hating Hayes for not feeling the bond and the usual self hatred for not being strong enough to forgo any of it.
I catch up to Dean, who looks mildly surprised to see me at his side. Neither of us say anything. Why would we when we have nothing to discuss? But I must admit, the lack of hostility and flirtatious looks is a relief I didn't think I would find.
Marcos storms past us, muttering curses under his breath, and Dean looks at me curiously. I shrug and shake my head, telling him I have no idea what it's about either, and he turns to look back. I follow his gaze, glimpsing an angry-looking Hayes, hands stuffed in his pockets as he looks around.
I look back forward before he has the chance to catch me peeking at him. Dean then lets out a heavy sigh and gives me a sympathetic look before he increases his walking speed.
My eyes grow large in shock, trying
to keep up as he clearly tries to ditch
me. Panic rises when it dawns on
me that there must have been some silent eye communication between Hayes and Dean to make him take off and look like he wanted to
apologize like that. 
"Kyra." Hayes says, his voice deep and demanding, causing my body to react in a way that makes my eyes water.
I don't want this pull, this bond. It
feels like I am cheating on Tyler, on our family, that I was too weak to keep together. It takes me further from their memory with every little tug. Every scent, every look pults the line more taut, and it makes it so much harder to be rational. I can't be alone with Hayes. I don't want to be. 
"What?" I say, refusing to look at him. His eyes burn into the side of my head, daring me to look, but instead, I look in the opposite direction. "Look at me," He says, his words soft, almost pleading. I turn my head, giving him my best uninterested scowl.
"What do you need, Hayes?" I ask him.
"I need to make sure you understand my order." He says, his lips pressing together tightly, like he has to know I won't misbehave.
"Yes, Hayes. I won't fuck anyone in our crew." I roll my eyes. "So happy to know you think so highly of me."
"You were the one that was discussing it, Kyra. Not me." His voice is accusatory.
"Yep," I say, popping the 'p' just to illustrate my annoyance with him.
"Look," He sighs heavily, dragging his hand through his hair and groaning. "I am sorry for how things ended in our friendship." "Why do you do this?" I ask him, unable to hide the shock I feel so deeply.
"Do what?" he asks, confused.
"Act like a dick and then, for a tiny moment, the old you breaks through. The Hayes that cares and feels something other than anger."
"I guess it's just you," He sighs. "Being around you always made me feel like I could be myself."
"Oh? So you shattered that friendship for what reason?" I say, crossing my arms over my chest as I stop walking, forcing him to look at me.
"You left." He says flatly. I roll my eyes and laugh dryly.
"And how long did it take you to notice that I left?" I ask him. "Or did you forget that the very day after I told you how I felt, you ignored me, no matter how hard I tried to talk to you?"
"You are being dramatic." He scoffs. My eyes grow wide, my mouth falling open in disbelief.
"Oh really? Mister mopey, homicidal ex-beta is going to lecture me on being dramatic?"
"You shouldn't have just left." He says, ignoring my jab.
"Did you even notice?" I ask again, narrowing my eyes. He looks away, guilt coloring the unmarked side of his handsome face. My stomach falls when I realize maybe I don't want to know this answer. "I noticed." He whispers.
"When?" I ask. This time my voice is softer as I try to keep from breaking. That day, thought him telling me be would never love me, then ignoring me broke my heart. But knowing he didn't even realize I had left until days after I was gone is sout
crushing. 
"I went to your house on your birthday to apologize. I noticed you stopped trying to talk to me, so I went to check on you and-"
The air in the forest feels as if it's been sucked out like a vacuum seal in space. My birthday?! I left five weeks before my birthday.
"Noted." I clip out, unable to voice how much it hurts. Unwilling to admit to him and myself that it took him just over a month to notice I was completely gone. Not only was my love for him one sided, but apparently so was our friendship. "Hayes!" Nisha calls out, sprinting toward us. "We may have something, a camp for one person and what looks like a nest."
###Chapter 149
*Hayes*
I squat down next to the ash where a fire had been, placing my hand above it to feel for heat. With my good arm, I reach out, my fingers digging into the cold ash as I lift it and let it fall. I frown at the soot, my eyes scanning the rest of the area, what glimmer of excitement ! "Do you think it was him?" Dean asks, coming up behind me, watching my every move as if he will be clued into what might be going through my head.
had leaches from me. Could it be him? Was the bastard this fucking close, and we missed him?
How the fuck should I know if it was truly Ezrah? Other than the weird ass little nest next to a body sized patch of pressed leaves, I can't definitively say that it was or wasn't him or not. Now, do I believe it was him? Yes. But again, that pesky little thing called proof seems to elude me more often than not.
"Hard to say." I mutter, exhaling my disappointment, only to breathe in curiosity when I see Kyra tilting her head in total silence and surveying the area.
"Shouldn't she be the one sticking her hands in the dirt and shit? Trying to smell it or something?" Nisha asks. I shift my eyes toward her, watching her glare at Kyra, who does nothing but look like she is staring off into space.
"I don't need to stick my hand in dirt to know it's been four days since they were here." Kyra looks at us, her face unreadable as she saunters to the center of the small camp, her body coming within inches of mine before she turns and points at the grass.
"The leaves, though slightly pressed, are rising off the ground. New life is growing beneath them, meaning there has not been pressure on it in days. The ash isn't loose or easily disturbed, meaning it got wet. Not just a drizzling of a canteen on it, but a day or two worth of rain and then a day or two of solid dry weather." She pauses.
"There were storms ahead of our departure," Marcos says with a sly grin as he watches Kyra with ogling eyes I want to gouge out.
"What? Worried you can't track him with that much time between now and then?" Nisha goads.
Kyra remains calm, stepping up to the little nest before she kneels down and reaches in it, her hand touching everything and her fingers gently caressing the little bed. Then she lifts three different leaves to her nose, before she places two back.
After a second she turns to her left, searching the bedding for others, and repeats the process only to frown and sniff the one in her hand again. She sneezes and then her body shakes as she stands abruptly and takes three steps back. Kyra's eyes water, tears streaming down her cheeks as she groans and rubs her face with her hands, leaf still in her grip.
"I need water." She hisses, her arm extending out in search of help. "Now!"
My hand fumbles to find my canteen as I move to her side, trying like hell to get the cap off, but my fingers don't do what I tell them, my dumb nerves slowing me down as Marcos gently steps in with his water, open and ready to help her. "Lean your head back," he says, cupping the back of her head with one hand. His voice too soft, too nice.
He never speaks to any of us like that. Hell majority of the time he is just as grumpy and scowl-y as the rest of us. But I know it's attraction to her, his inability to not seize any opportunity to be close to her no matter what. It is wildly inappropriate. "Ezrah knows what he is doing," Kyra grits out, Marcos' hands cup her face next as his water jug falls to his waist on its string. His uniformed, unburned and unmangled thumbs brush her eyes gently, tenderly rubbing along her freckles and cheeks. I swallow the rise of annoyance and anger in my throat, looking away, placing my hands on my hips. It is impossible to watch him treat her so gingerly when I can't. Not that I want to, but still. His overbearing attachment to her grates on my nerves. "Can you open your eyes?" Marcos asks, and a tiny prickle of panic makes me look at her. Is she seriously injured?
"No, it burns," she whispers, her voice croaking as she tries to mask the pain. Marcos looks down at her, his face mere inches from Kyra's, as he tries to glimpse her face up close. He purses his lips, gently blowing on her eyelids. "What does blowing on her eyelids do?" I scoff, but he ignores me.
"I think he sprinkled the area with something to mask his scent." Kyra says, wincing as she pulls away from Marcos.
"Oh, how convenient." Nisha gripes and I finally look at the jealous werewolf, tired of her constant shitty attitude toward Kyra.
"Nisha, shut the fuck up." I demand.
Her eyes go wide in surprise as I stare her down. A flicker of disappointment fades into embarrassment as she clears her throat and looks away. She finds Koda, and like a dog with its tail between its legs, she hurries to his side, tucking into him. "I'm fine." Kyra says, the relief in her voice clear as she blinks, her eyes watering profusely. "It feels like I ran into a wall of pepper spray but, I don't think there is any real damage."
"What else do you need to do before we leave this site?" I ask her.
"Nothing." She shrugs.
My brows pull together in doubt and I can sense I am not the only one surprised by her statement.
"Forgive me for asking this but, don't you need to look around more?" Marcos asks, out of curiosity.
Kyra gives a halfhearted chuckle as she wipes at her tear covered cheeks, her eyes red and puffy and yet...yet I can't seem to bring myself to look away from her.
"He is covering his tracks well. Which means any other clues are gone. The fact that he has something and lays it over the areas he has been makes me inclined to think he assumes you have trackers." She explains.
"I mean, now we do." Koda says flatly. "But what good are you if he is able to thwart your so-called abilities?"
Nisha smiles up at him, rewarding Koda for his offensive words with a soft hum and a flirty gaze.
"A regular tracker would be useless." She says with a frown.
"Ah, but you aren't a regular tracker," Marcos says with a wink, and she gives him a tight-lipped smile.
"I hate to sound overconfident, but you are right. I am not your average tracker." She says, looking around. "Tyler was the best tracker, not because of his nose or his eyes. But his ability to feel the area."
"And you are...feeling...the area?" Dean asks, his lips tilted down, and a brow popped in question.
She chuckles and then shrugs.
"I am assessing, Dean." She explains. "It's not about what I see but what I DON'T see that I am taking in,"
"And what is it you don't see?" I ask, curious enough to speak up.
"I don't see anything left behind, and
he left a little gift for your tracker, which means we are far enough behind him that he is comfortable and not a rush. But that also means that he is beginning to feel some pressure as he is hiding his scent. So congratulations on selecting the correct path until now. Dumb luck is still luck, I suppose."
My lip twitches at the corners, the faintest of smiles emerging.
"How are you so sure it's Ezrah, though, and not someone else? And how do we know we are going in the right direction, moving forward?" Dean asks, curious.
Kyra holds up the leaf in her hand,
twisting its stem as it goes in quick circles between her fingers. A beautiful smile grows wider on her lips until she meets my eyes, a fire burning in them like I have never seen in her before. 
"This leaf was missed. What ever he placed around, he missed this tiny little thing," she says brightly. "I can smell the scent of the egg. Whatever is inside of that egg is something I have never smelled before, not quite dragon, not quite something else." 
"So she uses her nose too," Nisha mutters. I whip a glare at her and she turns away into Koda's chest.
"Ezrah doesn't realize that the egg already has a scent." Kyra says with a winning smile. "So we aren't tracking him anymore. We are tracking the egg."
My mouth goes dry as I realize all those cries to the heavens, all those angered ranting sessions begging for reprieve or some direction, have just been answered.
All in the shape of a beautiful, fiery-haired ex-best friend. And I'm not sure if I should thank the heavens or curse them because as much as I want to die, I don't think I want her to be around when it happens.
###Chapter 150
"So what now? Can you actually smell which way he went now?" Nisha asks, for once not in a rude tone but in one of confusion. "Now we wait for Kyra to tell us where to go." I say, meeting her surprised eyes. "You do know where we go from here, right?"
Her bottom lip slips in between her teeth, her slender fingers being wrung by her other hand as she slowly nods. Everyone is watching her and I realize our comments combined with our heavy, expectant gaze must make her feel uncomfortable. I take a step forward, not sure why I feel compelled to calm her, but I do, as I open my mouth to tell her it is okay to take time to process.
Marcos, however, steps up to her side, his arm slipping around her shoulder in a gentle, protective manner. I look away, my tongue gliding over my teeth as I try to keep the strange twisting in my gut away. Marcos isn't being sexual in any way, but fuck does it bother me when he touches her.
"How about we give her some time to think and look around some more?" He offers.
"Time?" Koda scoffs. "More time when we are so close?"
"I agree with Koda," Nisha chimes in. "If we are finally on his tail, we need to keep moving, catch up to him. We could end this within a week."
"The rest of you travel southeast. Kyra, I want to speak with you alone." I say, commanding her attention. My anger quells under her curious gaze and her head tilts slightly to the side like it always has. If I weren't trying too hard to keep a straight face, I would almost smile at the little reminder of her before the world went to shit between us.
"What?" she asks, crossing her arms over her chest, a quick gaze up at Marcos that makes my heart skip a beat before he gives her a tight smile and follows along with the others. Kyra looks almost more comfortable with his arms removed and it gives me such a sick form of satisfaction.
"You mentioned there is nothing left to be done here," I remind her and she nods. "So I must ask you now, in your opinion, tracker, which way do you suggest we head in?"
She blinks, walking directly toward me. Kyra's steps are slow and measured, her eyes focusing on me. It's not until she is nearly pressed against me that she stops, my stare rivaling hers as she reaches up, the heat of her fingers brushing over my cheek as she reaches up and retrieves an item from behind me.
I don't know how it happens, or why my body responds this way, but I lean toward her, my very soul just needing this closeness, craving it for these years as I lower my head. My cheek presses to hers.
The softness of her skin does not go unnoticed as something moves inside of me. Maybe it's the ice around my heart or the rock I have my soul buried under, but it moves, proving that maybe there is life still there.
She gasps, jumping back, her hand on her cheek and eyes focused not on mine, but on my cheek. The scar that had touched her perfect, unblemished skin freckled skin. For a minute, I think it was the shock of our closeness until she clutches her stomach and turns away quickly like she might vomit.
Embarrassment rolls through me, snowballing into a burning disappointment. My lycan whines in emotional pain as I clear my throat and stick my hands in my pocket, trying to not let her know she has hurt me. Why the fuck did I do that? Why did I feel compelled to just... touch her...be closer to her when I know we hate each other?
But I know that is a lie. I have never hated her. How could I? The Kyra I remember was bold and daring but she was kind and always put everyone else's needs before her own. I didn't just love her as a friend.
I wanted her.
In every way, a beta should want his mate. I wanted Kyra. I wanted her hand in mine, her lips on my lips, and I wanted her soul entwined in mine. It had nothing to do with the desire to wrap my hands in those fiery red locks of hair and tilt her head back as I leave a barrage of tender kisses up and down her most sensitive skin. I wanted her heart, her soul, her smile every day and to memorize the freckles on her cheeks.
But then I saw everyone with their mate. I watched all of them fall out of love with the people they thought they wanted because of a bond, and I knew it would break her. The mate bond is a gift to those who have never loved, and a stab to those who have.
"I am sorry," I rasp out, clearing my throat. "There was a rock I was standing on. I lost my footing."
"No, I should have told you I saw something in the leaves behind you." She says, her eyes still turned away from me as she kneads her stomach and covers her mouth.
I retract my damaged hand, looking regrettably at the way my flesh twists and shimmers around the tendons and clings to the untainted muscles. Can I really blame her for her reaction? My hand it the least disgusting part of my burns. The side of my face looks as if I have been chewed up and spat out back out for being ill tasting.
"What did you find?" I ask, turning my back to her, trying to calm my anxious, beating chest and force the hurt from her reaction down.
"The leaves match the ones used for the bedding." She whispers. "Which means he either stood over here or climbed the tree. I was hoping I would be able to see a section where a lot of leaves were missing."
Kyra clears her throat and steps up next to me, but I notice she stands on my good side. I can't lie and say that her action doesn't sting a little, but instead of frowning, I find myself smiling. What I need when I am around Kyra is a solid reminder of what I am doing here. And knowing how much I disgust her, well, it makes it easier. Kind of.
"Then you should have a look up in the tree." I say, taking a few steps back.
"No," she shakes her head.
"I thought..." I say, furrowing my brows, my partially burned forehead creasing.
"I can see the section from here," she points up. But I am already too far from her to notice. "He clipped off a whole branch. I guess he used the wood to burn. Though it would have been green would, so maybe he didn't..." 
She drones off, her words growing more quiet as she circles the tree and talks to herself. I watch as she glides over the rest of the area, moving back to the ashes and then placing her hands on her hips in confusion. It's adorable how her nose scrunches or she chews the inside of her cheek in thought before moving to another spot again. 
After a few minutes, she seems to finally stand still, her head moving side to side as she scans around some more with a frown. Then she lifts one of her hands and drags it through her hair, pulling it from its ponytail. Red locks flutter down her shoulders and over her back midway as she shakes it out and groans.
I clear my throat and she freezes, turning to look over her shoulder slowly. A smirk crosses my lips as her cheeks blush and she quickly lifts both hands, tying her hair up in a quick tight bun. "You forgot I was here, I assume?" I ask her and she nods.
"Sorry, I got caught up." She admits.
"And you said there was nothing else to look for here." I tease her as she frowns.
"There isn't," she admits. "But I want to commit this enough to memory to recall things that are a little strange and see if we find them again."
"So which way should we head, then?" I ask her and she looks away.
"I don't know, Hayes." she exhales, sounding defeated. "This is his previous camp. Of that I am certain, and it's around four days old. But I can't find any indication of what way he went."
"Then we travel south east for the time being and you are on alert for anything, and I mean anything you pick up." I tell her, turning and walking the way I sent the others.
She doesn't say anything, but after a minute her footsteps speed up and she lands next to me, matching my pace. I notice her attention keeps sliding up in my direction so I heave out an annoyed sigh.
"What?" I ask her and she snaps her gaze forward.
"Nothing." She says and I frown.
Kyra walks on my bad side, my slight limp tossing more to her side with each step, so I move around her, shifting her to my good side, and she looks at me curiously. "Why did you just switch sides?" She asks, confused.
"I did you a favor. Just like I will do when I tell everyone you agree with our choice of travel direction." I exhale, trying to avoid the topic.
"A favor? By switching sides with me?" She asks skeptically.
"Yes, so you don't get grossed out." I bite out and she goes rigid.
"Because of your face." She says matter of the fact and it fucking cuts right into my heart.
"Yes, now shut up and walk. We need to catch up." I grumble, picking up speed, suddenly feeling like I might suffocate in her presence.
"Thank you," she whispers from behind me. "For trying to make me more comfortable."
I snort a laugh. "It's a tall order when you are stuck with me. But if it gets us to Ezrah faster, then I can be a gentleman from time to time." Even if it just means making sure she doesn't have to look at my fucked up face.
###Chapter 151
*Kyra*
I catch myself constantly stealing glimpses of Hayes' injury. The way the scars seem to crawl up his neck and into his cheek like a thorny rose vine creeping up a trellis. It twists and dips, spots shiny while others are dull and deep. My fingers itch to touch it, to trace the
tendrils that caused him so much pain as they dance up the side of his head, burning off half his eyebrow.
It's mesmerizing, almost beautiful. A map of his sufferings. He finds it appalling, convinced I could only feel the same way. But I don't avoid his touch because of his injuries. I run from the sparks he seems immune to.
The explosion that rips through my body and tries to urge me to follow what the moon goddess has given me. It's not about moving on from what I lost, but accepting what I am being offered. But I'm not sure I can or that I want to.
"Ask me," Hayes sighs heavily, the annoyance clear in his exhale as he remains looking forward. My brows pull together, the left corner of my lip pulling down in a confused frown.
"What exactly am I asking you?"
"Did it hurt? Does it still hurt? How did it happen?" Hayes says, his voice flat and unaffected.
"Is that normally what people ask?" I watch him closely as he clears his throat and looks in the opposite direction. "Because I got the feeling people avoid you."
"Because of my burns?" He scoffs, and I snort.
"No, because you're an asshole now."
Dean and Marcos chuckle ahead of us, both of them shaking their heads.
"Yeah, well, if I look like an asshole people don't ask me annoying questions," He grumbles.
I arch a brow and smirk up at him, regardless of how much he tries to look away.
"I didn't ask you any questions. You demanded I ask you what you assumed I wanted to know." I remind him and he nods, a small smile forming before he pushes it away.
"You were staring at me," He says. "I assumed you were curious."
"I'm not here to be your best friend again, Hayes." I say, lengthening my strides to distance myself from him. After three steps, I spin, walking backward as I face him. "Every warrior knows what creates those burns, and I know the pain they bring the bearer of them." Then I spin on my toes and walk toward the front of the group. I catch up to Nisha, sliding up on her right side as she looks amused by my presence. Neither of us speaks. Why would we when there isn't much to say?
It is obvious she hates me and looks down on me for some reason. But if we are going to be stuck together for a while, then I may as well familiarize myself with her snide remarks.
"Are you lost, Tracker?" She muses, her deep brown eyes blinking slowly.
"No, Nisha." I tell her. "Just coming up for some air."
I mutter the sentence, not even realizing how much I mean them until I hear them in my own ears. Being around Hayes is entirely suffocating and when he isn't around, usually there is Marcos drowning me with his closeness and his overwhelming presence. Two entirely different men both successfully making me uncomfortable and want to hide from them.
Nisha shakes her head before she points up ahead, where Koda saunters, ducking under a branch.
"You could walk with Koda." She offers and I admit her immediate desire to send me off ruffles my skin and my lip twitches with annoyance.
"Did I do something to offend you?" I ask, tired of the shitty attitude.
"No," She arches a brow.
"So your dislike for me is purely a personal choice." I scoff and nod my head. "Fantastic."
I take a few steps before she exhales and groans. Her hand reaches out, clutching my elbow, tugging me back next to her.
"Look," she sighs, "I just...I am protective of these guys. They are my family, a weird, fucked up and very anger filled family. But that's all I have, so yes, I am hesitant to welcome someone else into the group."
"Well, lucky for you, I'm not looking for a family." I say my word, drifting off as my eyes scan the area around us, a scent prickling my senses as I slow down. The trees are still, not a breeze breaking through the dense foliage of the forest, yet my nose draws my attention to the right.
Nisha says something to me as I narrow my eyes, tilting my chin up and taking a deep inhale.
Heat permeates the air, the scent of overly warm metal or charcoal in the faintest way pulling me off the path the others trod down.
My lycan perks up, and I squeeze my eyelids together, allowing the world around me to fall silent. In the darkness I see a dull light, like a thread leading me as it pulses away, calling me to follow. I can feel the excitement rising in my gut, a smile coming to my lips as I throw my eyes open and sprint off in pursuit.
"Kyra! Where are you going?" Nisha hisses after me, but I am too far gone, already on the hunt.
As I cut around a tree, I notice a
mark on the bark of the tree. There is a small fresh cut, the under skin looking green and still moist. It's more like a dent, as if a rock were hammered into it. My fingers run over
er the indent, a shiver running through my body when I bring my hand to my nose and look closely. There is a slight shimmer, an oily hue, on my fingertips. As if it matches the flame fuel a dragon
uses to spit its fire. 
I can hear hushes arguing ways behind me, but I push forward. My nose may have picked up the scent, but my other skills have verified it. Ezrah and the egg are close. Now it is a matter of how close. What I need now is stealth and silence as I rely on my lycan's eyesight and my heightened hearing.
Tracking again feels like coming home after being gone for too long. My heart sings for the first time since losing everything, a part of me coming alive again as I slip through the trees. Every step brings me an exhilarating strike to my chest as I focus on controlling my breathing, keeping it low and silent.
I have no idea how long I track for, stopping every now and again to feel the trees, search for the scent and listen for the animals in the trees as I grow closer. My brow dots with sweat as I break into a small opening, ending at a large rocky wall. I stay in the cover of the canopy, lingering in the shadows as I glance up, looking for a way to climb or potentially see how they made their way up top. 
het
When I notice the harder rock surface to the left, away from the fallen shale on the front face of the cliff side, Linhale deeply and step into view sprinting toward it. As reach gut, touching the cold stones, I press myself to it, looking up and mapping out my path. I suck my lip into my mouth, gnawing on the lower corner, debating on whether or not I should trust the openings I see. 
But this is the first real chance we have had to catch Ezrah, or at least get close enough to remain on his trail. So I take three seconds to breathe through my nerves and shake my hands and fingers out.
"Ty, if you were here, you would love this." I mutter to myself before I purse my lips and exhale slowly. "This display of bravery is for you."
I throw my hand up into the first crevices, swinging my leg until I find a footing and I push myself up. Each move is slow and methodical as I work to keep myself from falling.
It is slow and painful as rocks cut at the palms of my hands, but I push on. I am almost halfway up the wall face when my fingers slip and I cling to a rock, the sharp edge slicing into the palm of my hand.
The blood makes my hold slick as I swing my body, desperate to find anything to reach for with either my fingers or my feet. One moment I am swinging and the next my toes tap into something and I force my weight to it with a pained grunt before I try to give my injured hand a shove off the rock.
The cut is too much, my fingers tingling as they lose feeling, and I linger between a delicate balance on my foot and my flailing arms. The reality hits with gravity as I teeter back and my footing disappears and the world twisting around me as I pick up speed. Fear climbs up my throat with a silent scream as my stomach moves into my chest. A part of me wants to let it happen, to just crash to the ground and let the rocks break open my skull and hide my pool of blood beneath them.
But then I remember why I am here, what it is I am doing and stopping. No one, not even the likes of Nisha, should have to experience the loss that I have, and until Ezrah is found, and the egg delivered, no mates are safe.
My lycan breaks out at the last moment, my nails cutting into the side as I come to a halting stop, my body swinging into the side of the rocks with a grunt making me recoil in pain.
I scramble again for a grip, pain slipping through my body like a heated knife to butter. My body slams into the ground, a raspy grunt forced from the remaining air in my lungs.
My lycan retreats, as I turn onto my hands and knees, heaving as my stomach boils over from the sheer panic and fleeting death. As I try to stand, a calloused hand wraps around the back of my neck, yanking me back enough to make my teeth clatter together. "What the hell do you think you are doing?!" a voice growls, sending a shiver through my spine as my mouth goes dry.
###Chapter 152
"Let go of me!" I grit out, throwing my elbow back, my funny bone tingling up my arm and into my fingers as I hit something solid. The hand on my neck releases me and I stumble forward into the wall, whipping around, ready to fight. I stop, blinking as I look at Hayes, who frowns at me and rubs his solar plexus. "Ouch," He says, looking unimpressed. "All of that so-called training and you went with an elbow jab?"
An amused laugh bubbles up my chest as I allow my body to go lax and lean onto the rock surface for support. The cool stones soothe my aching muscles from my falling and I sigh heavily.
"Forgive me, but I'm not in the mood for any verbal sparring at the moment." I huff out, my stomach pinching and churning violently as I lean forward, hands on my knees.
"What the hell were you thinking, running off like that?" He asks, but for once, his words aren't demanding or condescending.
"I was tracking." I say, turning my head to look up at him from my bent over position.
"Looked more like you were falling." He says with a grunt.
I don't have the energy to fight with him. Going from the high of tracking to near death and then to the scare of being attacked does something to the nerves I can't quite explain.
My heart is in my throat still, the bile burning the back of my throat as I try to bring my blood pressure back to normal. Hell, fighting that damn dragon felt way less taxing.
"Ezrah is close." I whisper, standing up again before hunching back over and hurling out the acid that had settled in my throat and around the bitter taste buds around my tongue.
My muscles contract painfully, tugging at my injuries and making me groan in near agony. I have now fallen off two cliffs since starting this mission. If this starts to become a habit, I may have to send myself home. If I had a home to go back to.
"What do you mean?" Hayes asks, his body going rigid as he steps in closer to me. I slide my forearm over my mouth, cleaning it as I swallow roughly.
"I caught the scent of the egg, and then when I looked closer I could see signs they went this way-"
"Are you sure?" he asks, his voice low as he reaches out and takes my chin between his thumb and forefinger, forcing me to meet his intense questioning eyes.
"Of course I am sure." I tell him, trying to struggle away from his touch, the sparks flooding through me and calming the painful storm of my wounds.
"Look at me, Kyra." He says seriously, moving his face closer. "Say it again."
"Ezrah is near. I bet my life on it." I say, making sure to say my words clearly so he doesn't question it again. "He is over that cliff and I was trying too-"
"That's what I thought you said." He mumbles, dropping his hand before he turns away, a flash of confliction on his face.
"Why do you not seem excited?" I ask, hating how much it disappoints me to not please him with my work. Isn't this what he wanted for so long?
"Why did you rush off on your own?" He asks, his words soft before he turns and glares at me. I stutter under his look. A small shrug the only thing I can think to do to answer him.
"I- uh-wasn't thinking about it. What it came down to is I picked up the scent, and I followed to verify. That's what I have always done in the past with Tyler." I try to explain, but a sinister smile takes over his lips as he clicks his tongue. "Sorry to disappoint you, but I am not your ex-mate. He is dead" His words have a bite to them that makes my brows furrow. His mood seems to shift faster than the wind in a raging storm, and his words feel like a punch to the gut. "I know that. There is no way I could ever confuse the two of you." I snap at him. "What I mean is, this is how I was trained. This is what I do, Hayes. I track, I follow and then I report and we proceed from there. In a sense, I am a spy." "Kyra, you left without so much as a look back. Nisha thought you went crazy and freaked out." He says, a glimmer of guilt in his eyes.
"Definitely crazy, but I wasn't freaking out." I say as a sound rustles over my head, distracting me.
A rock tumbles from above us and Hayes snaps his head up, his reflexes moving quicker than mine as he grabs me, tugging me into his chest before he spins us to the right, just under a small ledge.
My back presses into the rocks, his body glued to mine, his chin touching my hair. My stomach, once revolting, now calms and butterflies emerge, dancing amidst a field of a love they want so desperately to live freely in. "Hayes," I whisper, my lips barely moving. His chest vibrates softly, sending a shockwave through my body.
"Hush," he utters and I press my lips together, closing my eyes as I try to keep tears from forming.
It feels so nice, so peaceful, so...safe, in his embrace, and that is a feeling I haven't felt in a long damn time. My lycan is preening and my heart rate climbs with every second he stays in my space. "Please," I try to whisper, but my voice breaks.
I can feel him move, a slight cool breeze coming between where his chin was pressed into my hair, but I can't bring myself to look. I am wrapped in his scent, in the dream of what could be if only we weren't so broken. "Please what, Kyra?" he asks. "Are you hurting?"
His voice is still so soft, like he actually cares and doesn't want to be heard.
"Why are we hiding?" I ask him, trying to lean forward and look around the rock.
"Someone is above us," He whispers, placing his hand on the side of my head, his body pressing harder into mine. "They can not see us, but if you keep talking, they may hear us."
I can feel the heat of his breath on my ear, tickling the loose hairs that twirl about my neck and lobe.
Seconds bleed into minutes and the air seems to grow thicker with each breath.
"He is gone," I murmur, unable to withstand a second more of being this close to him. I shouldn't crave this or enjoy it. He isn't the Hayes I knew, and he isn't someone I can afford to love anymore.
Especially when he can't feel this
bond, the one that draws me in and
leaves me vulnerable in every damn way. The second he feels it, I will reject him and we can both be on our way. I just have to hope he doesn't recognize it during a crucial moment of this mission.
Ever so slowly, he takes a step back, his eyes meeting mine with a fierce look before he takes another step away, leaning to the side and looking up. I watch as he wipes his hands on his jeans and clears his throat. "We should get back to the others." He says.
I scrunch my nose and tilt my head, knowing the words he said but not understanding his suggestion.
"Why would we go the wrong way?" I ask him, "Ezrah is that way."
I point up the cliff side as if he doesn't know, but clearly the knowledge must have escaped him to suggest we go the opposite way. He nods and rolls his eyes.
"Yeah, I am aware, but we came with a group and we need to have them traveling in the right direction."
"Or you go back and get them and I will continue on."
"Over my dead fucking body," He growls, getting in my face. My eyes grow wide as I take one step away from him.
"This is why I am here," I remind him, and he shakes his head in disbelief.
"You still need to do things my way." He says, reaching down and grabbing me by the wrist. "If you are fast, we won't lose Ezrah's trail. I suggest we get moving." "Unless it rains." I huff but follow along, breaking into a run when he does. He holds onto my arm for too long, and once we hit the tree line, I shake myself loose.
"It would have to rain really damn hard to wash away a trail so fresh. As an expert tracker, you should know that." He says, kicking his speed up.
He is right. It would take a rain pretty hard for hours to muddle my ability to follow Ezrah or even locate him now. Hayes weaves through the path I took, ducking under branches and looking back to ensure I am still behind him.
By the time we make it back, Dean,
Nisha, and Koda are waiting anxiously. The moment they see Hayes, they seem to relax, breathing easier as their shoulders drop. Dean drags a hand over his face before I feel a heated gazer. When I look to the left, Nisha's angry eyes meet mine as she tuts and clicks her tongue, looking away. 
The moment she opens her mouth for a smartass comment, a loud, earth shattering sound breaks free that makes me jump in alarm. "What the hell." Koda says, looking at her shocked and she glares at him.
"It wasn't-"
There is a brief flash before lightning cracks through the air, the buzz of electricity bringing to life the clouds that rumble and, after a moment, release their wrath. I groan, throwing my head back, cold hard drops of water hammering into my heated skin. Then I roll my head over and scowl at Hayes, my eyes harrowing in sheer annoyance. 
"Fuck," He mutters.
"I really hate you right now," I grumble.
###Chapter 153
My shoes squelch from the water that fills them. The cold of the mud mixed with the soggy fabric makes me shiver. No amount of running hot could warm me from this icy chill as it settles into my bones. I knew the second Hayes made us go back to the others that we "Shit, it's an endless fucking stream of rain," Dean growls with a shudder, his arms clutched to his chest.
were screwed. Everything on this mission has a way of going sideways.
"We should try to wait it out," Nisha yells, her voice barely audible over the droning sounding of hard, heavy droplets pelting us from the sky.
Hayes drags his hands through his hair, droplets running down his cheeks before he meets my eyes, and a frown grows on his lips. He knows there is no way I will willingly stop. We have already lost so much valuable time and likely important clues. Maybe this explains their lack of finding Ezrah all along. Do they even want to find the guy?
"Waiting it out is the difference between a quick mission or two years of wandering aimlessly." I yell over the noise. Marcos' eyes widen in shock, but Hayes doesn't seem phased by my comment. "I have no intention of resting or losing what little trail we have left." I pick up my speed, moving faster as Nisha falls behind with Koda at her side.
"Kyra," I hear my name being called, but I can't in good conscience slow down. If they can not keep up, then they will have to find me on their own later.
"Kyra!" I hear Hayes roar loudly, and yet all it does is cement my stubbornness as I keep moving. His hand clutches at my elbow as he whirls me around. Hayes' lips purse together, droplets raining over them as he huffs out an exasperated breath, spraying the water away as he pinches the bridge of his nose with his free hand.
"It's gone already," he finally says. "I fucked up by heading back. I can admit that. But slogging around in a fucking rain storm isn't going to get you anything but wet and more lost."
I yank my arm free, my pride and anger swelling in my chest. He knows nothing about my abilities. All he has done is severely undervalue what I can do, admittedly things have been off to a rough start, but that isn't entirely my fault. I trusted too easily when I should have known better that the worst kind of enemy is the one who knew you.
"Right now, I am trying to cling to whatever closeness we have to him." I throw my hands up, "Of course all the clues and trail are gone. Ezrah is traveling with an egg. One, he must keep warm at all costs, Hayes. That means he is not moving, he is hunkered down, keeping warm and staying somewhere dry."
He scoffs, shaking his head.
"I'm calling it. We have passed the furthest point you were at earlier. It is time to find shelter and wait this out." He demands.
"You are not my alpha, and as luck would have it, you are not my beta either. So you may find the others shelter, and sing cute songs around a fire and cuddle. I am doing my job." I snap, turning to run away from him. His hand wraps around my elbow again and he yanks hard, pulling me around and into his hard chest.
I can only help my eyes carry the anger I feel about him manhandling and demanding I follow his stupid orders. Orders that will mean I am stuck here with him for longer and I need to be rid of him and this fucking bond I used to beg for.
"My priority is everyone's safety." He says, glaring down at me.
"Well, I relieve you of that priority." I say, looking up at him as he growls in his chest.
I can feel the way it vibrates in his vast chest that is pressed against me. My body shivers, the warmth of his body reminding me just how cold the rain actually is. Damn my traitorous involuntary movements that only help convince him he is in the right. "Enough of this back-and-forth shit, Kyra. I am not here to bicker with you. Merikh asked you to do this but with my permission you were allowed to join us. I take others' safety fucking seriously. I will not fail another person the way I failed her ever again."
The bitter resentment and hurtful words sit at the tip of my tongue, which I bite down so hard the twang of blood colors my mouth. What I want is to make him mad enough he lets me go, but something tells me he won't be dropping this issue anytime soon. What a drastic change from the time he left me for the fucking dragons, drugged and alone.
"The second the rain lets up, even a little, I am gone to track. Is that understood?" I sneer at him, and he arches a brow down at me.
"Weird. It sounds like you were asking permission all while you were telling me what you were doing."
I roll my eyes, stepping away from him.
"Yes, well, I listen to orders to the best of my ability. Doesn't mean I have good hearing, though."
We walk back in silence, not really sure which way we are headed in, until I catch a whiff of smoke and a little glimmer of light. To my left, sheltered in a corner over a massive overhang, sits a small rundown cabin.
I scrunch my nose at it as we move closer. Tyler had a love for the human world's horror movies. They weren't really something I liked at all, but of the few I watched, I am fairly certain this is a scene from one.
Hayes lets out a bird call and I smirk, amused. The guy couldn't so much as whistle when we were growing up. Now he is tweeting like a bird. A similar sound comes back, and I watch his shoulders roll back as he motions for me to move forward.
"A bird's call?" I scoff as we step onto the leaking porch. "In a rainstorm? Really inconspicuous,"
"Unless someone is closer than they
should be, they couldn't hear it over the rain, and considering Ezrah is a Fae and not a lycan or werewolf, his hearing is as shitty as a basic human." he gives me a tight smile, like we are battling and he won. I respond with a solid eye roll, and he shakes his head as he pushes the door open. 
Heat wraps around me and there is no hiding the shiver that runs through me at the relief of the warmth. Marcos moves over, looking Hayes over, who whispers and points in my direction. Marcos then grabs a warm blanket that had been hanging near the fire and hands it to me. 
"Everyone has taken their clothes off to let it dry. You should do the same, but you can wrap up in this." He says kindly.
I nod, taking it from him, my white fingers struggling to bend as I clutch it. Then he frowns and Marcos reaches out and takes it back.
"How about I hold it up while you change?" he asks. I sigh in defeat and nod yes as I turn to a corner and he follows, holding the blanket up as I try to quickly rid myself of my wet clothes.
"Thank you," I tell him as I reach up and take the blanket. His head turned to the side before he meets my eyes, a heated desire there, and he swallows roughly and then turns away, heading toward the fire.
I wrap the blanket around my body
tight as if I were hopping out of a shower and then I take my messy hair out of its ponytail and tie
it up in a bun. When I look up, I notice Hayes' eyes on me, watching my every move as I blush and move toward the fire, the heat making me sigh in relief. 
"You are a real hardass." Nisha snorts after a minute. "We are used to traveling in shitty conditions, but damn, I couldn't even see my own hand."
I arch a curious brow and smirk.
"That sounds like a compliment." I tell her, and she looks away, licking her teeth before he chuckles.
"It might have been." She shrugs.
"So we camp out here tonight, and head out in the morning?" Marcos asks, coming to sit next to me.
"No, once the rain lets up a little, I will be back out there again." I say, looking around. "No offense, but I can't do this for two years. I refuse. So I will do everything in my power to end this as soon as possible." Hayes laughs low, his eyes finally leaving me as he looks out the window.
"Got somewhere to be?" He asks, looking at me again. "So eager to go home to an empty house and bleak, lonely future?"
His words hit me harder than I hope he intends. Because he is right. What is there left for me? No Tyler, no baby, and no doubt a rejection from my second chance mate. There isn't much.
But I refuse to believe my life is over because I lost my mate. If the moon goddess had intended for it to be over, she would have taken me as well. So for now I will cling to the hope there is something better for me.
"An empty house doesn't have to mean loneliness. It can mean peace and space to grow." I murmur, then I turn to Marcos as I lay down, my head close to him. "Wake me when the rain lets up. I am actually trusting you again. Please don't fuck me over this time?"
###Chapter 154
*Hayes*
"You should get some rest too, Hayes." Marcos says.
I know he is looking out for me; he is the healer and someone I would almost consider a friend if I had intentions for friendly attachments. But every time I look at him, I find myself envious where I never was.
Kyra has turned me into someone who cares when she looks at me. How can I both crave and hate her gaze? How can she make me jealous of another man who has nothing? I know the reason. It's because he at least has a fucking face. But the fact that it bothers me so much...that is what's so infuriating.
"Hayes?" Dean says, touching my shoulder, dragging me from my thoughts as I glare up at him.
"What?"
"Marcos is right. You are better use to us all if you are rested. You seem more lost in your head than you usually are."
I sigh, and turn back toward the fire, pinching the bridge of my nose before squeezing my eyes closed.
"Being lost in my mind is preferable to being lost in my nightmares, Dean. You know how that goes." I mutter.
"I can help you sleep, Hayes," Marcos offers, and I look down at Kyra, who pretends to be asleep, his hand gently rubbing up and down her back. The simple, sweet gesture makes me want to rip his fingers off.
"I don't want your drugs, Marcos." I snap at him before I stand and walk over to the door.
"Where are you going?" Kyra's voice squeaks, no doubt, as she spins to look at my back. And for whatever reason, her caring brings a smirk to my face.
"To sleep where a dog like me belongs." I tell her, not bothering to look back before I exit through the rickety door.
Koda looks up from his spot, tilting his head to the right.
"Too stuffy in there, huh?" He asks, but I ignore him looking for a dry enough spot to lie down.
The second I find something remotely dry, I lower myself and stare up at the barely standing roof. It shakes as rain patters down. I wonder just how damn long the clouds sustain this type of downpour?
The moment it lets up, she is going to leave. And knowing how she is these days, she will likely try to sneak off and proclaim it is what she was taught to do. I snort as I turn onto my side, my arm under my head to keep it from the slightly damp, rotting wood. "Hayes," Koda says, more of a question if I am awake or asleep, which I should be.
"What?" I mumble with a heavy exhale..
"Can I ask you something?" His words are hushed as I hear him coming over.
When he enters my view, I see him peek in through a crack in the siding, then plop down in front of me. I arch a brow in interest. Koda has no problem speaking his mind when he wants to, but this desperation in his voice is different. He never asks before he speaks, he just simply talks.
"What is it?" I ask him and he clears his throat.
"It's about Nisha..." He murmurs, looking away for a minute.
"You want to choose her as a mate?" I say the words he is struggling to get out. Instead of growing angry like I thought I would in a situation like this, I find myself more open to the idea of others finding their happiness.
"I know that we wouldn't qualify to be here, in this group anymore, but I was hoping you would let us stay?" he swallows and I narrow my eyes, pushing myself up.
"Are you telling me you two have already discussed this and marked each other?" I ask him.
His eyes grow wide and he shakes his head, then he drags his hand over his face.
"No. It is just that...I know she, well, I..." He exhales. "I refuse to sleep with her unless I know she is mine. Only mine."
I plop back down on the wood, annoyed. Why the fuck is he asking permission if he knows the rules and what is at stake here?
"Koda, if you two want to mate, that is fine, but the rules remain the same. No mates are allowed in the group."
It's not like it was just a rule I made
up, either. It was one Merikh also suggested. There is no nefarious
reasoning behind it, no excret
based on the life they want to
choose. But If someone has a mate, chosen or fated, they should be with them, fully and truly focused on them. 
One of my greatest regrets was fighting the bond with Leandra and then never truly having that bond
strengthened between us. If Kodaet
wants a life with Nisha, and she agrees with his feelings, then they should remove themselves from the dangers of this mission and go and actually have a life together. 
"I see." He says, sounding disappointed. I frown, feeling the need to explain it to him.
"Koda, you understand my reasoning, right?" I ask him and he exhales.
"I do, so perhaps I will keep her at arm's length until the end of the mission." Koda says, resolute.
"Or you tell her and you both decide what to do from there."
He remains quiet for a moment before he clears his throat.
"Is that what you plan to do with Kyra?" he asks, and I bark out a laugh.
"There is nothing between Kyra and I," I tell him frankly and he frowns. "I mean it, Koda. Kyra was a friend once, a long time ago. But now she is nothing to me but a nuisance."
He pulls himself up using the railing, the rain splashing on him as he looks out into the distance. Then he sniffs the air, his muscles going rigid. I jump up, trying to scent or see what he might be seeing, and then he elbows me. "Smells like bullshit, doesn't it?" He grins. I opt to glare at him as he shakes his head. "Can I ask what she was like? I mean, was she always like this?"
I press my lips together tightly and then drop my head, shaking it.
"This woman looks like the Kyra l
knew, but she is not the same. The
Kyra I knew was soft-spoken, sweet, and easy to love. My biggest fear with her was seeing her heart
"I chuckle, remembe
all
the ways Kyra used to blush or giggle softly when my hand would
brush hers or I would give her a
treat. 
"Is that why you dislike her so much now?" He asks and I furrow my brows, looking at him, confused.
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, you never wanted to see her broken, and now that's all she is. A broken misfit like the rest of us. Like you."
"I don't dislike her." I retort. "She just...gets on my nerves and thinks she is high and mighty. Not to mention she has to fight every fucking thing I say."
He nods his head slowly as if he is processing what I am saying.
"So it bothers you that she is here?" He asks me.
"Of course it does. I don't want her here, fuck I cut her out of my life once already and now after this is all over I will have to do it again." I mutter, my fingers tightening on the water logged railing.
"Do you plan on cutting all of us out then after this?" He asks, arching a brow.
"No," I give him an honest answer, then I pause. "Well, maybe Marcus and his stupid ass angelic face."
He snorts and shakes his head. "He gets kicked out because he is pretty or because you are jealous of his friendship with your ex-best friend?"
"Koda, you are asking too many questions." I groan, pushing away from the railing and turning to move back to my spot. As I twist around, I see Kyra standing in the doorway, leaning on the doorjamb with an emotionless face.
"Kyra," I say on a breath, and she focuses past me.
"I think the rain is letting up. My clothes are dry, so I am going to get ready. You made me a promise, so you better get dressed too if you want to get rid of me soon. Or I could just ask Marcos and his angelic face to tag along with me instead." She shrugs. Well, fuck. I guess she heard everything, and that just means she is going to be grumpier from now on.
###Chapter 155
I slip on my still damp clothing, sliding an annoyed side eye over at Kyra. There is no way her clothing is even close to dry yet if mine is still this wet. I don't say anything. I already have to be wary of what I say now that she overheard me and Koda talking. Not that I didn't say anything I wouldn't say to her face. Well, maybe I wouldn't say all of it to her face, but the point remains the same. I didn't speak any mistruths.
"Remind me again why we are leaving now?" Nisha mumbles, unhappy about not staying out of the rain longer.
"Because we need to catch up to Ezrah.," Kyra says with a heavy sigh. "Do you guys even want to find this guy, or is this really just some cover to avoid helping with the war?"
"The fuck did you just say?" I Koda growls, his head snapping up as he glares at her. "You think this has been a damn picnic for us, sweetheart?"
Kyra doesn't even flinch as she reaches out and grabs her bag, slinging it over her shoulder.
"No, I questioned exactly what you all have been doing out here for two years. I never said it was easy, just that it seems like you guys are trying to avoid-" she says, gripping the strap tightly, the only show of her nerves.
"He heard what you said, Kyra." I break in, giving her a stare that pleads with her to shut up. The last thing we need is a group of pissed off lycans and werewolves at our backs. I know for a fact they will protect me, but I need to know they will protect her, too. She isn't making it all that easy.
"She makes a point," Marcos says, and Koda scoffs, shaking his head.
"Of course you would try to agree with her, you want in her pants," he grumbles.
"Marcos is right, Koda." I say, reaching for my bag. Koda scoffs and chuckles dryly. "Or do you think I want to get into his pants?"
He frowns at me and shakes his head as if this whole conversation is unbelievable.
"No, I don't get the vibe you want in Marcus' pants." He says finally.
"We should be jumping at every opportunity to get Ezrah. We have become complacent in our failure. Clearly, we have forgotten what it is like to have a lead." I remind everyone, looking at Nisha, Dean and Koda especially.
"It's just rain," Dean says, trying to break the residual tension.
"Yeah, nothing like a wet dog," Nisha grumbles to herself as she slides a glance at Kyra and Marcos.
"Enough." I say, my voice low but firm. "This bickering and bullshit is done here and now. Do you understand me?"
Nisha nods like a child who has been scolded, and Koda mutters in agreement. Dean throws his hands up like he has had nothing to do with all of this while Marcos looks around, also trying to appear innocent. When my eyes land on Kyra, she is chewing the inside of her cheek, her face flushed and her grip tighter on her strap.
"Sorry," she whispers.
"Good. Now-"
"Woah woah..." Kyra says, cutting me off with raised eyebrows. "What about you?"
My nose scrunches in confusion as I look around at everyone, annoyed to see almost all of them nodding in agreement with her.
""What about me?" I scoff.
"Well, you kind of are part of the problem with all the bickering and stuff...no offense." Dean explains. I snort a laugh.
"I am the leader. I don't bicker."
"You bicker with Kyra all the time." Nisha points out, crossing her arms over her chest. "How are we supposed to trust her when you don't?"
I exhale, my annoyance morphing into an angry monster as I slide my tongue over my teeth.
"I will say this only once and then it will be dropped. Is that understood?" I grit out as they nod. "I trust Kyra with my life and yours. If you doubt her, then you are doubting me. Do you doubt me?" "No, of course we don't." Dean says, speaking for everyone.
"Then this conversation is over and the shitty attitudes are gone." I grunt, walking to the door and yanking it open.
The hinges snap and the door falls to the side as I realize I might be a little more frustrated than I thought. I clear my throat and let it fall to the side; the others following along behind me in silence.
No one speaks as Kyra guides us along with the point of her hand. I try to avoid her, lingering in the back to make sure I don't bicker or make a scene. After all, Nisha makes a point. My constant arguing with her does no one any good. So avoiding her seems to be the best thing I can do. Even if I feel like I should be up there with her.
"Did you mean it?" Dean asks abruptly, his words quiet as he frowns at me. My brows pull together and my mouth pulls to one side as I try to understand what the heck he is talking about.
"Could you maybe be a little more specific?" I ask him, and he lowers his voice.
"When we started this mission, you told me your goal was to find Ezrah and die in battle. Did you mean it?"
I scrub my hand down my face, clearing it of rain for a mere second before it runs down my face again.
"Of course I meant it." I say, giving him a curious look. "Why do you ask?"
"Is that still your plan now?" He asks, and it feels like he has something more to say, like there is something hidden between the words, a reason for his curiosity that makes my alarm bells go off.
"I plan to catch Ezrah and ensure the
egg is returned." I say, feeling more
guard around Dean than I have before. He seems to weigh my answer, his mouth opening and closing before it presses together in a tight line of indecisions. "Dean, Why do you ask?" 
"Do you still want to die, Hayes? At the end of all of this, is your goal to die in this battle and leave us with the remains to deliver to our Alpha?" He asks, coming to a halt.
I stop walking as I turn to look at him, my hands on my hips as I shake my head and look at the mud where my feet sink into an inch of water, the drops sending tiny waves through the small puddle.
for a moment, it's like I can see clearly, a solid moment where my grief and anger don't cloud my judgment and I understand now why no one has felt a sense of urgency to find Ezrah the way I have. "Merikh set you up to this, didn't he?" I ask, my chest burning with an unfamiliar feeling of regret as my self hatred grows. Dean clears his throat and looks away as I lift my gaze and scowl at him. "Alpha Merikh...expressed concerns," he says after a moment and I dryly chuckle, pacing away from him as I lick my lips and smile at no one but myself.
"So this whole time, all along, you have been what...? Ensuring I don't find Ezrah because you are worried I will kill myself?" I scoff.
"No!" Dean says firmly, his face full of truth as I realize the others have come back for us.
"Then what? Merikh asked you to watch me for him? Hmm? Make sure I don't allow myself to die?" I scoff.
Dean glances behind me and I spin to see that no one will make eye contact with me. Nisha rubs the back of her neck and Koda clears his throat.
"I see," I say, defeated and betrayed. Two years with this group, two years and now their occasional laziness makes sense. The need to find Ezrah has always been there, but the urgency has only recently come. "We have never done anything to keep us from finding him, but it worked in our favor when you didn't want a tracker...In a way, we thought it was you subconsciously not wanting to die," Nisha says in a small voice.
"Noted," I clip out. "What happens after we accomplish our mission concerns none of you. We will Find Ezrah and do what we must in order to end the war for our kinds sake. That is the mission. That is all any of you need from me." There is a silent stare off between everyone and me before Kyra clears her throat and points northeast.
"I think we should head that way." She says and after a long moment, everyone seems to agree as they turn and walk in that way.
I stay behind, collecting myself and
my thoughts It shouldn't come as a
shock for me that Merikh informed them of my wish to die, and it shouldn't be a shock to them either. When selected my group, I took the
ones I thought had a set
toomine, ones that would
I have nothing left to live for.
Even in my moments of clarity where I realize the errors of my misplaced emotions towards my only family, I still don't want to be here anymore. My intentions have not changed because my brother's Alpha order remains fully intact.
I can not allow myself to die unless it happens naturally. Since he refuses to put me on the front lines, this was the closest I could get, and even here he has his pawns ensuring I fail at my one true mission.
My death.
"Hayes," Kyra says softly next to me, making me jolt in surprise.
"Are you going to question my motives, too?" I ask her and she tilts her head, a sadness in her eyes.
"No, just letting you know we should try to catch up with them. That's all." She gives me a gentle, encouraging smile, and yet behind it I can see pain.
I am not the only one living with the agony of survivors' guilt. Is that the reason she accepted this mission? Has she been lying and have the same idea as I did? Die in a battle to save ourselves the punishment from the heavens for destroying our gift of life? "You're not going to lecture me on wanting to die?" I scoff at her as I follow the path of the others. She laughs, light and yet eerily hollow.
"Nah, I promised I wouldn't bicker with you anymore. Which basically means I have to avoid you." She says, her tone changing to a more cheerful one. "I really enjoy bickering with you. It's like I am getting you back for all the times you strong armed me into doing things I hated." 
"Like what?" I ask her, shocked she ever felt that way.
"Like when you used to make me eat lemon bars with you?" She scrunches her nose, her freckles dancing on her delicate skin as I swallow a lump in my throat and look away.
"You like lemon bars." I remind her, and she clicks her tongue against her teeth.
"No, Hayes, YOU like lemon bars. I just liked you."
I can't help but break into a smile, holding onto a secret that I don't think I can ever tell her. Lemon bars are my least favorite food on the planet. All that time I was convinced it was her favorite, so I always had it made for her by the pack cook.
And now, at the strangest time in the world, I find myself craving that tangy sweet flavor on its buttery cookie, just so I can have a moment with her like we used to. Just one more time before our inevitable parting.
###Chapter 156
*Kyra*
I wonder what it feels like to lose two mates. What happens to me after losing Hayes? Do I just not get to have happiness again or will I slowly waste away and die?
Second chance mates are commonplace, but second chance mates aren't rejected. Rejectable? Yes, and sure it has happened before, but it's so rare that no one really knows much about the aftereffects.
If that is the case, then this mission, whether or not I die, is my last just as much as it is Hayes. Or would he choose me, even knowing that a rejection places me in an unknown place?
My stomach falls and I press my hand to it, feeling the pang of disappointment deep. Would I even want him to choose me just to protect me? Old me would have had him anyway I could have.
But I know what it feels like to be truly loved now. The woman I am now knows how I should be treated, how a man should adore me the way I adore him. The last thing I want is a bond with a man who not only doesn't want me, but doesn't want to be alive. I scoff, shaking my head at the nonsense running through my mind. This bond is weaving into my thoughts, trying to control my emotions and me.
"What is so funny?" Hayes asks, causing me to look at him, startled, as I blink at him.
"Oh, I was just thinking in my head, that's all." I tell him.
"Can I ask you something?" He asks, clearing his throat.
"Depends on what it is, I guess," I shrug.
"Did you have a good life? I mean, after you left me - uh, I mean our pack. Were you happy?"
His question surprises me, but the tenderness in his voice catches me off guard. It sounds like he not only wants to know but that he cares to know I lived a good life without him in it.
"It was rough the first couple of years." I admit. "No one is all that keen on letting a lycan with no family into their pack."
He frowns as he exhales. "I was worried about that, but it seems like Tyler was very accepting."
"Tyler was..." I pause, smiling as I remember the first time I met him, the way his eyes lit up and he looked ready to scream to the world I was his mate. Regardless of his alpha being wary of the lonely lycan in the woods. "He was different from everyone else." "You loved him then?" He asks, and I chuckle.
"How could I not?" I say, a giddy grin still on my lips. "Tyler was...he was loveable."
"Can I ask how he died?"
The smile falters on my face and I glance away, my hands growing clammy and my heart pulsing.
"I'd rather talk about how he lived than how he died, Hayes." I whisper, clearing my throat from the lump that tries to form.
"Right. Sorry." He says.
Awkward silence fills the air between us. It feels like we don't know how to talk anymore. There is too much between us to be anything other than hotheaded or complete strangers. Yet, the comfort I feel when I am near him is unmatched by anyone else.
I don't know how to navigate a life without Tyler or the hole in my heart. But being around Hayes again, it feels less daunting, facing it all. And I hate knowing that soon, I will lose this too.
"Looks like the rain is finally stopping," I mutter, looking up at the small clearing above my head, hoping to clear away the remnants of our failed conversation moments ago. When I look forward again, I come to an abrupt stop, looking at the others who are standing at a raging river of water.
"Well, I suggest finding a different way over," Marcos says. "There is no way we are making it across that, not even in lycan or werewolf form."
"I agree," Hayes groans in annoyance before letting out a muttered string of expletives.
But I refuse to give up, not when I can feel it in my bones that this is the way we need to go. My lycan is on edge, snorting and snarling in my head as I move toward the edge, scanning the river and the bank across from us.
Movement catches my eye and I see
an elf with his hands looped into the straps of a bag as he stands, relaxed, smirking at us. I want to launch myself across, to grab him and end this now, but no one efse seems to see him. My eyes meet his as he gives me a courteous nod and takes a step back into the shadows. 
"Yeah, you better run, Ezrah." I murmur and everyone around me goes silent.
"Are you going crazy and talking to yourself?" Nisha asks.
"Ezrah is over there. I just saw him." I say, rolling my eyes and I lull my head to the side, looking at her unimpressed..
"Are you sure?" Dean asks, and I scoff.
"Yes, I am sure." I grit out at him. "He knows we can't cross, and he must know there is no way to get over there until he is already gone."
"Ezrah!" Hayes roars in a taunting manner.
"Hayes." His voice is soft, masculine and airy. "You have finally caught up. Took you long enough. I thought you would want revenge quicker than that."
"It wasn't you who killed my mate." Hayes scoffs. "You were busy tricking Colette and Merikh."
"No, you are right. But I have the only thing you can use to get into the dragon kingdom and get your revenge."
Hayes' body goes rigid, his neck muscles rippling and his jaw clenched. My stomach twists with questions as I look at Hayes and the fury on his face. Revenge is always a pipe dream. Something that we cling to in our grief to keep ourselves going.
Not that I am above it or that I am not also hunting for it in a way. But my revenge is ending this war. Hayes' revenge is killing the bastard who killed his mate and then getting himself killed in the process.
"We just want you dead." Nisha says, popping her hip out to the side, her hand propped up on it.
"Fair enough. But you have to catch me first." He shimmers before his body seems to just disappear, and I bite my lip in annoyance. Hayes remains still, everyone watching him, waiting for our next move before he lurches forward toward the river.
"No, Hayes!" I scream, reaching out and grabbing hold of his arm. When he spins to look at me, his nostrils are flaring in anger and his eyes are full of murderous rage. "We need to be smart now, Hayes. He wants you unhinged. This is a game to him now."
"Then what do you suggest?" Koda asks, his anger barely restrained.
"We need to split up. One group goes that way, the other this way." I point to my right. "We need to find a way across, and quickly."
"I said no splitting up." Hayes barks out and I step in front of him, trying to talk sense into the fury riddled lycan beta.
"I can track our group easily." I tell him, "Finding them will not be a problem, letting Ezrah get a lead on us because-"
The ground creaks beneath my feet; the earth dropping a centimeter, making my heart lurch into my throat. Hayes falls silent, looking at me and then the others. Waves rage louder and I take a step away from the edge.
"I don't like how the ground feels," Marcos says, stepping further back.
Then Ezrah steps out again, and there is no calming Hayes. He bounds toward the edge, my hand still in the crook of his elbow as he drags me forward and suddenly the earth falls out beneath us. The dirt seems to disintegrate into the harsh current, grass twisting and folding like cream into a mound of mashed potatoes. 
"Hayes!" I squeal, panic flooding me as I twist away from him, my foot catching in the water pull me all the way in with him.
Someone clutches the back of my shirt. The water feels like it is pulling me apart. Sticks and various debris strike my legs and side as I grunt with effort to drag Hayes to the side. Hayes groans in effort as he reaches out and grabs hold of Dean and Koda's arms and they pull him up.
My shirt rips and I'm torn away from
Marcos as he screams my name and I go under the water. Hayes sprints down the muddy water's edge as fight to stay with my head above the water. Then I see a look of I determination flash over his face as he shouts something and jumps into the water just ahead of me. 
His arms wrap around me and I gasp, clinging to him as we careen down at an astronomical speed.
"Hayes, what do we do?" I ask him, sputter out the dirt and water in my mouth.
"I will get us out of this, Ky. I just need you to stay above the water line long enough for me to think." He growls as he lifts me up higher, forcing my legs around his waist. "Hang on tight."
###Chapter 157
My face buries into his neck, my arms clutching to him like velcro on a toddler's shoe. It feels hopeless as he groans, our bodies crushing impossibly closer as I realize he has slammed into something hard. The last time I was this useless was when Tyler died. My muscles clench and my heart aches unbearably as I force my head up. "What is the plan?" I ask him, steadying my shaky voice with fake confidence. I am not helpless, I am not useless, and I do not need to be saved. Not anymore, not after the last time someone died for me. I have spent far too long training to clam up now. "I am thinking." Hayes growls out over the sound of rocks crashing onto rocks and water surging.
"I'll think while you work." I say, twisting around in his arms, searching the river banks only to realize that what I thought was a river, angry and full of debris, is not that, not totally anyway.
"Any chance you could think a little faster than?" He groan's his face scrunching in pain.
"I'm working on it!" I say, growing more frantic by the second. We need to get away from the center where the current runs strong and deep. But how?
Then I spot it, a low hanging tree with a long solid branch as if our names were etched into it, waiting to catch us.
"Get us to the side." I say, tapping on his shoulder. My eyes narrow and set on our target. "Hurry!"
"I'm fucking trying," He hisses.
"Try harder, Hayes." I holler at him, panic rising in my throat as we grow closer by the second, yet we don't seem to move enough to the side and our only opportunity is about to be missed. "How about you carry us over there? Would that be better for you?" He grunts.
His wide arms sweep out behind me, our bodies all too slowly moving in the right direction. I lick my lips, leaning back slightly as I try to see if we will line up enough.
"Just a little more." I mutter more to myself as he groans with effort. His muscles grow taut and his shirt breaks free from him, his lycan taking over as its tufts of hair protrude from his skin. I grip onto the good side of his neck and look up, the branch dangerously close. Then I bite my lips, processing what needs to happen.
Not only are we not close enough, but the branch is much higher than I had expected. Even in his lycan form, Hayes isn't tall enough and with no real footing on the ground beneath us, there is no way for him to jump.
But I could jump off his back. The only problem is that if it's too deep when I jump, I risk shoving him under the water and into the current deeper below that will grip him and never let him go.
"Shit," I groan, clenching my fists as I try to focus. "Give in, Kyra. Trust your instincts."
I drop my legs from around Hayes, his lycan letting out a disapproving growl as he fights the current harder, trying to make it to the side. He stops moving his massive paws, finding my waist as he lifts me, and I fly up, my chest crashing into the tree branch as I scramble up and look for him in the mess.
"Hayes!" I scream out, my voice shrill and shaky.
When I see the shimmering scars on his body as he surfaces, I wrap my legs around the branch and swing down, ignoring the slice of pain in my skin. I let my lycan take over as she sinks her claws into the top of his wrist, gripping him tightly. The strength of the water is atrocious, a whine escaping my lips, as I fight to keep him in my hands.
He shifts back into his human form, his eyes meeting mine with a soft sorry in them. I can do this. I can save him if he would help me and grab my arm. Instead, he just groans and hangs helplessly, my nails making blood drip down his arms and over his chest. I want to scream at him. Tell him to move his ass, but in lycan form, the best I can do is grunt at him and how he understands.
"I want this," he whispers.
And then it hits me, like a ton of bricks. This is his out. He has fought to live so far and follow the alpha's orders. But this move right now from him isn't one of death, not immediately anyway. He found a loophole, a way out, and he plans to use me as a way to get there. Hurt, anger, and raw fury pulse through me and I find the reserves in my strength to slowly lift his limp body.
He shakes his head, giving me nothing but dead weight as he reaches up with his other hand and rests it on my claws.
"I am sorry, Ky." He whispers, his fingers digging into mine as he slowly draws one claw out at a time from his skin.
I try to fix my grip but it's too late; the blood making his arm slick as I try to reach out and catch him with both hands. He yanks his hands down as he disappears into the water. A pained howl breaking from my lips.
Then determination tears through me, one bigger than my anger and hurt. I scurry across the branch, leaping down from the tree as I break into the fastest sprint I have managed in my life. Dirt falls out beneath my feet as I sprint as close to the water as I can, barely staying ahead of the sections that seem to crumble just behind me.
I can't lose him. No, I refuse to lose him. Hayes could kick me out of his life all he wants but the thought of a world without him? One where he makes me be the one that takes the blame? I won't do it.
My eyes scan the muddy water, infested with trees and branches, searching for anything from him. He may have found a loophole, but he will still have to make an effort to live, right? He can't just give up. The alpha's order is too specific. At least, I hope it is.
Something trips up my foot and I
tumble forward with a pained cry, my ankle twisting violently as I force myself to keep moving, the stabbing feeling in my bone pushed to the back of my head. There is only one thing I can worry about right now and that is - I see him! Relief and worry wash over me as I see his body float up from under a broken tree. 
His mangled pants are tangled in branches as it drags him further and faster away from me. By some stroke of luck, the log gets caught up on a massive boulder, teetering more toward my side. Each step feels like one step closer to success until I see the water tremble. A deep crack vibrates under me one that seems to make my whole body quiver. 
My legs move faster, my eyes focused on the small branch poking out from the log that might just be close enough for me to reach. My claws extend out, my leg stepping
into the water as I hope t
hope, Close my eyes and clasp it. I yank, fast and hard, dragging it to me. When I look at it, I see Hayes' face down but close enough to touch. I cut his pants loose and drag him to the side, making sure to give myself the space away from the water. 
I shift back into my human form, slipping around him as I press my head to his chest. I hear nothing, no heartbeat, no chest sounds, but the mate bond lingers ever so lightly. He has to still be alive if I feel it still. I rise up, crossing my hands over each other as I begin compressing his chest, counting and pumping. Then I stop and pinch his nose, my lips pressing to his as I breathe into him. Then I move back to his chest.
"Come on, Hayes!" I scream, tears falling from my face. "You need to wake the heck up!"
I move to his lips again, zero hesitation as I press my mouth to his. His jolts, water rushing into my mouth as I pull away and vomit it out. I can hear Hayes coughing and sputtering. His inhale is deep and fast. I turn, my lips quivering and my hands shaking as I fight back a sob. "You're okay." I squeak out, throwing myself into his arms, the tears flowing freely.
He shoves me off of him, confusion and anger coloring his face as he looks around and then narrows his eyes on me.
"What did you do?" He says, dragging a hand over his face. "What did you do?!"
"I saved you." I scream at him, rising to my feet, my chest heaving.
"Why?" He grits out, eyes full of hatred.
"Because you don't get to use me as a scapegoat out of life." I tell him.
"You didn't have to come for me." He says, forcing himself to stand, his hands on his knees. "There is no world, even if I hate you, that I would ever just give up and let you die, Hayes. Ever."
"It wasn't your choice. It was mine, for once!" He roars.
"Oh, grow up!" I scream. "Your mate died, so you want to die? Seriously? Get the fuck over it."
He scoffs and looks away, licking his lips before he snarls at me.
"My mate was unforgettable, unlike yours it would seem."
His words hit hard, and I stumble back, a hollow laugh breaking from me as tears fight their way out.
"Fuck you," I spit at him. "Get up and start fucking moving. We need to go find Ezrah."
Then I turn my back on him and walk away. A movement on my left-hand-side catches me off guard, my hand flying up to protect myself as pain takes over every nerve in my body and my vision fades to red. "Kyra!" Hayes screams, his voice disappearing as my world fades to black.
###Chapter 158
*Hayes*
I barely have time to get her name out of my mouth to warn her, my heart pounding out of my chest as I watch in shock. I try to get to her, but it's too late as a tree swings wildly in the raging mud. Its branches reach out and toss her slender frame like a rag doll twenty feet from me.
"Kyra," I call out again, my voice harsh and loud. I duck under the tree as it's pulled back into the fury of the waves that rush by with no care.
"Shit," I mutter, eyeing the way the water seems to rise further, putting us in danger of being sucked back in. With the way the current is going and Kyra lying unconscious, that is the last thing I want right now.
We need to move away from this river or mudslide or whatever natural shitstorm this is. There is no time to waste as I gingerly turn her onto her side. She is limp as I collect her in my arms. Her warm skin is raised and already bruising as I sprint further into the woods. My lungs burn as I push myself to run harder.
I stutter in my step when I look down. The full force of nature's light showcasing the depth of her injuries. Kyra's perfect face is swollen, her entire right side bruised with a deep gash from her hairline to the top of her cheekbone. The Purplish hues make her freckles disappear and my stomach lurches, my fingers grip her tighter as guilt washes over me.
I hate myself, the selfish way I've grown in my desire to just end my life. These bruises, her injuries, they are my fault. Had I not been so blinded by my own shit, I might have seen that she would come for me.
I swallow the lump in my throat, licking my dry lips before I look away, searching to see where I am, and if we can stay here at least until she wakes up. I find a soft, mossy spot near a tree and move toward it.
Kyra groans in pain as I lay her down, her face wincing as I wait for her to wake up. But she doesn't. Impatience takes over as I lean forward to nudge her awake with a gentle touch.
"Kyra," I whisper, moving closer as my hand strokes her cheek, trying to bring her back to consciousness. "Come on Ky, it's time to wake up now."
It does nothing, and I groan in annoyance, running my tongue over my teeth. I exhale sharply, my hand falling away before I stand and pace back and forth. Waiting, and waiting...and waiting for her to wake up and yet she doesn't open her eyes, or even move for hours. I check her pulse, my fingers brushing over her soft wrists, searching for any sign of life. Her heart beats strong and steady, and yet every time I step away from her, that panic that she won't wake up takes hold.
So instead, I decide to occupy my mind and get things done, opting to believe she will wake up sooner rather than later. Hope and patience are my only options now, and I'm not great at either of these days.
For a short time I leave her, verifying we are safe enough and that Ezrah is not nearby or anything worse, like dragons or some other lurking enemy. Thank the heavens that none of our enemies seem to be nearby, and as luck would have it, I find a rundown car with grass and cobwebs for an engine.
I search it for anything I can find. The blanket is gray and holey, but the dust seems to shake off decently when I whip it through the air a few times.
Under it, I find a stash of broken suitcases and grab the few items of clothing that seem like they might work based on her size. Then I shove my legs through some jeans that are not the right size. I tuck the blanket under my arm and rush back to Kyra with a shirt and some shorts in hand.
Each step brings a throbbing in my chest of hope that maybe she woke up and is sitting and waiting for me. A strange desire settling deep in my gut to see her eyes and feel her gaze on me blooms and I can't hide the fact that I hate this. To see her hurt, unresponsive, again, is...making me go crazy.
As I break into the little area I had put her, a sick feeling of dread falls over me. Kyra's unconscious body remains exactly where it was, unmoved, as if she has done nothing but breathe and hold on to life.
Her naked body is covered in
goosebumps, the only sign that she is still clinging on. Her torso and chest are riddled with healing
bruises and her shoulders bare an et
deep red mark. She was struck incredibly hard, her head catching the brunt of it. Clearly why she is still asleep. I only hope that the internal damage is enough that her body can
heal it. 
"I got you some clothes." I say, stalking toward her unconscious body, feeling a little awkward speaking to someone who can't respond. "If you wake up while I am doing this, I swear I am just getting you dressed."
I kneel beside her, gently sliding my hand under head and lifting her slightly as I slip a green oversized shirt over her head. My fingers skim her skin tenderly as I pull the fabric over her arms and down her legs as far as I can.
I move to her ankles and slip her feet through the holes in the terry cloth shorts and slip them up her legs. Then I grab the blanket and lay it over her. The exhaustion from earlier is gone as I watch her delicate features as she remains passed out with me on watch, sitting next to her.
Kyra has always been beautiful.
When we were younger, her freckles
reminded me of the stars, and most nights after she ran away, I would stare up at the sky and regret everything in life. I missed her, still miss her. It took watching her nearly dying a second time to realize just how much I hate the thought of a world without her. 
It is captivating, just how much she has changed, all the while still being exactly who she always was. There was a time I wanted to kiss those lips until they were red and swollen.
A time where I would have given everything for her, a time before I realized we weren't fated mates. Well, that's not all that true either. Even now, looking at her as she breathes, the air whistling from her pursed lips... the urge to touch them is overwhelming.
I reach out, pulling my hand back as I hesitate for a moment, then I press my fingers to her swollen face. Her skin is warm to the touch, the bruise already looking better as the cut on her head is healing already. My fingers slip down her cheek, finding a freckle before I drag it to another, then another.
I could get lost in these freckles, just drawing sweet nothings as I connect them from one perfect little brown spot to the next. My fingers stop at a larger freckle just at the corner of her lip, and I find my mouth is dry.
This is why I had to reject her confession of love, why I had to cut ties. How could I love someone this hard when there is no bond? And how desperately would it have hurt her had I accepted her and found my mate later in life?
Breaking her heart was the easiest thing to do, as I knew I was protecting her from something far worse. Or so I thought, but not even I could save her from the pain of losing a mate. Hell, I couldn't save myself either.
I inch down, laying beside her as she shivers, my arm slips around her stroking her back as I try to warm her with my body heat. Moments like this, in the silence, where I am lost in a time, where I was happy and not broken. I think maybe, just maybe, I could live a life after Leandra.
Maybe I could deserve it, if this
woman right here didn't hate me. Her lips press together, and then the part, a huff of hot air hitting my face and it overcomes me. Fuck, I have tried to block those old feelings, convince myself she isn't the same girl loved, but under that sassy attitude and strong facade is just Kyra. My Kyra, if I had let her be mine. 
I slip my hand up her arm and over her shoulder, finding her cheek as I commit every second of this to memory. With the gentlest caress, I stroke my thumb over her lips, my eyes falling closed as the lightest tingle glides up my arm, bringing a smile to my face. Then my eyes snap open, my hand yanking back as if her skin is made of lava, my chest heaving for air. What the fuck was that?
###Chapter 159
*Kyra*
Warm air brushes over my cheeks, a gentle feeling as if it were a soft kiss barely touching me. I feel strangely relaxed, safe, as I try to force myself to move. My body feels heavy, my eyes aching with a dull pain behind them as I blink them open, my eyebrows knitting together in confusion when I see him."
Hayes lays next to me, his eyes closed as the sun beats down through the leaves of the trees above us. His breathing is even and soft, his gentle breath heating my face as I find myself frozen, transfixed on just how much he has changed. I don't mean because of his burns, but rather the way his cheek-bones are sharper, his jawline tense and his lips... his lips look more tempting.
I try to turn onto my back, but I find myself trapped beneath his arm over a gray, dingy blanket. His arm lifts just enough for me to squirm and that's then I realize my arms are stuck inside the massive shirt I have on. My nose scrunches in confusion as I shimmy around, finding the arm holes that are twisted to the sides, before I push my hands through.
"Are you awake or having a seizure?" Hayes' groggy voice asks and I scoff, looking over at him only to see his eyes are still closed, but there is a quirk of a smile at the corner of his lip.
"Did you get me dressed?" I ask him and he exhales, popping one eyelid open, unamused.
"I did the best I could for someone more limp than a dead snake."
My mouth falls open, and I lick my lips, smiling even if he is trying to offend me to pick a fight.
"You didn't think to put my arms through the holes?" I ask him, waving my arms around in their newfound freedom.
"Figured you'd be warmer," He shrugs.
"You also tucked me in?" I ask, arching a brow, and he frowns before sighing.
"Kyra, you were shivering. What was I supposed to do, let you freeze to death?" He mutters, turning his back to me. I pause, nibbling my lip as I try to figure out how to say thank you.
The words that seem so easy somehow don't want to come forth the more I remember. I have many more things I want to say: curse words, questions, really snarky comments about his intelligence. But I push it all aside and clear my throat. "Thank you, Hayes." I murmur. He turns, looking at me suspiciously over his shoulder.
"What?" He asks, and I roll my eyes.
"You're going to make me say it again, aren't you?" I ask him and He lays his head back down, but not before I see a smirk.
"Say what again? You were mumbling, so I couldn't hear anything." He lies.
"Thank you for not abandoning me." I say louder, crawling over to him as I lean over his side to make sure he can hear me. Then I lean into his burned ear. "This time."
He flinches away, leaving me watching him with wide eyes as he scurries to a standing position, leaving me on my knees. I tilt my head to the side, my mouth tugging down at the corner.
"It's fine." He says, clearing his throat as he rubs the back of his neck and looks away. My stomach twists, and I look down at my hands, suddenly feeling uncomfortable, as if I have made a fool of myself.
"We should probably get moving to find the others." I say, standing. My legs wobble as I find my foot, the world spinning while my eyes close and I find my balance. A soft groan slips out and a gentle pressing at my back makes my eyes snap open. "Are you okay?" Hayes asks, his voice low and his eyes meeting mine, making my mouth feel dry.
"I'm fine," I croak, stepping away from him.
"Good." He says, giving me a quick, half smile before he turns and bends down to gather the blanket. His jeans stretch over his rear end, making it impossible not to stare as I bite back a laugh.
"Hayes?" I say and he hums in confirmation that he is listening. "Where did you find those jeans?"
He turns to face me, tucking the blanket under his arm before crossing them over his chest. Then he arches a curious brow.
"Why do you ask?"
I shake my head, a giggle breaking free as I press my lips together tightly.
"Just curious is all." I manage to choke out. He rolls his eyes and then looks down.
"Okay, yes, they may be a little tight." He shrugs. "Do they look bad?"
Do they look bad? I want to bark out a laugh at the absurdity of the question. Burned or not, Hayes is still a fine specimen to look at. Especially in jeans a size too small, riding low on his hips. These jeans are far from bad, though I dare say he may find them annoying on the journey. "You might be more comfortable in the nude." I shrug, "But if you want to waddle around in women's jeans, that's your choice."
He scoffs and looks down at his pants.
"These are not women's jeans," he argues. I nod, giving him a fake 'I believe you' look.
"Of course not, my mistake." Then I clear my throat and look around. "We really should get moving, though, especially if we have any hope of finding Ezrah's trail."
He nods. "Yeah, I had a feeling you would want to go after him first."
"The sooner we find him, the better for everyone." I tell him. "Well, other than you, since you are trying to get yourself killed."
He gives me a side eye before he looks away. No denial of what I accuse him of. And even if I know that's what his endgame is, all of me had hoped he would try to deny it or change his mind.
"Right, let's go." He says, motioning for me to lead the way.
"Remember when we used to have meaningful conversations?" I ask him as I step by, leading the way.
"Vaguely," He grunts. "Why want to have one now?"
"Why are you trying to kill yourself?" I ask, no holding back. There used to be no wall between us, no worrying about hurting each other's feelings when we spoke as best friendsz What needed to be said was said, and we dealt with the emotions of it as we discussed the topic. 
"I'm not." He snorts and I shoot him a glare over my shoulder.
"Oh? So that begging to just let you go was just a joke?" I say, turning around to look at him.
Hayes looks down, a heavy sigh escaping as he slowly lifts his eyes to look at me.
"Can we not do this?" He asks, looking annoyed. "We aren't friends, and I don't owe you an explanation."
My anger boils, but instead of giving into his desire to fight with me, I give him a tight smile and brush my hands over my shirt, looking away.
"Noted." I mutter as I spin and walk away. "Not friends. I suppose that's the real reason you wanted me to leave."
"I never wanted you to leave," He calls out behind me.
"It's fine, Hayes. I get it now." I say and he groans loudly before I hear his footsteps, then he lands himself in front of me. His eyes filled with anger and annoyance as I cross my arms over my chest, daring him to keep talking. But he doesn't.
"You didn't want me to leave, but you wanted to never see me again." I finally say amending my original statement.
"That's not true either." He grits out.
"I know, I know." I roll my eyes, reaching out with both hands and pushing him gently to the side and out of my way. "You didn't want to break my heart when you found your mate, blah blah blah."
His hand grabs my wrists, his chest heaving as if he is suddenly struggling to breathe.
"That's not completely true either." He whispers, his voice hoarse.
"You plan on telling me any truths, then? I mean, if you plan on dying, do I not get the truth, eventually? Or do you just plan on hopefully telling me the next time you beg me to let go of you and drown in a mudslide?" His lips pressing together tight before he shakes his head and curses under his breath, looking away from me for a brief moment.
"I couldn't be around you knowing you felt the same way. What I needed was to find my mate or have you find yours, so I wouldn't try to crawl into your bedroom window and claim you." He growls.
"So me leaving, our friendship ending, is exactly what you wanted?" I swallow, unsure how to handle the words he is saying. What I want to do is melt into him, but I have to stay in my anger to keep my composure.
"What I wanted was to wrap my
hands in your luscious hair and make sure you couldn't break away from my kisses. Mates would complicate any relationship we had and you," He shakes his head chuckling dryly. "Fuck Kyra. You would complicate any mate bond I was to have. It's not that wanted you gone. I needed you gone. Do you not get that?" 
"And do you need me gone now?" I ask, my voice low and my eyes trained on his, trying to read him.
"I don't know what I need anymore." He whispers, his gaze drifting to my lips as I take a step closer, titling my chin up.
"You need a reason to live." I murmur, my lips a breath away from his before I rise on my toes and close the distance for us.
###Chapter 160
Sparks explode through my body, flooding me with warmth as my heart pounds in my ears. Hayes remains still and my stomach drops out, my cheeks heating in embarrassment and disappointment before I pull away. I stumble backward, my hand coming over my mouth
as Hayes reaches out and catches me.
"I'm sorry." I murmur, looking everywhere and anywhere but at him.
"Kyra." Hayes says softly,
"Shit, shit, I am sorry. I don't know what came over me." It's a lie. I know exactly what came over me. The damn mate bond and the memories of how much I cared for him. It was idiotic and I realize that now that I am in my right mind.
"Kyra," He says again, his arm yanking me to him as my eyes grow wide and I let out a confused squawk.
"Uh," I look up at him, feeling the air fade away around me as I watch his eyes scan my face and land on my lips before they crash into mine.
Electricity surges from my lips to my fingertips as I melt into him, forgetting everything else. He is harsh and hungry as his hand slides up my face, guiding me, no, holding me in place. His calloused thumb rubs over my cheek, my lips parting as I slip my tongue out to taste him.
Hayes' mouth opens, his teeth catching my tongue before releasing it and chasing me with his own. My arms slip up and over his neck, his hands moving as he holds me tight and kisses me like he wants to consume me. Butterflies dance in my stomach, my limbs feeling like they melt on the spot if I can't have more of him. I need more of him.
He breaks away in a flash, his heated breath panting over my lips as I lift my lust laden eyes to meet his. There is nothing but desire and unbridled need on his face, no regret or hesitation and yet, he presses his lips together and leans back.
"I need you to stop." He says, his voice a husky growl that brings an uncontrolled shiver up my spine.
"Why?" I whisper, leaning into him as I press my head to his chest, trying to catch my breath.
"Because I can't," He whispers. His hand glides up my side, over my arm and across my shoulder. Then he tickles over my skin with his fingers caressing over my collar bone before he gently places his hand over my throat and up my chin, lifting my head. "Say no, or I will not stop."
"I thought you hated me," I whisper, that snarky part of me unable to remain hidden.
"Hate has nothing to do with this," he murmurs before he captures my lips again.
I inhale sharply, my hips rolling into his as I moan in pleasure. His lips are softer than I imagined they would be with how sharp his tongue is. But I relish the way he doesn't hold back. The way his lips may be soft, but his grip on my neck and around my back says he is hardly keeping himself together.
He is coming undone just as much as I am. Hayes must be feeling the bond, too. What other reason would he have for not being able to restrain himself? Not that it matters. What matters is the way he fingers at the hem of the oversized shorts I am wearing. My breathing hitches when his hand slides up my thigh, softly rubbing my skin, his fingers brushing along the outside of my hip where, had circumstances been different, I would have the line of my undergarments. There is no stopping the way my skin goosebumps with his touch and he lets out a barely audible growl of delight, his chest vibrating.
My head falls to the side, his lips moving to my chin, then my neck as he nuzzles and presses kisses to my soft flesh. I drag my hands to his chest, resting them gently as I roll my hips toward his hand, practically begging for more than the soft massage he is giving my outer thigh. I can feel his smile against my neck and my chest flutters with excitement.
"Mmm," I hum.
Hayes' hand leaves my leg for a moment and I want to whine, but his lips find mine again, his tongue tangling with mine as he wraps his hands around my waist and lifts me.
I wrap my legs around him, allowing him to carry us wherever the hell he wants. I gasp when my back presses against a tree, his hard body pressed against mine in a delicious way.
"Last chance," He whispers, breaking away to press his forehead to mine.
I miss his touch already as I shake my head violently, unable to speak the words. His hand disappears, and he reaches between us before he deftly slips my shorts to the side and his eyes meet mine. Heat floods to my lower belly as I watch him observing me. I moan as he presses forward, his own pleasured groan making me sink into him deeper. My whole world feels like it is shifting on its axis. Everything I thought I knew seems to disappear as he rolls his hips into mine and I let out a loud groan. I press my head to his neck, taking him in the strides he gives me as I cling my quivering body to his.
"Fuck," he grunts, his speed picking up as I gasp along with his every movement. I can feel pleasure mounting, the way it seems to build steam and makes my toes curl before I throw my head back, exposing my neck to him.
"Hayes," I murmur, unable to say his name with any more force than a breath. "I'm so close."
"Ah," He groans, his arms gripping me tight as if he is dragging me onto him harder.
"Oh, oh...shit!" I cry out, trying to keep my voice down before he buries his head into my neck and grunts.
"Fuck, Leandra...yes...fuuuuck." He groans.
My heart stops, my ear throbbing and my chest burning. It shouldn't hurt this much. I should understand that she means something to him. After all, I had a mate I loved severely before him.
But...I knew who I was with. I knew it was Hayes who was making love to me in the woods. But then again, maybe my mistake is that I assumed we were making love and not just having a good fuck.
Tears threaten my eyes as my throat
ne?
grows thick, and it feels like I might rip apart at any moment. Gone is the high of the moment as I turn my head away and gently press against his chest, disconnected us on too many levels before I stumble to the side and fix my shorts. I clear my throat, unsure of what to do, how to act now. 
Does he realize what he did? Who he called me and how much it hurt?
"You okay?" he asks, concern filling his voice.
"Of course," I say, clearing my throat. "Why wouldn't I be?"
He doesn't say anything as I take my hair out of its ponytail, run my fingers through it and tie it back up, just looking for ways to buy myself time before having to look at him. "Was I too rough?" He asks, and I scoff, shaking my head.
"No, it was fine." I mutter, turning with the fakest smile I have ever mustered. He frowns at me, his hand on his hips as he tries to read my reaction.
"It was fine?" He arches a brow, clearly wanting to go back to our usual bickering. But I can't...what I want is space, but that isn't an option either. So I smooth my shirt and lie.
"Sorry, I'm just...can we pretend that didn't happen?" I ask him and he seems a little shocked before he nods his head.
"If that is what you want..." He offers, but I see the way confusion tickles his brow and his lip twitches into a disappointed frown.
"Hayes, why did you do that?" I ask him and he seems shocked before he chuckles.
"Do what? Fuck you?" He asks, the way his crass words make it seem like it was emotionless stings. Then he shrugs, "A guy needs a release every now and then, and you kissed me first so..." "Yeah, I did. I get that but...I just." I stumble over my words and he takes a step closer to me.
"Woah, Ky. You don't have to
overthink it." He smiles. I swallow and lick my tips, looking away and nodding. He doesn't feel it. My heart sinks. Hayes doesn't feel the mate bond, instead of that being some breakthrough, some...thing that might have potentially been special. It was a quick release for him. 
It was nothing. Noted.
"I'm not," I sigh heavily. "Just...it can't happen again and I don't want anyone else to know."
His face grows dark, and he glares at me.
"You mean you don't want Marcos to know?"
My hurt demands I hurt him back. It's juvenite and idiotic, but I don't care. I want him to feel an iota of the ache he has caused me. So I roll my shoulders back and look him square in the face. 
"Yes. I think I could like him and I don't want to live the rest of my life alone. He understands what I have been through."
"So does Nisha, Dean and Koda." he snorts.
"But they aren't Marcos. He has the face of an angel." I give him.
###Chapter 161
Hayes scoffs, his thumb coming up and rubbing over his lips before he nods and clears his throat.
"You are right. We really should get a move on." He grumbles, brushing past me. I roll my eyes and chuckle to myself. He is so used to being in charge that he forgets I am the tracker and he is heading in the wrong direction. "Might be better if we head in the right direction." I say, crossing my arms over my chest, not bothering to hide my cocky smirk. "Unless you would rather take the long way."
Hayes slows before coming to a stop, his head hanging low as he turns to look at me. He places his hands on his hips as if he is trying to restrain himself, then he mutters under his breath before he walks back toward me. "Less time with you, the better it is for both of us." He says, flashing me a forced smile.
"Seemed like you wanted to spend time with me earlier," I grumble before I roll my eyes and turn to the left and walk away from him.
"That wasn't exactly quality time, Kyra." He says behind me. "It was-"
"Just a quick fuck?" I grind out, finishing the sentence for him. "Yes, Hayes, I am aware of that. You do know that you are not the first man I have been with, right? I know what it feels like to be loved and now I know what it feels like to be used. Thank you so much for that lesson."
"Wait a minute." He scoffs, rushing past me before he puts his hands out to keep me from walking further. "You are the one who came onto me, Kyra. It was you who kissed me."
What he doesn't realize is that it was his words and confession that made me weak enough to act on the bond. I didn't want to kiss the man who left me for dead and then tried to make me watch him die. That was the cruelty of the moon goddess and her damn games she plays on us for the fun of it. I rub my face and shake my head.
"Can we just...agree it was a mutual arrangement to scratch an itch? And now we can consider the itch scratched and we can move on." I say, feeling a bubble of confusion as he frowns at me. He has no right to act like this isn't exactly what he planned or wanted. "And yet you keep bringing it up," he says, "Like you can't get it out of your head."
"I do not! And It just happened, I haven't had the time to get it out of my head." I scoff, offended by his preposterous accusation.
"It's fine Ky, I get it. You aren't the only one who struggles with no strings attached sex." He shrugs, looking smugly at me.
I guffaw, a dark chuckle bursting from my lips. This asshole really thinks so highly of himself, even when he wants to die and is such a dickhead. No strings attached. Right, the issue I have with everything isn't the lack of strings, but the insurmountable strings that only I can apparently feel tugging at me.
"I haven't scented Ezrah since before I was struck by that tree. So hopefully, if we head back that way, we can find something." I murmur, choosing to take the high road.
Well, more like the silent road, unless it refers to Ezrah.
"Really?" He scoffs. "You are resorting to ignoring the whole thing now?"
"Sure am. Now, shut up so I can listen for anything out of the ordinary." I say, shooting him a scowl.
We probably should discuss it..." he says, gently and for the first time, it feels like he is actually being sincere.
"What is there left to discuss, Hayes?"
I wait for him to keep talking, but when he doesn't, I look at him curiously. He looks away before he finally meets my gaze with pity in his eyes. My brows furrow in shock as he takes a step closer to me and then sighs heavily.
"What?" I ask, a feeling in my stomach making me more nervous than I was when I kissed him.
"Was that your first time since Tyler?" He asks, his voice soft and coaxing as if he is trying to tread lightly.
My face heats and my lungs grow tight. I instantly look away, unable to think of a single word to say to him. I came to terms with losing Tyler and our baby some time ago. Not to say that I moved on, but that I know what he wanted for me if I ever lost him.
It was a conversation we had once the war started to rage. I loved Tyler, but my world did not cease to exist when I lost him. We both know I couldn't go through that after how terribly I took Hayes' initial rejection.
"Truth be told, that was my first time doing something like that." I say, clearing my throat. Hayes' eyes grow wide and then his brows knit together.
"Are you saying I took your virginity?" He asks. It is clear Hayes is not following what I mean. I scoff and roll my eyes.
"No, Hayes. Tyler and I made love. It was never a quickie in the woods against a tree. It was the two of us. making a promise, showcasing how we felt about each other." I whisper, remembering how much he hated anything that seemed rushed. Tyler was a romantic, one who, even when he was tempted, took his time and planned things out. 
"Are you serious?" Hayes asks, looking appalled. "You guys never had the passion to just do it and then go about your day?" "You know what, never mind. This isn't a topic I want to discuss with you." I mutter.
"Oh, come on, I'm just shocked, that is all." He claims, but I can see the way my words seem to befuddle him. It's clear to me he doesn't have a romantic bone in his body, even if he occasionally says something that makes it damn near impossible to not kiss him. 
"How about you tell me about Leandra?" I ask, whipping around to glare at him. His face hardens, his lip twitching in a sneer.
"Maybe silence is the best route for us." He grits out.
"My thoughts exactly." I grumble. "Follow my lead and try not to get yourself and me killed."
The tension between us is thicker than it was before I gave into the pull of the bond. I can feel every look he gives me, as if his eyes were a stream of fire from a dragon's mouth on my back. "What do we do when we find Ezrah?" I ask him.
"You don't have to worry about that." He says, not happy with me. I exhale, showing him my dissatisfaction.
"Well, the last time you saw him, you went crazy and nearly got us both killed. So forgive me for wanting to know what the hell to expect."
"You know, I kind of thought fucking you would make you a little less uptight and snarky," he snarks from behind me.
My emotions swirl in a mixture of homicidal rage and disappointment as my body responds to the thought of us having sex earlier. I had hoped it would lessen the desire to be in his arms, or at least put it off for a while longer. And yet, his anger only sets me off in a blaze of desire. 
"Can you not say things like that?" I hiss at him, whirling around to shove at his chest. He stands, unmoved, looking down at me.
"What part?" He teases.
"The part where you said you guys fucked." I hear behind me. Hayes grins, his arms crossing over his chest as he looks over my shoulder.
"I wondered if you would find us first," He says with a chuckle. I refuse to turn around, my face blazing red with embarrassment. The last thing I want to do is look at Marcos and everyone else.
"Well, we didn't exactly sit and twiddle our thumbs after watching you two go into the water. And here we thought you guys were in real danger." Nisha says, a teasing lilt to her voice.
"Well, it wasn't exactly a fantastic adventure." Hayes says before he smirks, his eyes meeting mine before he winks. "Other than the quickie, of course."
Anger blooms and I glare up at him, tears threatening to fall down my cheeks. It's not that I like Marcos exceedingly well. I may have played it off that way to Hayes, but the truth is. That wasn't just sex to me, to him it was. I know that now.
He used me, and now I am the butt of his joke. Just another fallen woman at his feet for him to laugh at with his war buddies. Shame on me for giving in. Shame on me for still having an ounce of feelings for him.
"Fuck you, Hayes" I grit out, low.
"Sounds like you already did," Koda teases and I inhale deeply, spinning to look at everyone, my shoulders squared.
"Enough." I hiss, looking back at Hayes. His smirk falters as I shake my head. "You can share details and laugh all you want when I am out of earshot."
"I'll walk with you," Dean offers, clearly trying to be nice.
"No, I'd rather be alone." I grumble, yet again finding my heading and walking away.
###Chapter 162
*Hayes*
"No one goes anywhere alone," I remind her, my voice threatening as I take two steps after her. Her red hair flips around, loose strands brushing over her flushed cheeks as her eyes bore into mine.
"Send someone with me and they will come back with a black eye." She says. It almost sounds like a warning, but the more I see the anger burning behind her glare, the more I realize she is making me a promise. "Even Marcos?" I murmur low enough for her to hear, then I quirk a single brow in retaliation for her attitude.
"I don't discriminate when I am angry." She says, taking two steps away before she turns on her heels and walks off into the trees.
I watch her with my stomach twisting in knots as my fingers twitch and my jaw clenches. She walks off gracefully with her head held high and yet, my eyes fall to her waist, watching it sway from side to side like a sex crazed idiot.
Should I have stopped myself? Maybe. Did I want to? No, and therein lies the problem. Nisha used to scratch an itch. For many of us, but that is why Koda does not care about her past.
We meant nothing to her, and she meant nothing to us. She is a friend, someone who was as broken as the rest of us, just seeking comfort for a night, a way to forget and not look back.
But Kyra...She tastes like my past and somehow my future. I restrained myself long enough to make sure she was willing and okay with what happened... but beyond that; I was selfish, and I didn't need another reason to hate myself. And yet, here I am, crossing off another mark. Reason five hundred something for why I deserve to die.
"Everything all good?" Dean asks, stepping up next to me.
"Yep." I lie and from the corner of my eye, I can see him nodding.
"So we are going to lie to each other now?" He asks, and I look over my shoulder for the others. Koda and Nisha chat with Marcos, who watches the place where Kyra disappeared as if trying to will her back.
"Does it count as a lie if I'm lying to myself about it, too?" I mutter, my chest rising with a deep inhale before I blow the air through my nose, trying to center myself. Kyra seems to weave her wed around me in every damn way possible, and I am tethered to her. Everything about her just...sets me off.
"Maybe you should go after her," He offers and I scoff.
"Are you kidding me? She will one hundred percent punch anyone who goes after her." I snort. "No, I will let her calm down and when she comes back, everything will be fine."
"Or it will be worse." Dean says, and I scowl at him.
"Well, that is not fucking helpful." I mutter and he slaps me on the back.
"Didn't say I was trying to be helpful, just trying to be someone you can talk to." He grins.
"Hayes..." Marcos says, walking up to me and Dean with a look of worry. "Can I talk to you?"
I furrow my brow and look at Dean, who puts his hands up and steps away, leaving me with the only person I feel like beating to a pulp for no reason. Well, perhaps there is a reason, but not one I am ready to acknowledge yet. "What's up, Marcos?" I ask him and he clears his throat.
"Did you or Kyra have any injuries that needed to be looked at?" he asks.
It is obvious he is disappointed, or at least forlorn. Clearly, he likes Kyra as much as she likes him. Well, maybe more, considering she ended up in my arms and not his.
I smirk to myself, relishing that little nugget of information. She chose me, even if she didn't mean to. Even if I don't deserve it or her, I was the one she sought comfort and pleasure from.
"Kyra was struck pretty hard and knocked out for some time, but she seems fine now." I tell him. His eyes widen.
"She seems fine?" He asks, disbelieving. I adjust my stance, turning toward him as I cross my arms over my chest and look him up and down.
"Yes, she seemed fine. She was banged up pretty good, but I could see her wounds healing as she slept." I tell him, my voice harsh, to remind him I am still the person in charge here, even if he doesn't like me very much right now. "And you didn't think that maybe her agreeing to have sex with you might be a part of her injury?" He asks, again, like I am some idiot.
"I assure you, Kyra was given ample
opportunities to say no and stop,
el.Ket
and yet she chose not to." My tongue rolls over my teeth when realize he is insinuating I took advantage of her in some way, that she might not have been in the right state of mind to make the decision she made. 
For a second, my heart stutters...is he right? Did I take advantage of her when she was injured? Had she seemed like she wasn't in control of her thoughts or actions?
Truthfully, I can't recall. I was too caught up in her and the way she looked at me. The way she kissed me before I had the chance to close the distance. And the spark...the one I can still feel at my fingertips. My hands clench and I scoff, chuckling I dryly as I pace away from him, only to turn my rage on him.
"Are you saying you think I took advantage of her, Marcos?" I grit out. He blinks at me, his body unwavering as I get in his face, ready to tear him to shreds.
"I am asking." He says. "Did you take advantage of her, Hayes? Are you certain it was what she wanted?"
Fuck.
I drag my hand through my hair, taking a few steps back before I shake my head.
"No. No, I did not take advantage of her." I say, certain. Well, mostly certain. "I know Kyra better than I know myself. Not only would I never do anything to hurt her, I would have been able to read her enough to know she wasn't being herself." He exhales deeply, looking comforted by my answer. "This may sound off but, how did she look? Skin wise, was her chest discolored or her side?"
"Uh," I think back, trying to recall how she looked before I pulled the shirt over her body.
She was bruised nearly instantly. But she was covered in dirt and mud, so verifying what was bruising and mud wasn't exactly easy. And when we had sex, I didn't exactly undress her. It was unromantic, and quick.
Hell, it was more than scratching an itch like I made her feel. It was a need. Like a traveler lost in the desert for days who just found water. It felt like it was life or death.
"You don't remember?" Marcos asks, "I suppose it must not have been that bad if you can't recall it."
"No, it's more...I dressed her when she was knocked out and we didn't exactly... undress for what we did, just sort of rearranged..." I try to explain, feeling weird by saying it all out loud.
Marcos seems to think, his eyes where she was minutes before.
"Shit." he sighs. "I really wish I would have been able to look before she walked off."
"She is a Lycan. She will be fine," I assure him, and he shakes his head.
"There are things we can't see internally that can still make us weak, Hayes. Our bodies heal fast, yes, but some things take more time, especially if damage is significant. The moment she relaxes, she might end up passing out, or realizing she is in pain. Kyra really shouldn't be out there alone." He
seems genuinely worried.
"Are you looking for an excuse to go follow her?" I ask, eyeing him for a moment. He glares at me but says nothing.
"You should go fetch her," he says after a minute. "She can have her alone time after I have looked her over."
"Hayes!" Nisha hisses, making us both look back at her. She points toward the sky as the scent of smoke brushes over my nostrils. My muscles go rigid, my lycan growing restless. "Dragons."
"Fuck, that's the way Kyra went," Marcos grumbles, sprinting forward.
Of course it is. She is a tracker, after all, which means she lied. Kyra wasn't looking for quiet; she was looking for Ezrah and trying to keep us in the dark.
"Damn it, Kyra." I growl, racing off after Marcos.
###Chapter 163
*Kyra*
Trees blur past me as I sprint past trees, my lycan relishing every second of freedom as she drives us further from the group. This is exactly the type of fresh air I need.
The kind that is full of clues and a hint of burning wood. Someone is out here and I intend to find them before the others realize I picked up a scent before they did. Not that I think it is Ezrah. In fact, I know it's not.
No matter how I would have explained it before, Hayes would have put his foot down and demanded we go as a group, but truth be told, I travel faster on my own. Not only that, but regardless of how things have turned out since being near Hayes, I can take care of myself. It's likely I need to prove it to myself again.
I glance up, the smell of smoke tickling my muzzled face as I slow for a moment, my fur prickling as I sense someone near. The trees provide me enough cover as I hide behind them, dropping my shirt from my claw and shifting back into my human form. As I tug it down over my head, I lean into the rough bark of the tree, searching until I see the massive frame sitting near a campfire.
In the light, I can see his forlorn face and dark hair as he throws bits of a broken stick into the flames, as if lost in a daydream. He looks lonely, his demeanor all too familiar. Who ever he is, he isn't some hunter in the woods like the dragons I have come across, and he sure as shit isn't all too concerned about being found.
My head tilts to the side as I move silently around in a wide berth, my eyes watching him as I come around to his backside. There is no one else with him, just a singular dragon shifter on his own in the woods. Which means he is either exiled or strong enough of a fighter he doesn't need to travel in pairs.
I move from my foliage cover, going closer as I watch him, waiting for him to notice my presence. He doesn't seem to notice as I break a stick, trying to garner his attention.
Whether it is smart or not, I move around him, standing facing him with the fire between us. After a moment he lifts his gaze to meet mine, a slow blinking before his chest rises in a deep breath.
"Can I help you?" He asks, his voice gruff though not as demanding as his words make him seem.
"Unlikely." I admit and he smirks, just a small twitch of his lip up ticking before he goes back to throwing his broken stick. "Are you alone?"
"That's the punishment." He mutters, a flicker of anger and then indifference over his face.
"You are a dragon..." I say, looking him over as I reach back and take a seat on the ground, inviting myself to his little party.
"I am," He says warily, pausing only slightly before going about his business.
"And you are alone?" I ask, reiterating what he said as I continue to scan the area. He finally stops, a sigh breaking from his lips as he raises his eyes and blinks at me.
"That is what I meant when I said that is the punishment, yes." He tells me, his brows furrowing as if he is trying to get a read on me and my purpose without asking the question. "What is it you want with me? Have you come to try to kill me, too?" A chuckle breaks from my lips as I shake my head.
"I'm not in the habit of killing someone who isn't actively attacking me." I tell him and he nods.
"Well, I have no intention of fighting you or any others so you can be on your way, Lycan." he mutters, looking away.
"I just have one question. Any chance you have seen a fae around here with an egg?" I ask him, ignoring his dismissal of me.
There is a change in the air, his back straightening and his chin cocking to the side. He finally seems interested in me as his eyes grow more curious. Then he leans forward, his elbows on his knees and his demeanor more guarded as he watches me with interest. "Have you?" He asks, an urgency in his voice that makes me grin.
"Weirdly enough, I have." I tell him, watching as his eyebrows raise in surprise. "But I lost him as I was swept away in a mudslide."
"Recently?" He asks and I nod. "Do you mind sharing in which direction you saw him?"
"Ehhh, yeah, I do mind actually." I tell him, rubbing my hands together slightly to keep them warm. "We are kind of enemies at the moment, so it wouldn't be in my best interest to share that with you. I am sure you understand." A low chuckle rumbles from his chest, and he shakes his head.
"We are far from enemies," he says. "In fact, I am willing to bet we probably want the same thing, or something close to the same."
"Oh? The annihilation of the entire dragon race for their betrayal and crimes committed against the other races?" I ask and he looks down, picking up a bigger twig, a sly smile on his face.
"Well, perhaps not the same exact thing." He smirks, then shrugs. "I want the truth to be known and the king to be dethroned."
"What truth is that?" I ask, crossing my legs under me. As I settle in to have a longer chat, curious to know his story. He is powerful. I can feel it in the way he carries himself, his demeanor as he answers and asks questions. "That the lycans and werewolves are not responsible for all of this," He says, his gaze meeting mine with such sincerity that I find my mouth dry.
"A dragon that has sense? Kind of feels like a trap, if you ask me." I tease and he glares at me before silence falls over us, only the crackling of the coals and the heat between us as we refuse to look away from each other.
"What do you want?" he finally asks again, a little more determined for an answer and I shrug, not exactly sure what I am looking for, but knowing I need to be here right now. It feels as if, for some reason, we may be able to help each other. 
"I am not sure I believe you haven't seen the fae." I tell him.
"If Ezrah were to cross my path, I promise you would not find him ever."
"You would hide him?" I ask, wondering if I somehow misjudged this entire meeting, and he barks out a laugh.
"In a fiery grave, yes." He frowns
before he stands, his body rising
higher before he takes two large steps around the fire toward me. "As much as I have enjoyed the company, either you tell me who you are and what you want or I make you leave." 
To say I am intimidated feels like too weak of a word. His aura drowns me in danger, making my palms sweat and my heart race. "You could always introduce yourself," I remind him, trying to keep my composure and not show him I am scared. He clenches his jaw.
"I am not someone you want to play games with." He grits out, "It has taken much energy to not be rude, but I have hit my limit."
"I am Kyra," I rush out, "And I am tracking that Fae to end this war, well, in hopes of ending this war."
He exhales before he lifts his hand up and drags it through his black hair.
"That fae is just as elusive as the dragon king's mind." He mutters in annoyance. "I assume this is Merikh and Colette's plan? Hunt down the fae who has the egg and try to return it?" "Something to that effect." I tell him, standing from the ground, inching back so I can make a run for it if I need to.
"Can you take me to Merikh and Colette?" He asks, something coming over him, a sort of excitement, or perhaps a bud of hope. I shake my head, a frown coming to my lips.
"I highly doubt they will want to see a random dragon-"
"I am not random." He growls, "My
name is I
dragonan and I am, or was, the
dragon prince. The heir to the throne until Giselle rotted my father's mind, and he lived through the loss of a
mate. I am the
reason your
made her escape from our
hoard." 
"And you are hunting for the egg too?" I ask. Everything suddenly makes sense. "So you can kill the hybrid inside it and remain the next heir."
###Chapter 164
"No," Teiran says with a small frown. "This has nothing to do with what my birthright is and everything to do with what is right."
I watch him for a moment, weighing the truth of his words, searching for anything I may construe as a lie. But I find nothing, as if he has nothing to hide. Maybe he is being honest, and perhaps he is someone I could trust. But that does not mean I should or will. "Why do you want to see the Alpha and Luna?" I ask him.
"I trust your Luna, and I believe she can help me." He says like it's such an obvious thing.
"But the question is, does she trust you?" I arch a brow and he looks away.
"I see we will make no headway with this. So instead, I will be the one to go out on a limb and extend trust first." He says, his intense eyes landing on me.
"And how do you plan to do that?"
"I will share with you all the Information I have at my disposal. Dragons can not breed hybrids." He says, walking away from me, his back turned before he groans as he lowers himself to a log beside the fire. "How do you know if no one has ever tried?" I ask, following him. He exhales and then shakes his head.
"The first-born child is and will always be the strongest dragon. A dragon can not exist where there is another being. It is why vampires have no effect on us when we are bitten. Our beasts are territorial and they do not allow for sharing of minds."
"We used to believe no one could have hybrids in general," I remind him. "And now we have a Luna who is a hybrid with a siren. Things that have not been tested can't be confirmed as impossible until it's been tried."
"That egg is a dragon." He says, a look in his eyes telling me he truly believes that. "It is not only just a dragon, but it is my sibling."
"It could be a Phoenix. Or a dragon or some crazy version of the two. It is fantastic that you want to believe that there is nothing amiss with that egg, but the truth is that you can't know. No one can until it is hatched and we see what it is." "Once I have the egg, I will be able to tell." He says, and I scoff.
"Like you all could tell that Giselle wasn't a dragon? Forgive me for sounding pessimistic, but I am highly doubting your ability to tell."
"I could tell." He whispers, looking into the fire that seems to burn yet emits no smoke. "Through the haze of magic and thread of lies, I knew she was not what she claimed to be."
I exhale, my shoulders heaving up before dropping.
"Look, I can't take you to Luna Colette or Alpha Hayes because we are not headed in that direction."
"There is a high likelihood you will need to head back sooner rather than later, with or without what you are looking for." He says, leaning forward, his eyes boring into mine. "Dragons are at your doorstep, eager for vengeance and what they think you have stolen from them."
I swallow the lump in my throat, knowing he is right. If we don't speed things up, there is a chance we will have no home to go back to. The pressure of everyone's lives rests on my shoulders, our shoulders, and I can't even focus long enough to track or fight the way I should.
"My kind is safe for now," I tell him, trying to convince myself as well. "With the help of the sirens and the occasional other species jumping in to take sides..."
He arches a brow, looking amused. "I don't mean to speak down to you or ill of your kind, but have you seen a dragon in true form? We are not small in mass or numbers. Vampires do not scare us and no other species can rule us. It is why the treaty was so important. We value structure and laws almost as much as we value beautiful things."
"And yet here you are claiming to be on my side?" I say, making him smile.
"I am on the side of the dragons.
Don't misconstrue my words for lack of loyalty to my kind. But my kind needs saving just as much as yours. They are following a demented king who needs to be removed from his throne, as his choices are no longer
made in the interest of our kind but his own personal vendetta." 
I mull over his words and our interaction. Hayes would never in a million years want to team up with a dragon. Especially not the son of the person who led to so many horrifying deaths. But then again, who better to track a dragon egg than a dragon? And when we come across his kind, maybe he could be of use. "I have killed dragons." I tell him, making sure he looks me right in the eyes.
"And I have killed lycans," he says with ease. "We must do what we have to in order to survive. Not all dragons are decent."
A scream breaks out in the distance, making my skin crawl as it dies out in a guttural sputtering. I am on my feet before I realize it, taking steps toward it, passing Teiran. A rough, warm hand touches my arm gently and I blink at it before looking at his large frame as he shakes his head. "You will survive longer if you don't rush after the sound of death." He says, nearly pleading.
"It could be someone in my group that needs help." I say, my brows pulled together, confused by his lack of interference.
"That sound? The silence? That is the sign that you are already too late. What has happened can't be undone."
"No, but I can still investigate." I tell him, pulling away from his touch. "Tell you what, you can sit here and contemplate your next move or you can prove to me that you can be trusted. Then, perhaps, I will find a way to get you to Luna Colette to speak with them."
I take two steps away, still facing
him, before I spin on my heel and break into a sprint, heading toward the noise see a column of smoke through the treetops and I realize that this is the scent I had been following before I ran into Teiran. His flame distracted me, but now that I think back, it had no smoke, no smell. 
What would have happened to me had I missed his little camp? Would I have run into whatever is further in the woods? Is it truly an enemy or one of the groups I came with, or am I overthinking things? There is no doubt the scream was feminine, yet my heart pounds in my ears at the thought that maybe it is Hayes. Or at the very least, maybe he is in trouble with this person?
My foot slips on a root, causing me to twist my ankle and stumble to the side, my shoulder ramming into a tree with a small protruding knot. My skin breaks open the second I hit and I bite back a groan. "Shit." I mumble, clutching my shoulder tight with my opposite hand. Peeking under it briefly to see a blooming of red through my sleeve as blood dribbles down my arm and to the crook of my elbow.
I grit my teeth together as I drop my arm and run again, the red hot pain searing through my ankle and up my calf muscles into my thigh. My arm will heal, but running on an injury like this? I risk it healing this way. Another cry breaks through the air, making me snap into focus. The masculine voice roars in fury, less of a cry the more I listen and more of a warning of what is going to happen.
My skin goose bumps when I determine how close I am. No more than one hundred ahead of me are bodies fighting around a smoky flame that has lost control, burning into the treeline to the right. "Dragons," Teiran says behind me, making me freeze as I look over my shoulder at him.
"I thought you weren't coming?" I snap at him and he shrugs.
"You may be my only chance at getting what I want. What better way to prove I am on your side than to fight next to you?"
I open my mouth to answer but before the words can even be formed, my attention is drawn to a scent mingling with the flame and my heart stutters.
"HAYES!" I hear Marcos roar, "Behind you!"
My eyes find him like a moth to the
light and I take a step forward, my lycan calling me to him. He can't get down intime, his body remains upright as he parries and throws razor-sharp claws with his opponent oblivious to everything around him. At that moment, a blistering blue light whistles in the throat of a smaller squatty dragon. His sights set on my mate's back. 
###Chapter 165
*Hayes*
I spin around as Marcos screams, my eyes growing wide as heat barrels down at me. Instinct tells me to dive, but that deep-seated self hatred grips me, keeping me in place.
I slip my eyes closed, ready to take the full brunt of the flames as my left crunches, a heavy force hammering into me with a growl. The air squeezes from my lungs as I am slammed to the ground roughly, my head bouncing off the soft forest ground. My lycan lets go, releasing me back to my human form as I look up into the eyes of an annoyed redhead. She shoves off of me, a glare pinning me to my spot as I try to get up. Kyra shoves her foot into my chest, pushing me back down to the ground. "You are a liability. Stay the hell down." She hisses before she turns and rushes to help Marcos.
My eyes are glued to her, watching as she uses his body as he falls to his knees, ready to take a hit to the face. Her thin figure leaps up from him, her torso falling back as she approaches legs first, hooking her legs around the asshole's neck.
Kyra's claws come out as she crunches up, taking hold of his neck with both hands and then slips her hand over his jugular on her way to his back. He stumbles, gurgling before he tumbles forward with her on his neck, as if she were at a concert with him trying to get a better look at the artist. Just before he hits, her feet touch the ground, and she runs forward again.
I roll to my belly, forcing myself up and ignoring the pain of the first fight I nearly lost saving Marcos. These dragons are tough assholes, with thick hides and thicker skulls. Marcos stumbles forward, his body battered as I make my way to him, watching Kyra. Or at least a double who looks like Kyra.
"Holy shit. She was holding out on us," Marcos breathes.
"How many were there?" I ask him, counting the bodies on the ground around us, panic rising. "When we showed up, how many were there, Marcos?"
"Five." He says with certainty.
I scan around, seeing only three bodies on the ground and yet, when I count, looks like there are four people fighting.
Kyra lets out a pained cry, her arm folding over her stomach as she takes measured steps around a man twice her size. I lunge toward her, stepping in front of her as the asshole shifts into his dragon form, tearing bared as he growls, shaking the earth beneath our feet. "Why are you so hell bent on dying?" She grits, yanking at my arm as she drags me in the opposite direction. I scan around, looking for anywhere we can hide from the heat that is about to consume us, but there is nothing but the two men fighting in front of us. "TEIRAN!" she screams out.
One man spins, and in the blink of an eye, he sprints toward us, leaping just feet away before he transforms into an enormous beast, breaking trees with his sheer size. Heat erupts around us, Marcos being shoved at us by a massive black tail as I hug Kyra close to my chest and drop down, protecting her.
Her fingers curl into my chest, her forehead pressed to my bare skin, and I feel a sense of calm wash over me. It's as if being near her has revitalized me as my lycan awakes again, ready to fight and not a thought of death on his mind. Kyra being this close to danger again because of me is enough to make me want to tear out my heart.
The moment the heat subsides, I turn to watch the dragon take human form and stand between us and our enemy.
"Enough of this," He demands. "You are not here on the king's orders, you are exiled. I can smell it on you. Which means you have no reason to attack."
"As are you." One of them scoffs.
"We did not attack first." The other growls. "We didn't even use our dragon flame to start our fire to ensure we didn't draw other dragons."
Guilt seeps into me and I clear my throat, rising to my feet unwilling to let go of Kyra who wiggles in my arms for a half attempted escape. I look down at her, those deep eyes meeting mine as my stomach flutters. It would appear I fucked up, royally. Again. A ghost of a spark trickles through me where her fingers push gently and I yank back from her, shaking my head. "What happened?" Kyra asks, and I rub the back of my neck.
"We thought they had you," Marcos admits, a look of shame on his face.
"There was a scream, a feminine one." I swallow. "We felt they may be holding you and torturing you."
"Who was screaming?" The dragon who came to our aid asks the other two. They look at each other and then at the ground.
"We didn't hear anything." They mumble, but I can smell the lie a mile away as I scoff and shake my head. Not that I give a shit. Now that I know Kyra is safe, I couldn't care less about what they are doing in their spare time.
"Liars." Kyra says, looking fierce as
she steps up next to this new man she brought along with her. Marcos shoots me a curious look and I glance away, already annoyed that he is after my best friend. Well, old best friend. But what does this guy mean? Is he just one more person to vie for her attention?
"We don't answer to any of you, especially considering you just killed-"
"Speak true," the other dragon says. "Now, or we will just end you all and move on with our journey."
The two look at each other, whispering back and forth before one shoves the other in annoyance.
"Some guy gave us a girl to...spend time with in exchange for laying a trail." One of them finally says. Kyra's muscles stiffen and I watch her jawline as it flexes, and she looks away in sorrow. "And you used her until she died?" She grits out.
"No, she is alive, she just...escaped
because of these assholes." The stubbier one looks at me and Marcos, and suddenly I find I am pleased we found the wrong camp. Some poor girl is likely alive because of our mistake. And that is a mistake I can live with. 
"What kind of trail?" I ask, stepping forward. "The kind someone with a dragon egg asked you to make?"
They look a little surprised before nodding.
"Yeah."
"When was this?" Kyra asks
"I don't know. The days bleed together out here." He shrugs. "But after the last heavy rain."
"Thank you. That was helpful." The dragon says before he reaches out and snaps one's neck with such force his head seems to only be held on via the flesh on the outside.
The other dragons sprint away, but I
lunge at him, catching his arm as it swings back. I yank hard, forcing his body forward and into my fist as his nose caves in and crunches under my knuckles. A shiver of delight runs through me as the scent of blood hits my nostrils. 
"Wait!" Kyra cries out before I break his neck. I pause, looking up at her. "Where did the girl go?"
"Huh?" the assholes grumbles. I shake him roughly, make him whimper.
"Norff, fa bish wen norff." He slurs through his bloody lips as he tries to breathe.
She gives me a nod, and I quickly snap his neck, dropping his body to the ground before turning to the last remaining dragon. Whether he saved us or not, a dragon is an enemy, especially one who smiles at my girl like that. "And who the fuck is this guy?" I ask in unison with Marcos.
"Teiran. The exiled dragon prince." He answers, giving me a nod as I glare at him.
Of course she went and found a fucking prince.
###Chapter 166
"Exiled or not, I don't trust you." I tell him plainly. He nods in understanding, looking over at Kyra, who gives him an arched brow and a smirk. What, they have inside jokes already?
"I told you." She says quietly, causing me to drag my tongue over my teeth, trying my hardest not to snap at them.
"Where did you come from?" Marcos asks, sounding just as annoyed as I feel. A small flutter of amusement floats through me as I look at Teiran for his answer.
"I live on the road." He shrugs, "I happened to be camping nearby-"
"He is searching for Ezrah, too." Kyra says, cutting him off.
Teiran watches her closely but doesn't say anything to negate what she says as I narrow my eyes.
"So he is searching for the egg..." I say, leading them for more answers.
"Yes." He says, "But not for the reason you think. I have my own motives, but I assure you I want to work with you."
I recall the many times Colette would try to speak to me, fill me in on her stories about when she was saved from within the dragon's lair. She trusted Teiran once, the fallen heir who distrusted Giselle.
But that doesn't mean in these two years that his allegiance has changed completely. Where Colette found it easy to discern who to trust, I find I don't have it in me to even try it.
"You trust him?" I sigh, pinching the bridge of my nose between my eyes. My body is tired, weakened from sprinting and fighting and my mental guard is down from seeing her safe. "I think so." She says. I bark a soft laugh as I shake my head.
"I don't have it in me to argue with you right now."
"Uh, I don't trust him." Marcos chimes in, "Does my opinion matter for anything?"
"Not really." I tell him truthfully, shooting him a smirk as he rolls his eyes and throws his hands up in defeat.
"We can discuss it with Koda, Dean, and Nisha when we get back." I say, walking away, searching the ground for the remnants of some type of clothing.
"If we head back through my camp, I have extra pants." Teiran says before looking at Kyra. "And shirts."
I can't stop the growl as it rumbles through my chest. My protective eyes narrowed on him as he looks at me with a blank expression, but I swear I see a twitch at the corner of his lips.
"Lead the way." I give in. Deciding getting clothing on everyone is probably for the best. At least, for my sanity, when it comes to both Marcos and Teiran sneaking the occasional look at Kyra's smooth, toned body.
His camp isn't too far from where we were and I look around, wondering how the hell we missed this as we sprinted through the forest looking for Kyra. Was my fear for her that imminent that I couldn't even focus on searching clearly?
I mean, I had run right past her and what if she had needed me? What if Teiran had tried something and I just...sprinted past her as she needed me? I need to do better, be better if I want to keep her safe.
Teiran tosses me some gym shorts, dealing out clothing to the rest as I slip my feet through and tug them to my waist. I take a second to close my eyes and appreciate a pair of clothing that fits right. He grabs his bag, uttering a few words as the dim, smokeless, fire extinguishes.
"Ready?" He says looking around and I nod.
"You two walk ahead, I want to speak to Kyra." I say, pinning her in place with my scowl. She exhales, stalking toward me like a kid that got caught sneaking out at night.
"I don't really know where I am going." Teiran reminds me and Marcos puts his hand up to get attention.
"Yeah, I'm a little turned around." He says, grinning. I groan, clenching my jaw before I point in the direction our camp is, my eyes glowering at him.
"Just keep walking that way." I grit out. "We will be right behind you."
Marcos sneers but he does as he is
told, Teiran giving Kyra one last look before he drops his head and follows along with Marcos. Kyra takes two steps to follow them as my hand lifts, pressing into her toned stomach, her heat radiating through the fabric of her shirt, as I stop her. 
"We need to stay close," she says, her gaze focused on my hand.
"Worried you won't be able to track them?" I ask, which earns me a scowl, her freckled face turning red as she grinds her teeth.
"What do you want to talk about?" She asks, reaching down and shoving my hand off of her as she takes a step, putting space between us. My body wants to move with hers, the draw of being near her taking over my senses as I stare at her. "You don't just find strangers and invite them to join us." I tell her, shaking my head, forcing the scent of her from my mind.
"Yeah, well, you don't exactly invite people you know well, either." She says, jutting her head to the side to nail home the sass she is giving me.
I chuckle, dragging my hand over my face. She is driving me completely nuts. One minute I am ready to end my life and the next...damn it, the next I am ready to live my life arguing with her just to see those cheeks grow pink.
"I don't trust him." I say, reminding myself to focus on the task at hand. Teiran, the big dragon dick who just wooed Kyra into letting him join us.
"Well I do," she shrugs.
"What, you find a hot dragon in the woods and suddenly you forget they are our enemy? They killed Tyler." Her eyes narrow and she drops her arms to her side, her tongue pressing to the side of her mouth as she chuckles quietly at my words.
"Go fuck yourself, Hayes." She says,
her voice soft, as if she is too tired to
argue. "Not every dragon is bad, just like not every lycan is good. I am choosing to trust him because we need him. How else do you intend to get the egg from Ezrah? He beat your brother. Did you forget that?" 
"Merikh gave it up!" I hiss at her. "You don't know what happened, clearly, because you act like he fought to the death for it. He gave the egg up-"
"For his mate. For Colette, the mother of his children." She scoffs, her brows pulling together. "Is that why you are mad at him? You blame him for choosing her?"
"The point is, I don't trust Teiran. Anything else we don't need to discuss?" I grumble.
"And I don't trust you." She says, looking me dead in the eye.
Anger burns at my throat, my fingers flexing as I look away from her and breathe deeply, trying to calm myself. She doesn't trust me? Of all the fucking people she can choose to trust, I am the one she doesn't trust? My lycan growl restless, annoyance trickling from him to me as I take a menacing step into her. 
"You don't trust me?" I whisper, unable to control the anger in my voice.
"Not completely." She says, tilting her chin up to meet my glare.
"Is it because of how things ended between us years ago?" I ask, a shiver running through me as I reach out and touch her cheek.
Her hand reaches up, grabbing hold of my thumb as she drags it away from her face. Sparks tickle through my hand and I bite back a gasp.
"No, it's that I have had to save you twice now to keep you from dying."
I shrug, gripping onto her hand.
"Maybe I'm just a shitty fighter and swimmer?" I tease, and she frowns.
"I can't trust you with yourself. How can I trust you won't give up right before I need you?" She whispers. "Should I have to die because you don't care about living? Are we not worth living for?"
My heart is pounding loudly in my ears as I take my other hand and gently cup her cheek, those same sparks jumping out at me as my mouth falls open.
Mate. My mate. All feeling aside from awe and desire flees and all I can hear is my lycan whimpering in excitement.
"You might be worth living for..." I murmur, scanning every part of her face as if I am seeing her, truly, for the first time. Is she really mine?
###Chapter 167
*Kyra*
I scoff, giving Hayes' chest a gentle shove. How long have I waited for him to want me? How long did I grieve and now he thinks his words, his empty, useless words, are going to what? Make me swoon? My lycan craves him. Hell, all of me wants him. But I refuse to be
used again other than what my alpha has asked of me.
"Wow, you really know how to make a girl weak in the knees." I tell him, and he frowns.
His hand extends out like he might try to touch me again, but he stops, making a fist before he exhales and looks away.
"I'm not trying to make you weak in the knees." He says, his tone flat and expressionless.
"I don't want to be your reason to live, Hayes." I tell him honestly. "What I want is for you to stop almost getting yourself killed."
"Because you are worried about potentially dying if I don't try my hardest?" He asks.
I have lots of reasons why I don't want this dense beta to just stop trying and die. But what I also have is a little bit of pride and I refuse to tell him it is because I care about him. What I need is for him to keep his distance and stop touching me so I can think straight. "Something like that, now. Can we go?" I ask, motioning to where the other two have disappeared.
"No." He grits out. "I do not want that dragon in my camp."
"Then Teiran and I will go on our own." I shrug, as if leaving Hayes wouldn't be the hardest thing to do right now. Not when I can't trust that he won't just up and die.
"Over my dead body," He grinds out, taking a step toward me.
"Oh? See, so willing to die and unwilling to cooperate." I tut at him, waving my finger in his face as if telling him no. "Teiran and I are a package deal."
He roars in laughter, throwing his head back as if I have told him the funniest joke he has ever heard.
"You go where I go, end of conversation," he finally says after a few moments of shaking his head with an amused grin.
"Then I guess we are a trio." I smile at him sweetly.
"Kyra..." He growls low, his eyes meeting mine, all his emotions unmasked as he captures my full attention.
I swear I can see into his soul. The torment he lives in and the way he looks at me makes my mouth go dry. Instantly I am flushed, my lungs screaming for air and my heart so loud in my ears that when his mouth moves I can hear nothing but the pattering away. "W-what?" I ask, licking my dry lips as I blink and break from his intoxicating hold.
"You stay next to me. You will never be alone with him or anyone else. I say we can not trust. Is that understood?" His entire presence is intimidating, the glint in his eyes informing me he isn't messing around this time. So instead of provoking him anymore than I already have, I swallow roughly and nod my understanding.
He struts past me, looking over his shoulder when I don't follow closely, and he arches a brow.
"We are done talking now." He says, pausing when I don't move, standing frozen in silence. I have more things I want to say, things I want to do now that I see he is okay when earlier I was so damn worried. "Do you plan on fighting me the entire way?"
His shoulders slump a little, his intimidation tactic slowing as he turns around to face me.
"No. It is exhausting fighting with you." I admit. He smirks.
"So no more smart ass comments and bickering?" He asks, and I snort a laugh.
"Not a chance." I smile, a genuine one that makes my eyes squint as I walk to his side. He gives me a gentle elbow and I wince in pain, my shoulder still sore from that damn tree, but at least my ankle seems to be happier now.
"How badly did you hurt your arm?" He asks, concerned.
"It was a deep cut, but I also messed up my ankle, which seems to be healed already." I tell him, looking down at my dirt riddled leg, a shiver running through me. A shower would be extremely nice about now.
"It's healed already?" He asks, sounding shocked.
"Yep." I nod before I pull my bloody sleeve up and look at my bruised skin. A long pink jagged line runs through the deep purple and green bruise. "Looking much better here, too."
"Have you always healed this fast?" Hayes asks, tilting his head to the side in thought. I don't have the heart to tell him it is because I am near my second chance mate. That his presence is what is making my lycan work in overdrive to fix my injuries. "I don't think I have ever actually timed it," I chuckle, trying to brush it off and drop the subject.
"Mmm," He hums in thought, looking
at me curiously as we walk. The silence is almost worse than the talking of the looks he keeps giving me. The tension with just being close enough but yet too far away feels like it is tearing at the seams of my sanity. 
I was hoping adding Teiran to the mix would at least get me time away from Hayes. Less time for this mate bond to grow stronger and more unbearable. The sex was a mistake, in every way possible only working against me emotionally and physically. 
"Thank you." He whispers, after a long stretch, Teiran and Marcos now insight as they continually look back to keep tabs on us.
"For what? Agreeing to be nicer to you?" I tease, trying to break the tension. Hayes shakes his head and exhales through his pursed lips.
"No, for saving me." He says and I squawk in shock and dry chuckle breaking from my lips.
"Well, I'll be damned. Mr. 'Let me die' is happy I saved him?"
He glares at me.
"I just said thank you. Let's not get too carried away." He grumbles.
"Okay, okay." I say, smiling. "I suppose I can take it for what it is. And you are welcome, Hayes. It was my pleasure to be your knight in shining armor."
He laughs lightly, shaking his head.
"More like chaos in freckles,"
"You can make jabs all you want, but you can't take this win from me," I beam at him, the tension evaporating and the pressure of trying to keep a wall up falling away.
This feels like home, like how things were before the world went to hell and our souls were tattered. The fun little banter that wasn't meant to sting or hurt, but bring laughter and lightness to the air.
"Yeah, yeah." He grins, rubbing the back of his neck before he pauses and lowers his hand, looking at it as if he forgot he was disfigured. His demeanor changes in a heartbeat, the smile wiped from his face and he clears his throat.
"It's good to know you are still in there." I say, giving him an encouraging smile. And I mean it, seeing him like this a breath of fresh air, "Even if you look like a mess on the outside."
He blinks at me as I toss him a wink and that childlike shimmer in his eyes comes back for a moment.
"Kind of a dick move to call someone disfigured a mess," he says as I shrug, unmarred by his words.
"Friends are honest with each other." I remind him and he slows down. A look of disbelief and hope morphing his face to something softer, less harsh, even with his scars.
"You think we are friends?" He asks, his voice a hoarse whisper.
"If we are going to be next to each other until all of this is over, it will be easier to be friends." Tell him. His eyes narrow and his lips press together in thought.
"So we are only friends for now, for the sake of this mission?" He asks, sounding disappointed.
"No." I exhale. "We can be real friends. Friends with barriers." and walls, and tall barricaded gates that keep me from touching him. He blinks slowly and then moves a step closer, his hand brushing mine as we walk for a minute. "Are you friend zoning me, Kyra?" He asks, as we approach the bickering Marcos and Teiran in front of us.
"Hell yes I am," I say, flashing him a victorious smile. "And there is nothing you can do about it."
He frowns, his mouth falling open like he might protest, but he thinks better about it and closes his mouth. Then he grabs my hand, forcing me to stop as the sparks from the mate bond dance over my skin, forcing a shudder from my body. "Not even when I do this?" He whispers, his thumb stroking over the top of my hand as he gazes into my eyes so intensely I am forced to look away.
"Especially when you do that," I say, extracting my hand from his. "Friends don't hold hands."
"Even when there is something there?" He asks, seeming almost frantic.
""Like what?"
"Sparks?" He whispers, licking his lips. "The kind that are life changing. Do you feel anything?"
My skin goosebumps, the air
growing thin as I feel like I might
faint. Is he saying that he feels them too? Does Hayes finally feel the mate bond? My chest rises and falls and + clear my throat and glance around, rubbing my sweat palms over my shirt. 
"Sparks? No." I lie looking him right in the eyes. "Uncomfortable, yes."
###Chapter 168
Everyone sits and stares at Teiran, Nisha's eyes sizing him up with unbridled curiosity. Dean clears his throat, waiting for Hayes to say something, anything. But he doesn't. Instead, he stands and turns to walk away. "Hayes," Koda hisses, causing Hayes to stop, look over his shoulder uninterested, and then he walks off.
"I'll take the first watch," he mutters.
"I am Teiran." The dragon heir says. Nisha slaps at Koda, her eyes wide.
"I told you he looks familiar," she hisses at him.
"And how do you know him?" He asks, sounding bored.
"He is the dragon king's kid." She grits out. Koda sits up straighter, his mouth falling open as he looks at me, a grimace on my face as I try to hide my face.
"He is what?" Dean screeches.
"Calm down, they exiled him," Marcos says in Teiran's defense and I feel a twitch at my lip, amused that suddenly Marcos is defending him, even if it is minimal. "Disowned really."
"That doesn't matter," Koda scoffs. "If he looks like a dragon and smells like a dragon, then he is the enemy."
"Do I look like a dragon just sitting here?" Teiran asks, and Koda frowns.
"He means you are big," Nisha tries to explain.
"He is here because I asked him to help us." I say, cutting the chit chat short. "Yes, he is the dragon king's son, yes he was exiled and yes, I do trust him. At least enough to trust that we are not his enemy." "Did you stop to consider that maybe he is our enemy?" Koda groans. "And Hayes agreed to this?"
He suddenly stands, throwing his hands up in anger before he chuckles to himself and he sneers at me.
"Yes, Hayes agreed. Teiran and I saved Hayes and Marcos. He had no problem killing his own kind to keep us safe." I snap at him as I jump up too, rolling my shoulders back.
"You two saved Marcos and Hayes?" Nisha repeats, her tone mocking as she rolls her eyes.
"Yes." Teiran interjects. "It seems your leader has a desire for death,"
Everyone falls silent. Dean looks down at his hands and Koda looks away, clearing his throat. We all know about Hayes' wish for death, the oath his brother made him take. There is no room for arguing with anyone about that. "I'm going to go sit with Hayes," Dean says, getting up and walking off.
"Teiran, you should get some rest." I give him a half smile and he nods, clearing his throat before he lays down, and turns his back to the flames.
"Looks like you have a pet dog," Nisha teases, a giddy grin on her face as she looks at an angry Koda who scowls at me.
"I am no one's pet, and I am least of all a dog." Teiran bites out from his spot.
"Enough." I exhale, my fingers pinching the bridge of my nose. The last thing I need is more arguing over moot points. My body is exhausted and muscles are sore. "I am going to get some sleep while I can."
I find a spot near the fire, my body shivering as I lay in the dewy grass, the moisture leaching through my clothing. Sleep, like always, eludes me no matter how long I lay counting the breaths. I roll onto my back, my hand over my stomach as I watch the stars. Hayes had to feel it. Why else would he bring up sparks, and them being important? I shouldn't have denied it, but the fear of what he will do if I say yes made it feel impossible to say anything else. Would he have denied me on the spot, or would it be saving his life to admit it and ask him to accept me?
Not that I want him to. He is kind of a pompous ass who brings out the bitter, kind of annoying, bitchy part of me. But he is Hayes, my Hayes. The same guy who would make even the darkest days feel like there was light. He could take any terrible ordeal and use his words to make me think about it differently.
Hayes made me a good person. No, he made me want to be a better person, even after I left, hell even after meeting Tyler. I would remind myself to think ively like Hayes would and yet, when I am around him, it is hard to think at all aside from wanting to smack him or kiss him silly.
I groan quietly, pressing my palms to
the lids of my eyes. Why did everything have to spiral out of control when I need it the most? My stupid, bond driven lycan wants to be curted up with Hayes, to be accepted. But Hayes and I...we are not in the place to love anyone. More so him than me, and the last thing we need is a sex driven
situationship. 
"Can't sleep?" I hear a soft whisper and look around my hands to see the outline of Hayes as he takes a seat next to me.
"Not uncommon," I admit, and he nods.
"Yeah, I know the feeling. Might be part of why I am such an asshole." He gives me a soft grin and I chuckle.
"Or that could just be natural?" I tease.
Hayes' lips twitch, catching my attention, my heart racing at just being next to him. Down, lycan, down. Last thing I need is to get caught staring at his plush, upturned kissabte lips. He might get the fight idea. That I want to smash my lips to his and leap into his arms. I don't want sex; I don't want to be
marked...I want to be loved. By him. 
"How can I help you sleep?" He asks, reaching out a hand to help me sit up.
"Have a spare mattress with fluffy blankets in any of these bags?" I ask him with an arched brow.
"You know, funny you should mention that..." He grins widely, hooking his thumb over his shoulder like he might actually try to play it off like he has one.
"Oh shut up," I roll my eyes, a laugh tumbling from my lips as I shake my head, playing with my fingers. My stomach is fluttering and my cheeks feel red. It feels like I am a teenager all over again, flirting with the boy I like. Ironically, it's the same damn boy. "You could always use me," He winks and I frown at him before I look away and tuck my hair behind my ear.
"I didn't mean like... That came out wrong." He scrambles to fix what he said, but I realize he is struggling between his two personalities. The one I knew and loved and the current broken and angry version.
"It's fine Hayes." I mutter before I clear my throat. "Don't take this the wrong way. Sometimes I enjoy picking on you and bickering, but can we keep the sexual things to a minimum?"
"Of course," he says, looking away.
The fire highlights his cheeks, showcasing the smooth burns that weave over his skin, up his neck and to his cheek and temple. The shadows play in the grooves of where his skin will never heal and I can't help but need to touch it, to make it feel better even if he can feel nothing there.
I rise onto my knees, leaning forward as my fingers gingerly reach out and touch his delicate skin. He stiffens, his muscles working in his neck and jaw as they clench.
Hayes doesn't stop me as I inch closer, getting a better look, tilting my head from side to side as I trace a muscle line down his cheek, across his chin and down toward his collarbone. The normal skin around it goosebumps with my touch as I slip my hand over his cheek and turn him to face me. Our eyes meet, my breathing hitches.
There he is. This beautiful man is
both broken and perfect at the same time. A soul that I wanted
desperately to match mine now finally fit. I don't know how I know it, but I can sense it. A wave of
There is no letting him reject me. I won't survive it. Just like ?won't survive him killing himself.
understanding washing over CEL
"Grossed out?" He breathes, but I know he is sensing a shift between us too, something bigger than the quick sex. This is more intimate, life changing.
"You are so handsome." I tell him truthfully. "Scars and all. So perfect."
His chest heaves up and down as he watches me close before he reaches up and takes my hand from his face. He lifts my palm to his lips, pressing a soft kiss there before giving me a sad smile.
"You are a much better liar than you used to be," He murmurs. "Try to get some sleep."
Then he clears his throat before he stands. "When you feel those sparks, let me know so we can take care of them."
###Chapter 169
*Hayes*
Dean frowns, a heavy sigh escaping him as he places his hands on his hips and weighs what I have told him.
"And you think it's a good idea?" He asks, finally looking up.
"No, but I think it's our best option." I admit. "Is it ideal? No, not at all, but I'm trusting my instincts here."
He smirks, his cheek dimpling as he tries to hold back a chuckle.
"Forgive me for saying this, Hayes, but since I have known you, all your instincts have done is find us in fights, almost dying."
"That was anger. This is logic. It's obvious that what we have been doing isn't working, so we need to pivot. Find a better angle, a better plan, and I think this is the way to go." I admit. "Look, I know trust is hard past a certain extent with me. But if you could just afford me a little grace here, it would help—"
"I trust you." He says, cutting me off, the skin around his eyes wrinkling as his brows furrow. "What I need to know is that you can trust yourself."
My lips press together, and I look away, my gaze drifting to Kyra where she stands and stretches as the others wake everyone up. Can I trust myself when I don't even know what the hell to do about her? About this disgusting spring of hope flowing in my gut? I want her; I want a life with her, all the while knowing I deserve no such thing and I can't ever have it.
"That will be something I have to figure out along the way."
"Hmm," Dean mulls in thought, and I cross my arms over my chest, watching him.
"Hmm what?" I ask, and he looks at the others.
"You should at least take Marcos with you." He exhales. "Four is better than one."
"Marcos is a great fighter, but he will only cause tension. We already have tons of that with taking the dragon with us."
"Yo! You guys ready?" Koda hollers over to us. I give Dean a firm nod and he gives me a weak smile.
"Well, I guess if all goes well, we will see you soon enough." He reaches out for my hand as I slap mine into his, seizing it in a firm grip.
"You will see me soon. Just make sure you stick to the plan, okay? No letting people wander off and search for us." I say firmly. "Marcos will not follow you guys."
"Good. When you see my brother..." I pause, swallowing the roughness in my throat, "Tell him I hope to see him soon."
His eyes widen, but instead of asking questions, he nods his head.
"Sure thing."
I reach down near my feet, swooping up two bags, mine and the one I prepared for Kyra. As I stride over to her, my heart thuds like a drum before going into war. I am putting my faith in her and her dragon friend to find Ezrah and get what we need. Knowing what I know now, I realize that the mission of just simply finding the egg is truly just the beginning of the journey.
"You two come with me." I say, walking past them and into the woods.
Dean calls the others with him, the two of us agreeing it would be much faster with a lot less bitching if we just separate and explain to our group the plan. Kyra and Teiran don't utter a word, the two just following until we have walked far enough that Kyra clearly grows curious as she slides up next to me. My lip twitches up into a soft smile, a weird sense of excitement growing in my stomach.
"Yes?" I say, feigning annoyance.
"Just curious what the plan is." She shrugs like she isn't interested.
"We walk this way until you pick up a scent or see something." I shrug and she cranes her head to look at me.
"And the others are hanging out at camp?" She asks, her eyes narrowing as she picks on the fact I am not being exactly forthcoming with all the information I have.
I come to a stop, turning to face her as Teiran walks up to us.
"We will find Ezrah on our own from
now on. The others have gone to inform Merikh and Colette of who
we have found and hopefully semet
what they think of our
new..parasite." I say, looking right at him. 
Teiran seems amused by my comment, but he says nothing, only nodding his understanding.
"You think that all of us will be able to take on Ezrah?" She asks, shocked.
"No. I think Teiran and I will be able to take him on while you get the egg."
She scoffs, looking away before she looks at the ground, her tongue pressing against her inner cheek as she tries to find patience.
"You want me to steal the egg and run off and leave you two to fight a Fae?"
"I have fought many Fae." Teiran says, his tone flat and unoffended.
"See? Between the two of us, one has fought fae before. It will be fine." I tease her and she glares at me, then her tongue darts out and licks her lip, wetting the plump rosy flesh. My lycan stirs, wanting to come forward and take her and yank her to me and claim her. But that's not something we will do, or can do. 
"Hah, Hah." She barks out a fake laugh. "So happy you found a sense of humor now."
"You are the one who wanted to split up. This was kind of your idea if you think about it."
"Great. You get yourself killed and I get the blame for it. How quant for me." She mutters, stalking off.
"How does this plan mean he will die?" Teiran asks, giving me a bemused look before following after her.
"I need quiet, Teiran, if I am supposed to be finding a trail." She hollers up to the sky, so she doesn't have to look at us.
"Probably shouldn't be yelling then." I call out to her and I hear her grunt before she shoots me an annoyed scowl.
"I liked you better when you were mean." She hisses, then turns around, stepping to the left and into the trees.
"She said she didn't get much sleep last night. I assume that is where this temper comes from," Terian says, his eyes wide, looking a little shocked by her change in mood. "That and she is hungry. And thirsty." I exhale.
"Mmm, the trifecta." He muses. "Do we have anything for her?"
"Yes. I do." I say, holding up the spare bag I packed especially for her.
"Do you plan to give it to her?" He asks, quirking a brow. "Or are you going to wait for her to realize she needs a snack?"
I snort, shouldering both straps to our bags and pat them gently with a grin on my face.
"She's a big girl. She can tell us when she is hungry or needs a drink." Then I walk with him chuckling behind me.
"One would think you two are in love." Teiran says more to himself than to me, so I don't respond. I don't dare hope to think love can exist between Kyra and me again.
This mate bond is here, thriving and
Her
pulling me in but I know all too well that a mate bond isn't instant love. That is part of my pain over Leandra. Knowing her, wanting her but yet having the chance to truly love the way she deserved. And giving that opportunity to anyone else... it feels like a dishonor to her memory. 
"Hey!" Kyra hisses under her breath, breaking through my inner thoughts, snapping her fingers frantically. "Get over here. I found blood."
###Chapter 170
"He is baiting us." Teiran gruffs, looking around for something more than the few droplets that linger on the ground.
"Or it's someone else." I mutter, focused on the way the blood seems different. Pinker, almost like paint from the store in shades lighter than blood red.
"Both of you are wrong," Kyra murmurs in thought, scooping up a leaf with some of it on it as she brings it closer to her nose and sniffs.
"And what makes you think that?" Teiran asks, walking over to her.
"There is fur in it," she explains, but he huffs in disagreement.
"The fur could have happened before or after the blood was here." He parries.
Kyra shrugs, her smooth locks falling over her shoulder and swinging toward her face as she looks carefully at what's in her hand.
"I suppose that could be true, too. But this blood smells like a deer.
"Then why is it pink?" He frowns and I grin. It feels nice to know a little more about this than others.
"It's from the lungs. It's more oxygenated and therefore looks more pink than red. Do you not hunt deer very often?"
Teiran looks at me with a blank stare, "We don't hunt our deer the same way you do."
"Right," I mumble, remembering he is a big ass dragon under that human skin. He probably doesn't have to chase and tackle, but does more swooping and swallowing.
"Are you sure it is a deer?" He asks, as Kyra stands and walks further from us.
We follow her, watching as she processes everything in her head, her eyes focused and her mind unable to hear anything we are saying now. Until she stops and places her hands on her hips.
"I am positive." She says, looking back at us and then nodding forward to where a dead deer hangs, partially butchered.
"Ezrah?" I ask, moving closer, looking at the jagged cuts closer.
"Most likely," Kyra says.
"Well, at least we can salvage what he left." Teiran says, moving closer and proceeding to process the rest of the deer.
I can see Kyra already moving forward in her head, her eyes scanning the different ways Ezrah could have potentially gone. She moves forward, passing the deer and stepping into a tiny clearing where she places her hands on her hips and sucks in her bottom lip, chewing on it intensely.
I want to follow her, like a shadow forever attached to her but always beneath her, but it feels somehow invasive to see her like this, in a way I have never known her to be.
This is the version Tyler knew, the version he helped to shape, and that she loves so much. It feels wrong to admire her for it and yet...her focus is adorable and her commitment admirable.
"You follow her and see what else you two may find, then come back for me." Teiran says from behind me. "There is enough meat here that we can turn it into jerky and have supplies for some time."
"Are you sure?" I ask him and he snorts a laugh.
"I have been out here on my own for a long time." He responds and I smirk.
"I mean, are you sure you know what you are doing? Because it looks to me like you are cutting that deer like a novice." I wince as he just takes chunks out of the veal.
"Meat is meat, no matter how it is cut." He says, looking mildly confused. "Now go before she leaves you."
His eyes look at where Kyra was moments before, but now there is nothing but a hint of her scent left behind. I follow it, weaving through trees until I see her. Her fingers touch various trees before she swoops down, touching the mossy ground. Then she drops to her knees and listens to the ground, popping up with a disappointed frown.
I see it before she does, the quick movement under the trees on the opposite side. My eyes stuck on the thing as it darts around, before stopping and standing at the edge of the light that shines through the trees.
I stride to Kyra, coming up next to her, my hand sliding up her lower back to alert her to my presence. She shakes her head out of a daze, then blinks at me, a curious shimmer in her eyes.
"We have an audience." I whisper to her, only for there to be a chuckle that echoes through the trees.
"It's not Ezrah." She tells me, her head tilting to the side.
"No, it's not." I agree.
""You look scared." A feminine voice calls out.
That draws a cocky smile from me as I chuckle low in my chest.
"You misinterpret my wariness for fear. I don't often get scared, and most certainly not when it is someone of your kind." I tell her, which makes Kyra look up at me curiously.
"Was that you who killed the deer?" I ask, though have the feeling this will offend the wood fae. She steps forward, her blond hair reflecting the sun with flowers strung throughout it. Her cheeks are red with fury as she clenches her fist. 
"I would never do such a thing." She hisses. "That bastard did it, so I scared him off."
"What bastard?" Kyra asks, taking a step closer. "Can you tell me which way he went?"
"Do you know him?" The blonde elf narrows her eyes, her teeth grinding together. I can see the trees as they move, almost quivering with her in her growing anger.
"We are hunting him." I say, placing my hands up. "He is our enemy and the reason the war has not ended."
"The war?" She blinks. "What war?"
"The one with the dragons and the lycans..." Kyra says, confused, as she slides a weird look at me.
Her forehead wrinkles and her nose crinkles. "Is that why there are so many of them around? Of those big men?"
"You have seen a lot around?" I ask her. Shit, if she has seen a lot, then there is a chance we will find ourselves fighting more of them. Which will slow us down and likely mean injuries in some way for all of us. "Well, in the past year, I have. And just in the last three days I saw a huge group and then a little bit ago-"
"Where did the man who killed the deer go?" Kyra asks, moving back to the original subject.
"You mean the messenger fae?" She asks, crossing her arms over her chest. "I don't understand why he had to kill an innocent animal. He has the speed to get to any realm he needs for food. Stupid, selfish messengers." 
"Which way did he go?" She nearly shouts, making the girl jolt and blink.
"I apologize for her tone," I say sweetly, flashing her a bright smile. "We have been tracking him for some time."
I shoot Kyra a warning look as she rolls her eyes, clearly unrelenting in her hunt for Ezrah.
"He went that way. She says pointing over her shoulder, but then he cut to the west, I lost him there."
"Shit." Kyra mutters, looking back. "We should go get Teiran quickly and head that way. I don't want to lose him anymore than we have."
"Who is Teiran?" The girl asks, suddenly looking a little nervous.
"Why?" I ask her, sensing something is wrong in the change in her demeanor.
"Is he the one with my friend? Cutting away at her dead carcass?" She asks sweetly and I watch Kyra's face grow white.
"What the hell did you do to him?" She hisses, turning and sprinting back toward where we left him.
"Shit," I mutter, turning and following along behind her.
"Teiran!" she screams, breaking through branches that claw and yank at her loose hair. "TEIRAN!"
No one answers as we grow closer. Kyra doesn't spare me a glance as she comes back to where the deer had been. The meat that Teiran had cut off lay on the ground next to his bag as I spin in a circle looking for him. "I punished him." The wood fae says from behind us, coming to a halt.
"Where is he?" I ask her, anger rising. She cowers under my rage and points up to the top of a tree where an unconscious Teiran hangs with a branch through his shoulder, blood dripping down his hanging body.
The image hits me in the gut, a sick reminder of what happened to Leandra, the way she was tortured, images of trees erupting through her chest as she was skewered onto the branches.
I fall to my knees, bile rising as I find
myself stuck in the memory, unable to separate reality from this nightmare. It feels like the world is caving in, my lungs burning and my heart about to explode as Kyra argues with the woman and slip further into the darkness 
###Chapter 171
*Kyra*
"Oh fuck. No, no, no!" Hayes mutters behind me as I rush toward Teiran. My legs feel weak and my arms shaky as I try to climb the tree to get him down.
"Leave him!" The wood fae screams, but I ignore her. What she doesn't know is that once I am done getting Terian freed, I am going to tear her throat out. "I said to leave him!"
"You can go get fucked, you tree humper!" I growl at her. She scoffs and then chuckles, breaking into a manic laugh.
The branches start to bend and twist under me, my feet losing their footing as I fall, crashing into the ground with bruising force. Pain radiates up my thigh as I shove off the ground, sprinting toward Teiran, reaching up and swinging off the lowest branches, launching myself up as I grip the next one.
Teiran groans, turning his head to look at me as he tries to breathe. He is in rough shape, and if I don't get him down soon, he won't heal the right way. Shit. I grit my teeth, jumping onto a branch that sways out, my fingers gripping the moving bark. As I try to use it to move myself closer.
Instead, it consumes my hand, growing around it and gripping me tight as my fingers crunch.
"Agh!" I grit out, as something wraps around my ankle and pulls on me. Twisting me upside down as I try to fight against the restraints.
"Hayes!" I cry out, looking for him to see if he, too, is trapped. Instead, I am shocked to see him on his hands and knees, struggling to breathe. The wood Fae must have hurt him somehow and my heart aches knowing he is in pain. "If you hurt him, I swear I will—” "Why would I hurt him?" She asks innocently, tilting her head as she looks at him. "I don't want to hurt you, but you insist on fighting me for that man's punishment."
My brows furrows in confusion, my eyes stuck on Hayes as he seems to have some sort of meltdown. He groans, holding his head as he grimaces, His eyes unfocused as if he is lost. My eyes slide to Teiran, who continues to bleed from the branch through his shoulder. "What the fuck do you want?" I grit out. She frowns, shaking her head as if she is a parent disappointed in her child.
"Did we not already discuss this?" She asks, titling her head.
"Yes! We told you we didn't fucking do it!" I screech.
"But you planned to eat her." She says low, her eyes growing dark and her lip sneering. "Leaving nothing left for me to return to the earth."
"I wished only to honor her death by making use of her instead of letting her go to waste." Teiran says, barely audible.
"That doesn't make sense." She scoffs, throwing her hands up. "Both your kinds just kill, and maim and devour. All you do is fight, mate, and kill."
I cry out in pain as the branches tighten over my ankle and hand, my fingers snapping as my muscles quiver and I try to fight the tears. This is why I hate the Fae. All of them are so high and mighty thinking since they live so long, they have a better understanding of life. "No," Hayes mutters, pushing back onto his knees, his eyes finding me, but he isn't in the present. I can see the ache in him, the way he is locked in the past, in a memory of what has happened. Hayes is having a mental breakdown, a trauma response.
"You need to let me down," I whisper, watching the pain in his eyes turn to murder as he slowly rises to his feet.
Hayes is not there as his lycan takes over, his body creaking and cracking with violent force as he lowers his chin and growls at her. I watch the fear in her eyes as her mouth falls open. Fae are strong with magic, but like us, they grow tired from overuse, growing weaker with each time they do too much. And she has done too much.
"Let us down now, or he will kill you." I hiss as she takes a step back.
Hayes lunges forward, letting out a feral howl as she drops to the ground, her hands sinking into the dirt as roots rise and twist around her, creating a barrier just as Hayes tears into her. He snaps his teeth, his claws striking all over, bark flying and green fresh roots exposed. 
Ever so gently, I am released along with Teiran. The moment my feet touch the ground, I rush to Hayes in order to stop him. As much of an ill-informed brat as this fae is, she will be useful in trying to locate Ezrah. Or even in immobilizing him. "Kyra, don't." Teiran whispers, his eyes filled with concern as he sits on the ground gripping his bleeding shoulder.
"Hayes," I whisper, clutching my injured hand to my stomach as I reach out to him.
I hesitate for a moment as fear comes over me. What if he doesn't recognize me? What if he thinks I am the enemy, or he is in such a rage he can't be controlled? Just as I reach out again, my fingers shaking, someone grabs me from behind and pulls me away. "Hayes will kill you. He is out of his mind," Teiran growls, his eyes dark as he looks down at me, something undistinguishable in them as he holds onto me.
"He won't," I say, exhaling. "Just trust me, okay?"
"It isn't trust in you I lack." He says,
taking us a few steps back as Hayes rears his head back and roars, his hand breaking through the roots as the woman shrieks in fear. "He is not in his right mind. Hell, I don't even think he is in our year at the moment." 
"His mate was murdered this way." I whisper. "He couldn't save her, so I have to save him from this memory,"
"Let me try. I can hold him down until he comes back to us. In my dragon form-"
"He is my mate, Teiran," I grit out. "Okay? We are second chance mates, so I am the only one who can help him."
He frowns and shakes his head. "Or the only one who can make it worse."
But I step away from him,
determined to stop this. It has nothing to do with the Fae at this point. Right now, I need to rescue Hayes from the place in his mind. He seems to be trapped. No one should have to live through what he did, let alone twice. Even if it hurts me, I have to at least try to release him from the hell he must be currently living in. 
I rush up to him, shoving at his side hard, pain burning up my arm from the force as he stumbles and shakes his head. He looks at me, his muzzle bloody and splintered as his chest heaves up and down.
"Come back to me, Hayes." I whisper, taking a cautious step toward him. He snorts, shaking his enormous head from side to side, stepping back. "It's just a memory, okay?"
He blinks, tilting his head as he looks at me before he charges me. My eyes fall closed as I brace for the impact, but he doesn't touch me. I can feel his heated breath on my face as he grunts and snorts like an angry bull.
The air around me swirls with his scent and I lift my hand, blindly feeling for his chest as I press my palm to it, feeling his erratic heartbeat.
"It's okay, I'm here," I whisper and I feel his muscles move beneath my hand, his body coming down to regular size as I open my eyes and look at him.
"I'm sorry," he says in a hoarse voice. "I'm sorry I let you die..."
My heart breaks, my hand reaching up for his cheek as my breathing stutters and my eyes water.
"It wasn't your fault. It never was." I breathe.
"Leandra," he murmurs, yanking me in for a hug, those sparks overwhelming me as I gasp in shock.
###Chapter 172
Hayes clutches to me, his body shaking as his hand drifts up to my hair, cupping the back of my head and tucking me to his shoulder. Teiran moves toward the ball of roots, rearing back his fist as he roars in anger and hammers through it. Wood splinters, green and brown, showering down on him as he heaves and reaches through, grabbing the fae by her neck. She dangles, scratching his hand as she feebly tries to escape.
"Let go!" She grits out, small whimsy branches trying to reach out to help her, but she is out of strength and energy.
"Teiran," I say, trying to move toward him, wanting to warn him not to kill the annoying woman, but Hayes tightens his already bone breaking grip. I squirm, pushing him back with great effort as he blinks and looks at me. His brows pull together and he tilts his head.
"Kyra?" His voice breaks as he comes back to reality, the look in his eyes killing me. I can see how disappointed he is in seeing my red hair and freckled face as he stumbles back, creating more space between us. I don't have time to watch him break my heart by accident as I rush over to Teiran.
"What do you want me to do with her?" He asks, still holding her up as she dangles, weak and helpless. Her defiant eyes meet mine as I press my lips together in thought.
"Knock her out and bring her along," I sigh, reaching up and rubbing my temple, trying to force all the emotions of what just happened away. I need a logical mind, not an emotional one.
"I won't help-" she says as Teiran grins, slamming his fist into her face. He drops her to the ground, then turns to look at me and Hayes.
"You going to deal with that now or later?" he asks. His words sound harsh, but his face tells me he is concerned. I get the feeling Teiran has had his own kind of heartbreak, even if they don't have mates like we do. Or at least not in the same way.
"I don't need to be dealt in one way or another." Hayes snaps, swinging his head in Teiran's direction. He looks drained, his back rising and falling as if he has been struggling in water for too long. And I suppose, in a sense, he has been drowning. "Do we need to rest here?" I ask him, and he scoffs before he breaks into a sardonic laugh.
"That feels like a yes," Teiran mutters, then he bends down, grabs the fae by her ankle, and drags her toward me. He releases her limp body at my feet and juts his chin to the denser forest behind me. "Guess I'll grab some wood."
As he walks away, he reaches into the bag over his shoulder and pulls out a pair of shorts, pressing them into Hayes' hands before he pats him on the shoulder and disappears. Hayes looks down at them before he silently slips them on and stands awkwardly where he is. "So you had a breakdown," I shrug, walking closer to him. "It happens."
He shakes his head and clears his throat.
"Not to me, not to lycans like me," He whispers, lifting his hand as if his hands are dirt as he observes them.
"And what makes you so special that you don't get to show emotions or have trauma?" I ask him, lifting a brow as I inch closer, trying to make my movements small and unnoticeable, but he notices. Lately, it seems, he is always noticing everything.
"I am trained to be mentally strong, to fight the mind a-and just deal with shit better." He snaps, reaching up as he drags his hands through his hair.
I exhale, my head falling to the side as I watch him try to understand that he is no different than anyone else. Training or no training, Hayes is just as human as the rest of us. He has always been transparent, easy to speak to and the person with wise and aged advice. And yet here he is after falling apart and he isn't sure how to put himself back together because he can't admit it even happened.
"The problem is you refusing to deal with it at all, Hayes." I say gently.
He nods, his hands finding his waist as he exhales deeply and drops his head back, looking at the tops of the trees and the daylight that seems to fade.
"It was easier," He murmurs before he clears his throat, "Well, I mean 'is' easier."
"Easier is usually the wrong route." I say with a smile and he chuckles, shaking his head, his dark hair shaking back and forth as he looks up at me.
"You sound like I used to." He says with a ghost of a smile lingering on his lips.
"Well, thank you. Old you was one of my favorite people to ever exist." I tell him truthfully.
Awkward silence falls over us as I wait for him to say something more, initiate conversation, or at least take a seat. Instead he just sits, groaning as he leans back onto his arms.
"Do you want to talk about it?" I ask him, taking a seat next to him.
He shakes his head no. As much as I
want to pry, to see what he
remembers, how he felt I know it's
'
not my p?ace to do it. Sharing something this vulnerable takes a strength and willingness that can not be forced. SO I pull my knees to my chest and rest my chin on it, turning to look at him. 
"What?" He scoffs and I shrug.
"Nothing, I'm just waiting for Teiran to come back."
"You have a thing for him, don't you?" He asks, massaging the palm of his left hand as he avoids looking at me.
"Would it bother you if I did?" I ask, and he scoffs.
"No, you can live your life how you want to." But the malice in his voice boils in my gut and causes me to grit my teeth, my jaw creaking.
"At least I want to live." I snap at him and he nods.
"If there was something worth living for, I might want to live." He shrugs, his eyes meeting mine for a second as I blush and look away, my eyes filling with tears I force to stay at bay.
"I'm not worth it?" I ask, swallowing roughly, "Are you Merikh and Colette not worth it or your adorable"
"No." he whispers, "You aren't worth it."
"But we are supposed to be mates." I say the words and my mouth feels dry, my throat aching as I force myself to hold his gaze. "You keep mentioning sparks. What do you plan to do when I do feel them?" Hayes sighs. "Protect you."
"And how will you do that?" I ask, my heart beating at the thought of him accepting me. How else would he protect me than to protect my heart and our soul tie?
"By rejecting you to save you from the inevitable pain. I will die sooner rather than later. There is nothing I want more than to leave this earth and make sure no one else is hurt because of me."
"And you won't give me the chance to change your mind?" I ask, rising to my knees and turning to face him.
"You can try all you want, Kyra. But my mind is set." He says, the lines on his face telling me he means every word.
"So if I kissed you right now...?" I ask, my voice raspy as I move closer, leaning in as he leans forward.
"I would not stop you, but you have been warned. You can not love me, and when you feel the bond too, you have to promise to accept my rejection." He says, his eyes watching my lips as I nibble on the side of my cheek, weighing his demands. 
I am already lying to him. He is my mate. I felt it before he did, but I refuse to tell him that because I need to convince him there is more to life. That he needs to confront what is stuck in his head and deal with it. But I am not ready yet to hold myself back. So I pull away and heave a sigh. 
"So you will never choose me? Even if we are fated?" I ask, swallowing my pride as a tear falls down my cheek.
"I have said all I need to say." He whispers, looking away. "Take from it what you will."
###Chapter 173
*Hayes*
Nothing like a cold shoulder for an entire week of trudging through woods with no trail and the air thick with tension. And I don't mean just between Kyra and me, but everyone and this Fae chick who trudges along, threatening to string us up in the trees anytime she senses even a hint of annoyance with her. "Flora," Kyra says as pleasantly as she can muster, but I can see the way her nose twitches, hating how fake she has to be. "I don't mean to be rude, but we do need to move faster than what you are going."
"How about I go as fast as I please? You don't like it, you can leave me." She shrugs, a smug smile on her lips.
I have walked in near silence since I last spoke with Kyra. Nothing to say more than offering food or water or the occasional grunt when addressing options for which way to head next. But if this sprite doesn't watch her mouth, I will slap the shit out of her.
"I guess you don't want revenge for your friend," Kyra mentions, shrugging as she takes her speed up a notch. For some reason, Flora's attachment to that dead deer is the only way to keep her in check. Which is not only weird, but annoying. "That's not fair," Flora mutters, glaring at Kyra's back as I come on her. She glances at me, a frown on her lips, before she smirks and bats her eyes at me flirtatiously.
"Something in your eye?" I ask her, and she scoffs.
"No."
"Then why are you looking at me like that?" I press my lips together, stopping as she steps in front and turns to face me. My arms cross over my chest as I heave a sigh, annoyed and curious all at the same time.
"So you two are mates?" she asks, her voice soft and I can hear how it changes, as if she is trying to be seductive, but she has been alone too long in the woods practicing on trees all day. I shake my head and chuckle, amused where I was once annoyed. "What does it matter to you?" I ask her.
"You just...you two don't act very in love." She reaches out, rubbing her fingers over my forearm.
"Is there a certain way people are supposed to act when they are in love?" I ask her, arching a brow when I notice Kyra and Teiran stop walking and watch us from far away. She tilts her head to the side, a smirk on her lips.
"They usually at least act like they like each other." She says and I bark out a laugh, my head falling back as I find great humor in her assessment.
Something comes over me and I meet Kyra's amused gaze and shoot her a wink. My hand reaches out and I cup Flora's cheek, my thumb stroking over her cheek before I lean forward. Her cheeks instantly heat and grow pink, her eyes wide in shock as her heart rate shoots up.
"Sometimes love is seen in other ways, like jealousy." I whisper, a fluttering in my chest as I hear angered footsteps stomping in our direction.
I hide my face at the side of her cheek just as she is ripped away. Kyra's eyes blaze in anger as she throws her fist back, her aim directed at Flora. Until it swings wide and she clobbers me in the shoulder. I take a step to the side, a scoff breaking from my lips as my hand flies up to touch where she struck me.
"What the hell was that for?" I hiss at her as she straightens herself and throws her hair back.
"I felt like hitting someone and you seemed like the better choice." She shrugs. Flora lets out a giggle, which snowballs into a fit of laughter as she looks between us and shakes her head from side to side.
"One day I wish to choose a mate who loves me unlike you two," she snickers.
"That is by far the rudest thing you have said yet," Kyra snaps out.
"Enough." I grunt, pushing past them and up to Teiran, who looks at me smugly.
"It looked like that was going to work in your favor for a minute." He says. I nod in agreement.
It was stupid, but a part of me wanted her to be jealous. I mean, it was the only reason I did it. Several times I could swear she felt the bond, but she acts like she can't like there is nothing between us. Not that the past week has helped with any of that.
And again, it's not like I can have her. A mate deserves to be protected, someone strong enough to save them when they need it, and I failed one mate already. My fate should have been the same as hers and yet I am meant to live with the pain of my failure. Why else would the moon goddess keep me alive?
"Stop..." Teiran says, his hand coming up to block us.
"What is it?" Kyra asks.
"Someone is in the woods, and they
are close Flora says from the ground We all look down and see her kneeling, hands to the ground as her eyes grow cloudy and she hums under her breath. en FindNovel
"Ezrah." Kyra whispers to herself.
"They are moving, but slowly," Flora continues. "One person."
"Direction?" I hiss out and she turns her head as if trying to hear better.
"That way," Kyra whispers, pointing to the left. A moment later, Flora nods in agreement.
"Yes. I would agree with Kyra." She says, coming back up.
"I guess there is a first for everything." Teiran mutters and Kyra shoots him a scowl.
I walk in the direction they indicated, my steps measured and quick as Kyra rushes over and steps in front of me.
"Where are you going?" She hisses, her eyes looking over my face as I exhale.
"To spy." I tell her, and she rolls her eyes, scoffing.
"I am the tracker so I will be the one going-" Her words drift off as I take an intimidating step toward her, rolling my shoulders back and saying nothing as if I will step through her. "Over my dead body." I tell her, and she grunts, slapping her forehead.
"That's the problem, isn't it? I have to
go because
can't trust you to come back with information we need. Who is to say you won't go and fight him and
and then leave us with your
die a
body and have to track him down
again?" She says, looking me dead in
the eyes. 
"I will come back." I tell her, but I can see there is no trust in my words. Not after the two times she was forced to save me as I tried to loophole my way out of this miserable life. "Hayes," she says, sucking in a deep breath as if she is trying to calm herself down before she exhales. "I can not trust you, so I am going to need you to trust me. Okay?"
My stomach twists hearing those
words, and my heart hurts knowing how true they are. I have done
nothing to earn her trust. But she has done nothing to lose mine, which means we are stuck with only one option. Me standing around and
waiting for her to report back. Me trusting her even when my not
wanting to go alone doesn't feel like a trust issue but more of a
protective one. 
"Fine." I sigh, nodding as her mouth falls open.
"Fine?" she whispers, and I frown.
"I trust you, Kyra." I tell her, stalking closer to her, "But know that if you don't come back in an hour, I will be coming for you."
"Three hours." She says firmly, and I bark out a laugh.
"Two hours." Teiran chimes in. "No more and no less."
"So we are just going to hang out here for two hours?" Flora scoffs.
"No, you are coming with me." Kyra smirks and she squawks in disbelief. "Me?"
"Yep. you." Kyra says, grabbing her wrist and dragging her away in a sprint.
###Chapter 174
*Kyra*
"I know what you are thinking." Flora chimes from behind me.
It takes every ounce of me to only roll my eyes and not let out an annoyed groan. We are supposed to be moving in silence, but I suppose I did this to myself by taking someone I don't know. Then again, that's exactly why I dragged her along. I don't trust this Fae. "That you should shut your mouth?" I whisper and shoot her a scowl over my shoulder.
The ground rustles behind me and I close my eyes, my heading turning from side to side as I try to release the tension of being stuck with her. I did this to myself, not Hayes or Teiran. But me, okay, not entirely true.
I did this because Hayes was being a dick and trying to make me jealous. Which only makes him more of a dick, because who does that? Why would he want me to admit I am his mate so he can just reject me and die? How heartless does one have to be to force someone to feel something and then go and hope they die?
"Look, I am sorry." She whispers, her feet shuffling as she comes up close behind me. "It was a bitchy thing to do, trying to seduce him."
I bark out a laugh, trying to pretend it doesn't bother me. We both know I am using my bad attitude as a shield, but when you have no other armor, you grab the closest thing you can find, no matter how flimsy it is. "Seduce him all you want, Flora." I mutter. "It's not like I want to care about him."
She goes silent at my side and I glance over, watching as she frowns and then she opens her mouth to speak before snapping it shut.
"What?" I groan, dragging my hand over my face as exhaustion hits me.
"It's just that I thought-" She pauses, inhaling deeply before she presses her lips together as if weighing how to say what is on her mind.
"We should head back soon." She shakes her head. "That's all. We have been gone for forty-five minutes."
"Yes, forty-three glorious silent moments." I mutter, ignoring her suggestion. There is not a way in hell I am heading back without something. Either a hint or clue. Hell, even just the slightest sign that someone was nearby.
"Look, if we were going to find him, we would have seen something by now." She says, walking in front of me. Suddenly, her demeanor changes and her eyes grow cloudy. She goes vacant as if she is using her powers, yet I don't see anything out of the ordinary. Until a shiver runs down my spine and I realize she felt it first.
The way the forest has gone silent where birds had been chirping and squirrels scurrying up the trees, their nails scraping over the tough bark of the pines around us. A breeze stirs around us and I try to catch a glimpse of it in the tree, looking for swaying branches or pine needles tumbling down.
Instead, I find them as still as a frozen pond in a winter storm. My skin prickles and my lycan paces in my mind on high alert. We are being stalked and had Flora and I not stopped to argue, I may not have noticed, as I was too caught up in my annoyance.
Shit. This is why Tyler was also so much better than me. He could ify, keep emotions out of his tracking, and yet I constantly find myself bogged down by them.
"Someone is here." Flora whispers, her hand grabbing my wrists as she steps a little closer.
"No shit," I grumble, trying to focus on the scent, following the point at which it is the strongest to pinpoint exactly where this person is and if it could be Ezrah.
The tiniest smell of smoke and hot rock tickles my nose and my stomach falters. It is him. There is no doubt in my mind or nose that Ezrah is not here using his ability to move incredibly fast to try to intimidate us.
"Be ready to use your skills." I whisper low to Flora.
I back away from her, extracting my wrist from her nervous hand before I take a step closer to the breeze.
"There is no need for a show, Ezrah." I say, trying to sound bored as I place my hands on my hips. "I am not afraid of you."
"You should be." He says, his voice a soft echo making it damn near impossible to distinguish the direction from which is came.
"I just want to talk to you." I shrug, turning slowly in a circle, my eyes focusing on a blur as it comes to a stop behind a tree.
"Is that why you brought a new friend? Not your angry little beta?" he chuckles, his voice echoing around me regardless of the lack of things for it to echo off.
Ezrah is trying to shake me up, but what he doesn't understand is that I have fought dragons and even threw myself back into a damn mudslide to save someone else. At this point, I am pretty sure my sense of danger meter is damn near ruined. "I brought Flora because she has a special skill set that I thought would come in handy."
"Ah, come in handy for capturing me?" He asks, his voice higher pitched at the end like he is amused.
"Well, if you would just come and have a little civil chat, I am certain we could come to some kind of agreement." I mutter, taking a risk and stepping closer to the tree where I am sure he is. As I jump around the trunk, I find nothing, and I hiss in annoyance as he cackles through the woods. "I have nothing to discuss with you," he answers, at least not with you.
"Then who do you want to talk to?" I ask him and he finally steps into view, leaning on the side of a tree with his hands shoved in his pocket.
The fae is devilishly handsome, I will give him that, but it seems to me like his personality is about as dull as his eyes that look so tired. Fae are used to more extravagant lives, it seems.
"Perhaps your alpha?" His voice grows closer, coming from behind me.
"Ah yes, I heard you two were friends once." I say, my eyes settling on Flora, who meets my gaze.
Her head nods, almost indiscernible
I
what she wants from
as I decipher what
me. I glance over my shoulder, noting a movement between trees and I realize she can see him. Be it the two of them being the same species or her part of her special skills, I don't care because now. Now I have eyes on him too, which brings a smile to my lips. 
The ground slowly moves, the earth creaking and snapping beneath me as if the roots of the trees are alive. Just as Ezrah goes to move once more, sprint to where he is going and hestops a hair away from me. His eyes grow wide in surprise, looking down at me as he takes a single step backward to avoid me. 
"What? Did you think you could outrun us forever?" I ask him, clicking my tongue against the roof of my mouth.
"Out run?" He smirks, trying to mask the way he seems to panic as his fingers twitch. "My kind can and will always out run your kind. But I will admit you are rather adept for being part dog."
"Really?" I frown and scoff as if he is a disappointment. "All this time alone in the woods to think of witty comebacks and you went with calling me a dog?"
His eyes narrow and I can see how flighty he is. His pupils quiver as if he is on a vibration plate, and then a small smirk rises on his lips.
"You don't think you actually have caught me, do you?" he whispers.
"Sorry to disappoint you, but I am not letting you out of my sight again," Then I lunge forward, my arms wrapping around his waist as we fall backwards.
Roots erupt from the earth, dirt flying through the air and raining down on us as we lift into the sky, tendrils of the ground weaving around my body and his as they squeeze and I fight for air.
Ezrah roars out in anger as I try to fight my way out and away from him. I knew Flora would use her skills to capture him, but I had hoped she would be a little more accurate. When I look at her, I find her eyes glazed over and her body trembling. "Flora!" I shriek, trying to get her attention, but she remains unmoved before her mouth falls open and she lets out a pained scream.
"Help me!" she roars, her white out eyes growing blood shot as she drops to her knees. "Kyra, Please!"
My lycan roars out, my head whipping back as I shift and tear through the roots, only for them to be replaced just as fast as they come. I growl in anger, unsure of what the fuck is happening and how we ended up like this.
My front leg snaps, the pain shooting through me as I gnaw on limb after limb only to see Ezrah somehow nestled safely in a little bubble, as though she is protecting him.
For a moment, I think Flora has
betrayed me until I see that the pain
she is in is real, as is mine. So I search the woods, remembering that there are more than just our kind out here fighting. And that's when the bastard steps out of the woods, his hands outstretched and his lips moving, murmuring
incoherent words. 
The roots squeeze me tighter, wrapping around my upper leg as I whimper and whine, trying like hell to struggle out of her possessed grasp. A snap breaks through the air and bile rushes up my throat as my lycan retreats and I slip through the roots, crashing into the ground with a pained thud.
My leg is broken, as is my arm, but I force myself to look up, watching as a root makes its way behind the wizard who came out of fucking nowhere. And then it pierces him through the heart. The roots stop, and he drops to his knees and sputters out blood with a weak cough and tumbles to his side.
###Chapter 175
shelter she made for him, but a quick look satisfies my fears he may escape.
I crawl on my stomach toward Flora, my broken leg dragging behind me as I groan in pain. Flora looks drained, her chest heaving up and down wildly as she kneels slumped forward, her hair askew and in covering her face. I can hear Ezrah battering against the rooted "Flora," I whisper, dragging my body up and next to her as I hesitantly reach out and touch her back. She jumps, a frightened scream breaking from her lips before she seems to see me, and she relaxes.
"I was worried you were dead," she whispers. "I was afraid to look."
"You know, for a little bit, I thought you were trying to kill me." I chuckle and her face grows pale, her eyes darting away.
"Not intentionally." She mutters, a shudder raking through her body as she stares at the dead man laying on the ground. "What the hell was that?"
"Ah, you've never felt mind control before." I give her a soft smile.
Tears leak from the corner of her eyes as she tries to fight back a sob.
"I'm sorry." She murmurs.
"I'm just glad you came to your senses and killed him in time." She blinks at me, her brows knitting together.
"I did?"
A strange sensation flutters over me and I hug myself, feeling vulnerable. So much weird shit has been happening. Well, weird, I suppose, is normal, but this level of it is. Well, it's unsettling.
"One of your roots...I could have sworn it was you." I mutter, and she frowns.
"Maybe?" she says, but her words lack confidence.
"Crap." I groan, laying down on my back, my hands on my head as I try to calm my senses.
My lycan is exhausted and in pain. It is possible that someone else killed the wizard, likely another fae, but all worries fade away when Ezrah roars in frustration. I smile wide, a giggle bubbling up as, for a moment, I celebrate our little victory. "We caught him." Flora whispers, looking down at me. I nod, a victorious grin on my face.
"Hell yeah we did." I tell her and she exhales.
"Should we look at the wizard?" Flora asks, scrunching her nose in distaste.
"To make sure he is dead?" I ask her and she nods.
"What if he isn't? My mind is mine, not anyone else's to toy with. I have worked too hard for control and he...he..." She pauses and chuckles as she wipes tears from her eyes.
"Hey," I say, sitting up and leaning in to look at her. "It's fine, okay? I will go check to make sure he is dead."
There is no way I can stand yet, not with how and where my leg broke. A broken tibia or fibula? Small and quick. But a mid femur break and likely not a clean one? There will be no walking for me for several hours. I shuffle over to the dead hooded man, coming up close to his body as I reach for his injury.
My fingers slip through the gaping wound in his chest. Blood covers my hand when I pull it out and then I reach for his neck, feeling for his pulse. Not that I need to really check it. A wound like his would be fatal even for a lycan. His face is pale, almost gaunt looking, as I peek at him, feeling no pulse as expected.
He is dead. There is not a single doubt about it. But the problem now is HOW he died. I had assumed it was Flora who beat his hold on her and found a way to save herself. But with her confession that she doesn't recall it...I'm not so sure.
"Is he dead?" Flora calls out to me.
"Definitely." I tell her, and she seems relieved. "Can you come look at him? See if you know him."
Her eyes grow wide and her face green as she shakes her head.
"No way!" She squeals, jumping up. "I don't know him. I can promise you that."
I frown at her and look back at the dead body before shoving away from him and dragging myself over toward Flora.
"How can you know if you refuse to look?" I ask her, my voice gentle as I try to be reassuring.
"Because I know!" she insists.
I press my lips together, realizing there is clearly something more going on. Either she knows this dickhead and refuses to admit it, or she is afraid to look at someone she killed. Well, if she is the one that killed him. Whatever it may be, it has me on my guard as I scan the trees around us. "Are you sure that thing will hold him?" I sigh, changing the topic, for now, as I point to Ezrah.
"Yeah, for a little while anyway." She says, the relief on her face from me dropping the topic is incredibly apparent. "How do you plan to transport him?"
"That is not my job," I tell her, though I have been wondering the same thing.
Perhaps Teiran will be able to
manage him? Fly with him in dragon form in his claws? My plan was originally to use Terian to help
subdue Ezrah, which, clearly, we net
ended up not needing. I smile to
myself, proud that we could not only capture him, but find him. It was complete teamwork and Flora
played a huge part in it.
It feels strange, trusting people so easily, but I know it would make Tyler so proud. He always said that when you are able to trust yourself, it becomes easier to trust others. Admittedly, trusting myself these days has been rough. Hell, trusting myself since losing him has been rough.
"Can I ask you something?" Flora asks, plopping down onto the ground next to as we face Ezrah, waiting for him to make a single attempt to free himself.
"Sure."
"Are we friends...?" She asks, and my mouth falls open, closing as I turn to look at her, watching her expression. Flora is serious, her eyes batting as she waits nervously for my answer.
"Uh, well... We can be." I tell her. It
should have been obvious that she didn't have any friends with the way she defended the deer she
demanded was her friend. I had net
е
thought she was maybe just a nature freak, or mentally unstable. But maybe she is lonely, just like I have been. How else would she not
know about the war?
"That would be awesome." She grins widely, her cheeks dimple and her eyes sparkle in excitement.
"Can I ask you a question now? As a friend?" I ask her and she nods.
"How old are you?" I ask her, and she tilts her head in thought.
"Only eighty-six." She smiles.
"Is that young, by your standards?" I ask. Everyone knows Fae lives longer lives, but for her to be eighty-six and look no older than twenty is insane.
"Yes." She nods. "I have lived out in these woods all my life. My mother did not believe in what the kings and queens were doing in our world. It may shock you but, I've never had a real friend before."
I let out a laugh.
"Oh, that is very shocking indeed." I chuckle as she shakes her head.
"Are you fucking SERIOUS!" A voice roars behind us, and my body shivers.
Flora looks at me, alarmed, and I give her a grin before I turn to look over my shoulder and look at a furious and annoyed Hayes.
"Oh hey, you made it." I say, flashing him a smug smile, relishing the look on his face when his nostrils flare.
"You are late." His voice rumbles through his chest as he stomps in my direction.
Before I can get a word in, he reaches down and lifts me up by the collar of my shirt. My eyes widen and my lips part as he gives me a shake, as if he is trying to capture my undivided attention. I wince, looking away as I bite my lip, trying to fight off the scream of pain. "We found Ezrah," Flora jumps up, grabbing at his hands as if she is trying to free me.
"Then you should have come back!" He screams. "We have been searching everywhere for you both."
"How late are we?" I ask, my voice quivering in pain that makes him blink in surprise. His grip eases as he lowers me to my feet, my good leg bearing all the weight.
"Twenty-nine minutes." Teiran says, coming out from behind a tree, his eyes curious and his nose sniffing the air.
"So you came after us immediately after we left?" I scoff, shaking my head in disappointment.
Hayes releases me immediately, giving me a gentle shove that forces me to step back on my broken leg.
I scream in agony, my hands flying
out to hold my thigh as I sob, unable to fight the fears as the pain rocks through my body. I slam into the ground with my side, my head bouncing off a warm, soft ground before I am lifted and curled into a chest. Hayes adjusts his hold on me and I realize I had made it to the ground. He had caught me.
"Shit, Ky. Where are you hurt?" He whispers, his forehead suddenly pressed to mine, sparks bursting through me as we both gasp at the touch. Hayes' nose gently rubs over mine, his breath heating my face as he tilts his chin and kisses my forehead like he might actually care about me. "My leg," I croak, trying to pull away from him, but he only tightens his grip.
"I'm not letting you go," He whispers, but there is an inflection in the way he says it, one that springs a hope I have fought for so long. The hope that maybe, just maybe, Hayes might finally want me.
###Chapter 176
*Hayes*
"What do you want to do with him?" Teiran asks, tipping his chin toward the now grunting ball of roots. Ezrah has regained some strength, it appears, as he screams in fury and tries to escape.
"I am more concerned with the dead guy over there." I mutter, holding Kyra in my arms, refusing to put her down.
It was a dick move to not trust her enough to come back on time. Granted, we were right and we would have ended up finding her much later had we waited for the girls not to show back up. And considering Flora is not all that trustworthy, it was hard, even for Teiran, to muster up that trust.
"He showed up out of nowhere." Kyra says, shuddering in my arms as if a chill has run through her.
"Are you cold?" I whisper, and she furrows her brows, shaking her head no.
"When I was trying to trap the guy you are after, I felt like...a cold, wet hold on my mind. Like a soggy blanket was placed over my powers and someone else was guiding me." Flora says, a shudder running through her as well.
Teiran gives me a look, one that tells me he notices it too, the way both women respond when talking about the dead man on the ground. After a second of hesitation, I squat down, gently placing Kyra on the ground as I reach out and tuck her hair behind her ear. She blushes as I stand and walk away, pushing down the fluttering in my gut.
I circle the body, taking into account that he doesn't smell like our kind or any special kind, really. He is human in species, but clearly supernatural somehow. Teiran stoops down, poking at the fatal wound in his chest where his heart should be. I let out a low whistle, leaning over and glancing at it as well.
"Not a great way to go." I mutter, and Teiran chuckles.
"I can think of worse ways,"
"He must be a wizard." I sigh, pushing back the hood and revealing a tattoo on his cheek. We don't run into many wizards or witches out here, but that doesn't mean they don't hang around or that there isn't a coven somewhere. "That would make sense, especially with him breaking into Flora's mind." Teiran hums, almost in thought.
"But why would a random wizard interject himself in a fight that doesn't have anything to do with him?" I exhale deeply, then drag my hand through my hair. "When all of this started, there were wizards that used magic to control my kind."
"I am very much aware of that," Teiran says as he stands. He seems disappointed as he shakes his head. "You forget I was not exiled then, only demoted in my ranking as my father's shameless lying chosen mate rained chaos on everything I love."
His face grows red, and his eyes glow golden as steam swirls around him. Teiran has been calm and collected the entire time since meeting him on our journey that I forget he has the temper of a dragon, probably because he is a dragon. "You are right, I did forget." I admit, frowning. "Forgive me for making it seem like I know it all."
"If these fuckers are back in the fray with my father, there is no telling who we can trust." Teiran growls, kicking the ground as he paces away. I look back at Flora, who walks around where Ezrah is still literally rooted in place, pressing on spots looking for a weakness. How the hell are we supposed to determine who we trust moving forward?
My eyes drift to Kyra, finding her watching me with a curious look. Her head is slightly tilted and her bottom lip trapped between her teeth as she seems to be processing something.
There is no doubt she has already come to the same conclusion Teiran and I have. With so many obstacles in our way already, we find ourselves with yet another one. We have captured our prisoner, but now what do we do with him? Is the egg with him or has he hidden it somewhere?
"Damn it," I grit out, looking away.
"We can't stay here." Teiran says finally. "I doubt he is alone."
He is right, and I know it too. Humans do not wander around very far alone. Magically gifted or not, they are creatures of companionship, much like my kind or any shifter other than a dragon.
"We need to get moving." I agree, marching toward Kyra and Flora. "Now we just have to figure out how to get this thing mobile. Or what to do with the thing inside?"
"Can we just...take it like this and deliver it to your king and queen?" Flora asks.
"Alpha and Luna." Kyra corrects her, but Flora doesn't seem to care either way.
"In theory, that would be the best thing. Just drop it off and be gone." Teiran says, as if the thought process is feasible.
I break into a deep laugh. The
thought of rolling that asshole there
in one of those pet balls the humans put those rats in for running. He would tumble around and around, likely getting sick and dizzy. But as amusing as it sounds, the thought is incredibly absurd and not at all
possible. 
"We will need to break him out and drag him along with us." I tell them, meeting each of their gazes.
"This is the guy that beat your brother, Hayes," Kyra says in a gentle tone to not offend me.
It shouldn't bother me that she underestimates me, she knows past me that was more words and less fight. Merikh was always the bigger one, the more skilled fighter. But what I lacked was proper motivation like he had. I found that when I became this disfigured monster, I am.
"Merikh gave up." I remind her with a raised brow. "That is something I will never do, for any reason."
"He was going to kill Luna Colette, of course he gave the egg up." She rolls her eyes. "We all know you would have done the same for Leandra."
My mouth goes dry, and I press my tongue to my inner cheek, trying to control the rising anger in my chest. She makes assumptions she has no right to make.
"I have nothing here of importance to me that can be used to sway my actions." I bite out at her, taking two strides in her direction. Kyra looks away as if I had slapped her with my words, her hair flying out and covering her face. "Good to know." She whispers.
"Are you dense?" Flora scoffs, looking around at all of us like we are idiots. "We have a freaking dragon." She points to Teiran, who arches a brow in confusion.
Then she rolls her eyes, groaning in annoyance as she stomps over to the roots and presses her hands to it. The ground softly rumbles, roots twisting and turning through loops as a handle grows and she falls to her knees, sucking in air. "Dragon heir turns into dragon. Lifts the damn thing and flies it back for you." She says, her words soft and breathless. "For being high ranking in your species, you both are slow on the uptake."
"I refuse to let him out of my sight." I argue, my finger pointing at the bulbous wooden cage. "The fucker in there has led to two years of war and that egg, that bastard...I refuse to let them go from my side until they are delivered to my brother safely." "You could ride him." Kyra offers a twitch of a smile on her lips as I glare at her.
"I have never ridden on a dragon and do not plan on starting that now." I grit out.
"Hate to say it, but I agree with Hayes. Colette riding on me was one thing, but Hayes? No, thank you," He says, shaking his head like I've offered him the largest spider I could find as a snack.
"Fine." Kyra shrugs. "We can sit here
until I heal and hope no other
wizards or witches show up, then release the bastard so we can fight him. Which I am sure will go
fantastic based on previous
attempts. Then, if we win,
vel.
we
can
drag him all the way back over days
of travel-" 
I cut her off with a groan, throwing my hands up in despair.
"What was your original plan?" Flora asks, her nose scrunching in curiosity.
"Kill the fucker, take the egg." I shrug.
"Quick and simple." Teiran mutters, "I like it. I say we go with Hayes' plan."
"Merikh would like him alive." Kyra says, her eyelids falling as she struggles to stay awake. It takes immense effort to heal a wound, more so to heal a broken bone.
"Well, that's too bad." I shrug, walking toward the wooden orb. "Open this up,"
Flora looks at me like I turned into an alien as she shifts uncomfortably before she stands up and moves toward Kyra. My, how quickly alliances can shift. I see what is happening and I chuckle bitterly. Of course, this is the shit that happens.
I should have just kept the rest of
the group with me, but no, my dumbass split us all up and now I'm stuck with a stubborn lycan, a dishonored dragon and a loopy Fae who lacks serious social skills. To think that this will go in my favor is a pipe dream filled with gasoline and placed on a damn stove.
"So mutiny, then?" I arch a brow, my spine shivering in anticipation. A fight doesn't sound too terrible, not that I plan to fight Kyra, but the other two...I wouldn't mind slapping them around a bit.
"Call it what you must," Kyra says, a frown on her pink lips as she glances away, unable to look me in the eye.
"Oh no no, Kyra. If you are going to fuck me over, at least do me the service of looking me in the eye." I growl at her, watching as she flinches.
###Chapter 177
Kyra rolls her eyes and sighs heavily.
"Look, you are the one making this difficult at every step if the way, Hayes. Not me." She groans, her level of annoyance at an all-time high.
"You make it seem like it is intentional." I grunt and she growls, yanking at her hair.
"Hayes, you are impossible to work with now. You used to "
"Be a pushover?" I ask, shrugging. "Or perhaps you are looking for the word diplomatic?"
"Diplomatic seems more fitting, I guess," she mutters.
"I am no longer the beta. I don't have to worry about being diplomatic anymore. Not to mention we are in a fucking war where there are no rules." I shout at her, my voice rising. "Lover's quarrels are so strange." Teiran muses to himself as I cut him a glare.
"Is this how mates always talk?" Flora asks, amused.
"Make for better make up later." Teiran explains to her and I scoff, taking a stumble back. Is this whole fucking thing a joke? Just some charade to laugh at? We have been hunting for this bastard for years. He has caused so much destruction and proven he doesn't give up. How long had he been playing Merikh and the others?
"If we take him alive, he will get away." I tell them all, looking around. "That is not a worst-case scenario. It is the ONLY scenario, and then we are back to tracking the asshole down all over again."
"You always underestimate everyone." Kyra snaps, reaching up for Flora to help her up.
"This conversation is done." I grit out, stalking over to the ball of roots. My hand transforms into a claw as I swipe at it. The wood splinters easily, falling away in chunks only to reveal more thick growth with every blow.
What could Merikh possibly want with Ezrah? Is it to say goodbye to someone he regarded highly as a friend? Or perhaps he has gone soft and believes he can turn him to our side. But that's the problem.
Ezrah is on no one's side. Instead of being a part of the dragons or his own species, he is betrothed to his word and his occupation. He doesn't care who wins this fucking war, he only cares this thing survives.
My arms grow tired as I continually cut away at the roots just as quickly as they are replaced. They all talk behind me, no doubt trying to discuss what to do next, but if they think they will stop me, they will have to kill me first.
"Hayes," Kyra says softly, her voice calm and too commanding. My lycan wants to respond, but I push aside the bond that connects us, or at least I try.
My screams of anger fill the air, tuning her out as I try to hold on to every thread of hatred I have in my heart for the asshole who allowed all of this to happen. Everything, every last bit of it, is Ezrah's fault.
His lies and manipulation are what led to so much pain and suffering. He wants to claim he did it for the love of someone he viewed as a child, but the truth is he did it because it's the closest feeling he has had to love. A false sense of servitude to an evil rare breed. "Hayes!" she roars, grabbing my attention as I whip my head around and scowl at her.
"What!" I scream, taking four large steps to enter her space.
"Killing him won't solve this." She says, her hand reaching up and pressing to my chest. The shocks make me shiver and I see her skin prickle. "Killing Ezrah won't bring them back, any of them."
There is a hurt in her eyes I can't figure out, but it makes my mouth dry as I press my lips together in disappointment. How can she think this is about bringing anyone back? This isn't about Leandra or anyone else.
This is about a bastard who is allowing a species to be wiped out. Yeah, it took me a while to realize that, but once I did, I realized, Ezrah has to die because he won't give up.
The fae messenger boy doesn't scare me. It's what his actions lead to that has me on edge. I may have no desire to live, but that doesn't mean that others shouldn't have that choice taken from them.
"I'm not trying to bring them back," I whisper and she shakes her head, wincing as she tries to step forward but fails.
"Then what is all of this about?"
"A future for anyone who wants it."
She swallows and I see it on her face the way she wants to say something, ask me something. But I can't give her the answer she wants yet. I'm not worthy yet, not available in my heart for her, for anything that keeps me in this world where all I wear freely is guilt of my failures and shortcomings.
There is a loud crack as a strong
breeze weighs down on us. Kyra falls onto the ground groaning out in pain, her hands gingerly holding her thigh as she tries to breathe through her teeth, spit flying out while tears spring free. I look up, flames of shock and anger scorching through my veins as I watch as a dragon swoops down and scoop up the root ball. 
Ezrah roars out, the orb swaying from side to side as he tries to escape as Teiran flies higher and higher. I then watch as Flora uses her power to cling on, leaving Kyra and me behind. "Teiran!" I roar, screaming up at the fucking asshole as he ignores me and spins, heading away.
"Flora!" Kyra screams next to me, hobbling as much as she can as she works through her pain.
"FUCK!" I growl, lashing out and punching a tree. My fingers crumble under the pressure, the bones compacting as I use the pain to distract the murderous rage growing in the pit of my stomach.
"Feel better now?" Kyra asks smartly and I glare at her before I take off walking, leaving her behind me.
"Where are you going?" She asks.
When I don't respond, I hear her grumble in frustration and try to follow along. I'm not leaving her, she is injured in the woods and there is very clearly a clan or at least some rogue wizards around. But fuck if I don't need a minute to calm down. I want to kill or maim, or just find an intense outlet to release this rising tension.
Something feels off, wrong almost, and I can't place it. Aside from the fact that I don't trust Teiran or fucking Flora, something else is amiss, but I can't figure out what. Kyra's voice fades behind me and I come to a stop, letting out a pained cry of anger. What now? What the fuck do I do now?
There is always the worry that
Teiran is betraying us. Hell, that's a huge worry if I'm honest. I'm not the one who trusted him. Kyra is. Without this mission, I have nothing left, no reason to stay other than the order my brother has given me. But if have done everything I can, maybe it's time to renounce my place in the pack and find myself a peaceful place to wither and die. 
"HAYES!" Kyra screams my name, but I ignore her. Her cry is not one of fear but one of concern and the last thing I want is for her to feel sorry for me after she betrayed me like this. Maybe this was her plan all along? It sure seemed like it might have been earlier. "HAYES!" she roars again. "Get your ass over here now!"
I refuse to go running when she
calls, so instead of rushing back, I take my time, pausing to look at the trees and the moss. If she wants to fuck around, fine, we can both play that game. But by the time I make it to her, she is red faced, and her eyes wide. I scan her from head to toe, looking for anything amiss other than the healing broken leg. 
"Did you enjoy your pity party?" She scoffs, a glare of her own on her cute freckled cheeks.
"Sure did." I grumble, leaning on the tree nearest to me.
"While you were busy being a fucking child, I stumbled onto something you might want to see." She says, huffing her chest up and rolling her shoulders back. Then she points to the upturned moss at the base of a tree. "Go look."
I give her a weary eye before I move over to it and squat down, pushing the upturned leaves and moss to the side. Shock flutters over me, my mouth going dry and all my anger vanishing in a flash.
"Well, fuck me. Who do we have here?"
###Chapter 178
*Kyra*
"It still has an umbilical cord..." I whisper, dragging myself closer to the sweet-looking baby, ignoring the way my leg seems to hurt worse than it did.
"What does that mean?" Hayes asks, his brows furrowed and lips pressed tightly together as he assesses the tiny little being as it sleeps soundly.
"That thing on it's belly... It's attached still. That usually comes off after they are born." I muse, an air of confusion coming over me as I look closer and observe how tiny the little thing is.
"Do you think...is that from the egg?" Hayes asks, looking around, his hand carefully peeling back layers of leaves and moss as he follows the still moist umbilical cord.
I watch him closely, the inside of my lip trapped between my teeth as I watch anxiously. That is, until something warm and soft slides over my hand and I look down. The tiniest little hand waves, the baby starting to squirm and fuss.
Everything around me seems to slow down, my heart pounding and my chest aching, longing for the baby I lost. Would it have been as beautiful as this one? As frail and innocent looking. A sob shakes me violently as I reach down without thinking. The little goosebumps dot the poor child as he shivers and the sweetest little whimper fills my ears.
"Oh, it's okay, sweetie," I blubber, tucking it into my arm with a half sob, half laugh. The baby's eyes remain closed as he whines and tucks in, as if telling me it likes it. "Oh, look at that sweet little nose."
"Ky..." Hayes says my name softly as I stare at this baby, my baby now as its little finger wraps around my pinkie finger, laying its claim on my heart.
I'd forgotten how much I wanted this...how much being a mother meant to me, how much I had craved this unconditional love and relentless trust.
"Kyra," Hayes calls my name again and I sniffle as I look up at him, a heavy frown on his face, as he stares at the baby in my arms.
"Yea?"
He slowly lifts the remnants of a black shell, one looking incredibly like the oner we have been chasing all along. Then he holds up the bottom shell, the long umbilical cord leading to it as a placenta connects to it, providing the baby with nutrients. "So it is..." My voice falls away, cracking as I look at this baby. This potential hybrid and breeder of chaos in an already chaotic species.
"I believe so, yeah." He whispers.
My nose crinkles, "Then Ezrah..."
"He was trying to get out. I think for once, we caught him entirely off guard." He says, coming over next to me.
"So Teiran and Flora only have Ezrah..." I whisper, "And we have Giselle's baby."
Hayes exhales, dragging his bloodied hand down his face before he stands and paces away. He doesn't have to say what is on his mind. I can feel what is coming as my lycan grows territorial. "No." I grit out, causing him to pause mid step, his back to me as his head drops and his shoulders slump.
"I know." He mutters, as I lick my lips, ready to fight him on this to the death.
"This is a baby, it needs protecting and how do we know what it really is—"
"Kyra." He spins, looking at me before he looks back at the baby again.
"I know." He repeats his words, making sure I hear everyone and feel that he means it.
"You do?" I blink at him, shocked.
"For fuck's sake. I may look like a damn monster, but I am not one entirely. I have killed many things, but one of them will never be a baby. Not after I have seen the way you looked at him." Tears fill my eyes and I nod, wordlessly, unable to speak.
"What do we do then?" I whisper, lost for what to do other than hold and protect this little thing.
He looks around.
"Well, for starters, we wait for you to heal. When you can walk, that is when we will discuss what to do next."
"Did you say "him"?" I ask his words, hitting me just now as I peek down and chuckle. It blossoms into a full-blown laughter out of happiness and he looks at me as if I am losing my mind.
"Are you feeling ok? What is so funny about him being a boy?" Hayes asks, stepping closer like he is concerned and may reach out to touch me.
"I feel fantastic. Teiran mentioned males are always dragons." I tell him, shoving his hand away. My heart is full as I feel a giddy glee through me. This sweet baby is just a dragon, a tiny helpless baby dragon shifter. Hayes gives me a skeptical brow and shakes his head grimly.
"Unless it is different with hybrids." He says.
"That is what I said, but he said a Dragon can not exist with another thing in its mind. Where Colette can be of both world sea and wolf, dragons will kill any counterpart to prove dominance. This little guy, he is going to be a dragon." I smile down at him. "Aren't you buddy?" "Unless a Phoenix is the stronger species," Hayes interjects, and his words make my veins run cold. He has a point.
"Right. But until then..." I mutter, making faces at the sleeping baby. It doesn't matter if I look like an idiot. I can't help it. This is fueling my drained and tired soul, filling it with hope and want.
Hayes says nothing as he moves away, going in search of something while I stay rooted, easing down to my side onto the soft moss, the baby in the crook of my elbow.
He stirs, an adorable little squeaking like noise as he nuzzles around at me, looking for something to eat. I can't help but wonder if Ezrah knew the baby was born or if it happened during all the fighting.
Will he come back and try to take him from me? Will Teiran actually get him to Merikh and what happens when they realize that Ezrah doesn't have what they are looking for? But that doesn't matter at this moment. What does matter is that right now We are safe and we both need some rest. 
I fall into sleep, an easy slipping away as the little boy snuggles in my arms. Until the nightmares come. My pulse quickens, my chest burning in effort as I clutch at my side. The pain is unbearable as I cry out for help in the darkness. No one comes, like they hadn't until it was too late that day. 
My legs tremble and my cramps wrap around my abdomen with a vice grip, squeezing the life out of me. I snap my teeth together, gritting through the pain as I breathe through my teeth, spit flying everywhere as I stagger along.
It's happening, but it's too early. It's not the right time. I did everything right, or so I thought. After Tyler gaze himself to protect me, to protect us, I promised to pour my heart and soul into our child. The one I can no longer feel moving inside of me.
"Help." I say weakly, the word stuck
in my throat as I sob and tumble to my knees, crawling back to the pack as quickly as I can. I try to ignore the wet, sticky liquid between my legs, but the air is cold and with each breeze, it brings me closer to the reality of what I have already lost and hopelessly cling to. 
"Kyra," my voice is called softly and I open my eyes, and for a moment I see him. Tyler, my sweet loving mate. I look down, seeing the little baby and my heart soars. It was all a bad dream. He is here. We are here. "Tyler." I shake my head, holding up our baby to him. "Look at our sweet boy."
His face distorts, as if an extreme heat is before him and his face melts away, a panicked scream tearing from my lips as I yank the baby away and scuttle back.
"Kyra," My name is called again, and the person touches me, those telltale sparks making me gasp as I try to blink, but my vision is blurry. "Shit, you are burning up. How the fuck did you get an infection?"
###Chapter 179
*Hayes*
I push the fabric away from her leg, fighting her as she tries to squirm away. She is fading in and out of delirium, unable to differentiate reality from wishful dreams. There is no open injury on her leg, no bone cutting through her skin or breaking of the flesh as I search for the cause. She has to have an infection. Her fever is astronomical, sweat drenching her hair and dripping down her brow as she heaves for air.
"Where does it hurt?" I ask her just as her head lulls back and her eyes roll into the back of her head. "Shit."
I take the sleeping baby, gently setting him to the side before doing a full assessment of her body. She has minor cuts and scrapes on her arms, but nothing that looks dangerous or even infected. Bile rises in my throat as I try to grasp for any idea what the hell is going on. The wizard is dead, so it can't be him using a spell. And I do not smell anything plant wise that could cause this type of illness.
Kyra mumbles, her head falling from side to side as she winces and groans out in pain. I hate to admit it, but I wish Marcos was here to help. Her groans grow loader, stirring the sleeping baby who seems to feed off her chaotic energy. I drag my hands through my hair, frustration seeping into my bones like freezing rain that precedes an upcoming blizzard.
I look away and grunt in annoyance before I lean forward again, dragging my hand over her foot as I lean forward and study every single section. Every dip, I gently rub, ensuring something is not embedded where I can not find it. My hand roams over her soft skin, my damn lycan crying anxiously in my head, begging for answers too.
As I move toward her waist, I freeze. A small cut in her skin under her shirt has me pushing it up and gaping. How can something so small, barely visible, be the root of such pain? There just over her hip bone is a scrape, red, bulging and webbing across her stomach. It seems to throb, growing darker and lighter, as if it has a pumping heart of its own.
"What the hell?" I mutter, my fingers tracing over it, the bumps weaving out further with each pulsation. It has to be a poison, one I know nothing about, but for it to be coming from such a tiny injury, and no magical beings around, poison is my only option. Kyra groans, her muscles tightening as her abdomen tightens and her fingers clench together.
"I got you, Ky." I murmur, dragging her closer to my body, praying the mate bond will do what it can to ease some of her pain while I try to come up with a plan. What the hell would Marcos do in this situation? Probably something stupid that would seem like he is making a pass at Kyra.
I need to suck it out. That is exactly the weird ass shit Marcos would try to pull. If it was poison or venom, he would just stick his mouth on her soft skin and suck on her. Just the thought of him doing it makes me want to punch a tree, but then, ever so slowly, it dawns on me. I will have to be the one who sucks it out. Poison or not, the least I can do is try. It seems a better option than just holding her and hoping a mate bond will make her feel better.
"Please don't accuse me of doing something weird to you while you are out of it." I mutter more to myself. The last thing I need is for her to come to and look at me like I'm some crazed maniac who can't get enough of her.
I clear my throat, easing her into a flatter position as I suck in a deep breath, trying to ready myself for this. Then, with mild hesitation, I lower my head and press my lips to her heated flesh. The sparks explode and I have to squeeze my eyes shut, reminding myself I am saving her life. This is not the moment for my lycan to go crazy or for my body to assume things that would be offensive to her.
My tongue gently feels for the scratch, finding it before I suck deeply, her skin lifting into my mouth. At first there is nothing, no liquid, or blood, so I open my lips a little wider, gazing up at her as she seems to grow conscious and lift her head to watch me. I suck deeper, her eyebrows knitting together in confusion before a gentle pop vibrates under my lips and I can feel a burning liquid as it rushes into my mouth.
I release her, spitting to the side before stooping back down again, sucking harder, faster in fear I am too slow to save her. Thin fingers wrap into my hair, gripping a tight as her soft painful cries turn to a moan as she arches her back, her stomach lifting from the ground. I release my mouth again, spitting a black liquid mixed with blood as I furrow my brows and assess her wound. Her fingers pull my head back, my chin rising as I slide a look in her direction.
The haze is gone, the one that made
it so easy to see that she was not
set
herself. We lock eyes, my heart racing as try to gauge what she s thinking. Her bottom lip quivers
before she traps it between
her
teeth, closes her eyes, and looks away. 
"Does it feel better?" I ask her, my voice husky as I try to control my erratic breathing.
"I-I think so." She croaks, pressing her head back into the dirt. "What the hell was that?"
"I am not entirely sure yet." I admit and she seems confused.
"But you sucked it out of me, anyway?" She asks.
"Of course." I glare at her. "Have I not made it clear I will do everything to make sure you are safe?"
"Where is the baby?" She asks,
jolting straight up with a groan as she looks to the side. Kyra exhales, dragging a hand over her face in exhaustion. "Can we sleep here tonight?" 
"Yeah, you two sleep. I will do watch duty." I say, pushing away from her, then spitting out the strange taste in my mouth.
Her hand reaches out, catching me as she strokes her thumb over the top of my hand. I feel my heart skip a beat as I gaze down at her touch.
"Yes?" I ask her, lifting my eyes after
a moment to meet hers. There isz sorrow and confusion in them. A woman falling apart while still somehow managing to stay put together. 
"Could you...could you stay with us?" She whispers, and I chuckle.
"I won't go far, I promise." I tell her, but she squeezes my hand tighter, her face flashing pale as she shakes her head no.
"Could you...hold us." She whispers, her cheeks growing pink as I gape at her.
"H-h-hold you?" I stutter out and she nods her head.
"Just this once?"
###Chapter 180
Kyra's lips purse as she breathes softly through them, her hair still caked to her forehead and cheeks from where she was sweating. I want nothing more than to sweep the strands from her face, caressing her still flushed skin. But I hold back, refusing to allow myself these small stolen moments. Then again, if stolen moments are the only moments we are destined for, is it wrong to act on them? She mumbles as she adjusts her position with my arm up, allowing her to move as she twists her body toward me. Her chin tilts up, putting the full force of her spectacular freckles on display.
There is no force strong enough in the world to stop me as my fingers gently brush over her brow, freeing her face of the sweat dried hair. Heavens, she is so perfect. More so than when she left. Kyra would have worn me down in a week had she stayed. My ability to tell her no, to see her in pain, would have seen me rejecting any mate that came my way.
I don't know if I did the right thing by rejecting her and ignoring her. I was trying to protect her from the hurt of knowing she wasn't fated to be mine. That little voice in the back of her head saying there is someone else better for me than her. And I was trying to save myself from the fear of finding someone else while I was with her.
"You stayed," she whispers, startling me as I yank my hand back and clear my throat.
"I thought you wanted me to?" I ask, a nervousness causing me to swallow a growing lump in my throat. What if she asked only because she was poisoned and she doesn't remember?
"No, I know it's just that..." She frowns, and looks down at the baby in her arms. "I just figured you would run off after we fell asleep."
"You were shivering." I lie, clearing my throat yet again, and I sit up and look away. Why am I feeling like I need to lie to her? Kyra is well aware that we are mates, I have told her as much and it seems a mately duty to do as she asks.
"I must have been cold." She whispers, but I can hear the doubt in her voice. When I turn to look at her, she is sporting a ghost of a smile. Her eyes watch me closely, peering through me as if she can read my every thought. Kyra knows why I stayed, and she knows why I lied.
"Probably." I mutter, pushing myself up to stand as I turn and look for something to do, anything to do.
"What do you think was used to poison me?" She asks, sitting up as the baby fusses, flailing his little arms.
"That is a good question." I mutter, moving around the trees to find the dead wizard we had discarded earlier. I squat down, pushing the leaves around, looking for any sign of foul play. There is nothing, not a vial or even a familiar scent to the one on him. Until I move closer, leaning down near his head. A thick ooze leaks from the back of his skull.
"What the hell?" I mutter to myself, gripping his rigid shoulders and pushing him over. He has been dead for far too long for something to be bleeding out of him. The memory of the zombie wolves comes to mind, and I wonder if there is now a similar situation with the wizards. The fae have divided, so it is not impossible.
A strong scent slams into me, causing me to fall back on my ass and gag as I drop him and scramble away. The putrid smell is worse than death, but that of a carcass used to grow spores and attract bugs for mating. And yet, there is a floral hint, one I know but struggle to place as I reach out and hesitantly touch it.
It burns on contact; the ooze sizzling my skin as I hiss and wipe it on the grass, shaking my hand. I look at it with care, my nose scrunched in disbelief as I inspect not only my injured finger, but the smell one more time. "What is that?" Kyra asks. She is now standing, watching me from behind a tree, the baby in her arms.
I pull my brows together in deep thought. I almost think it is wolfsbane in some form or another, but why does it burn now and not before when I sucked it from her wound? Fuck, why does nothing make sense anymore?
"I'm not sure," I huff, my frustration only growing as I stand and storm over to her. Kyra's eyes flare as she takes a cautious step back before I reach out and take the baby into my arms. The infant boy fusses, the tiniest pout on his little lips before his dark eyes close, and he lets out a screech of dislike.
"What are you doing?" Kyra panics, reaching for me as I spin away from her.
"I am looking him over to see if he is hurt, Ky. To make sure he doesn't have any of this shit on him." I mutter, peeling back the fabric wrapped around him. His little fists fly up as if he is ready to fight, which only makes me smirk. This little guy came into this world the center of a war and is ready to swing at his foes.
"He is fine," Kyra assures me, her hand on my back as she hobbles closer, trying to peek around my arm. "I have checked him over numerous times already. Just give him back to me. Please."
The panic in her voice, the way it quivers as she clenches onto my arm, has me turning to look at her. I take a step back, giving us space as I sigh and try like hell not to give her a look of pity. "I think it is best for me to take him for a little while."
"No, I am fine. Now give him back.
What if you drop him, or you are too rough, or maybe your scars will scare him?" She seems frantic, like she had been before, back when she was in her daze and convinced I was her dead mate and this was her own child. My heart breaks as tilt my head and exhale, my lip curling down in distress. 
"Kyra." I say softly and she looks at me, taking her eyes off the baby for a moment and she blinks.
"Shit. I'm sorry about saying that about your scars. It's just that..."
I take a step closer to her, then another, then I reach out and cup her cheek with my deformed hand.
"Look at me." I say, demanding her undivided attention. "This is not your baby. He has a family, one he belongs with, and when we unite them, it will end this war."
She tries to argue, but I rub my thumb over her lips, quieting her. Kyra's eyes twinkle in the way only a bond can make them twinkle. She knows, she knows and has been lying.
"I am not Tyler." The memory of her calling me by his name, aching in my chest.
"I know," she whispers, tears filling her eyes. "Hayes-"
"And this is not our baby." I say, making sure she understands.
"I know," her voice is soft, more of a breath.
"And we are mates." I tell her, no longer asking if she feels it but demanding that she admit it. Her eyes fall closed, a tear streaking down her cheek.
"I know that too." She tries to look away. "Everything feels...He feels like he is mine, and whatever that was, it made me - The truth got skewed and I-"
My face softens, and I drop my hand, gently pressing the baby into her arms. She doesn't take her eyes off of me, her lip caught between her teeth as she searches my face for something.
"We will deal with the mate bond when we have time. But for now, when you need the truth, look to me like you used to. Trust me, like I never hurt you."
She nods, more tears falling.
"Now, we need to get out of this area. I don't like what this asshole has in him."
"What does that mean?" Kyra asks, looking past me.
"It means there is some weird shit going on in these woods, and unfortunately for us, Lycans aren't impervious to the type of magic or weird shit going on around here. In order to keep you two safe, we need to move."
She frowns down at her leg as I
reach down and scoop her up, baby and all, into my arms. Her leg still needs more time to heal, even with it making progress. A broken lege needs more than a day and with the constant contact with a mate, she Will heal faster. 
"I can walk," she says, and I scoff.
"Very slowly with that leg and I'd rather move at a decent rate." I mutter as she scoffs, but I see the smile on her lips, which brings one to my own.
She knows we are mates, and she admitted it. And her trust may be temporary but at least I have it for a little while. Now I need to focus on getting her safe. Her and this little being that will save thousands of lives across many species. 
###Chapter 181
*Kyra*
"Are you sure you know where you are going?" I ask Hayes for the one millionth time over the last three days.
His muscles are tense, every step making them flex as if he is in pain. He has taken minimal breaks, stopping only to allow me to stretch my legs. The baby has slept, not a single peep, no food, no wet or poopy britches.
"Yes, Kyra." He says, not a hint of anger or annoyance as I look up at his exhausted face.
"I can walk now, Hayes. You don't have to carry me anymore. It's been three whole days."
He scans the area in front of us, saying nothing as his jaw clenches and he tightens his arms on me. I turn my head, looking for what he seems to see: a quick movement in the dense leaves and a shift in the wind. I try to allow myself to smell the air, but all I can scent is Hayes and the somehow almost comatose dragon baby in my arms.
"Someone is here." I murmur, low enough only for him to hear. He skirts his eyes to me, a curious glance before he stops, and lowers me down gently.
"I can sense them, but I can't see them." He mutters, keeping both hands on my waist as he tugs me close to him like he is fearful someone might try to take me from him.
"To your left, it's too dense in here for a breeze yet, the trees sway and the leaves move." I tip my chin in the direction and he gently pulls me behind him, one hand reaching around his back and resting on me.
"Come on out." Hayes demands, his tone a threat and far from a request.
A dark figure takes a few steps toward us, pausing just as I recognize his frame. I press my hand to Hayes' back, leaning in gently.
"It's Teiran." I tell him, but his muscles don't relax, his protective demeanor unchanged, which surprises me. "Hayes."
"You guys covered decent ground." Teiran says, stepping closer to us, a curious glint in his eyes as he tilts his head, looking at Hates. "Though you both look like shit."
"How long did it take for you to find us?" Hayes asks.
"Not very long. I spent a day or two with your brother and Colette, trying to make sense of Ezrah and his frantic screaming and threats."
"What did Ezrah have to say?" I ask, peeking out from behind Hayes' shoulder, still shielding the baby from view.
"He was screaming about how we stole the egg. He didn't have it. The messenger boy even cried and then tried to kill himself for failing to protect the child." Teiran scoffs. "Clearly, he doesn't realize how resilient a dragon egg is, tougher than rocks." Hayes looks over at me, a message in his eyes as he flicks them down to where the baby is. Something happened to hatch the dragon boy, be it the egg breaking or it being ready to come out, but what does it mean that he has been born? "What happens if it does?" I whisper, clearing my throat. "I mean, if an egg does break?"
Teiran snorts, his hands moving to his hips as he shakes his head.
"An egg doesn't just break, not on its own or by force."
Hayes looks at the ground, then he exhales deeply before he takes a step to the side, exposing me and the baby. I watch Teiran's eyes blink and grow wider with every passing second. His chest heaves in disbelief before he breaks into a dry chuckle. "I don't fucking believe this shit." he shakes his head and then drags his large hand over his face. "Where the fuck did the baby come from?"
"The egg." I tell him, my brows furrowing in confusion.
"Bullshit." He growls, stepping closer. His eyes glow a fiery red, a warning that his dragon wants to emerge. I take a step backward, Hayes flying in between us, a warning in his body language as he seems to grow in height, his frame shielding me. "Why the fuck would we lie?" Hayes hisses at him.
"I have some of the shell," I rush out, pulling it from the little blanket with the baby. "Look for yourself."
Teiran seems to seethe, his lips pressed together as they move wildly as if he is fighting with himself. Then he drags his hands through his hair and, with caution, places it out for me to give him the shell.
I take a hesitant step toward him, my chest feeling tight as I give it to him and he lifts it to his nose, dragging it along his face. An unearthly rumble emits from his chest as he shakes his head and opens his eyes, looking at the baby asleep in my arms, confused. "How the hell...?" He murmurs, looking at Hayes for a moment before he takes a step closer, his arms outstretched for the baby.
"H-he is a boy." I stutter out, my heart fluttering in disappointment as I lift the little bundle and hand him over to his older brother. Teiran's face changes from confusion to awe as he takes him in hand, then he lifts him.
The blanket falls away, the little baby finally stirring as what looks like embers seem to glow in his veins. Teiran does the same, like a fuse lit and traveling toward the bomb. Hayes grabs my hand, pulling me back as I fight him off, not wanting to leave the baby.
I know he isn't mine. That isn't the
child I carried and lost. I didn't birth him, but I held him for days, cuddled him, and cared for him since the moment he came out. There is a bond there, a desire to want to keep
the little fragile thing sate Tro
harm. What if Teiran tries to kill the baby? 
"Hayes," I argue with him, pushing him off as I keep my eyes on the little flaming lights dancing over their bodies. But Hayes is determined as he bends down and lifts me over his shoulder.
"It's too hot for us." He grunts, breaking into a sprint.
"I don't feel any heat!" I roar, reaching for them as they burst into a flame that takes my breath away.
My heart explodes, then sinks to my stomach, a sob breaking from my lips as Hayes slams me into the base of a large tree, his massive body covering mine as heat blasts past us. I try to stop the crying, holding him tight as I bury my head into his chest. "It's okay, I've got you," he murmurs over and over before he finally stands and helps me to my feet.
"I don't want to see." I murmur, shaking my tear-stained face.
"Kyra, they are dragons. They live and breathe fire." He grabs my face in both of his hands, forcing me to look in his eyes. "They are fine. Look!"
I whip around to see Teiran laughing with a little lively baby in his hands. The infant now looks like it is months old, holding its head up on its own while giggling.
I blink, confused, my mouth falling open as I grip Hayes' hand in mine and squeeze it tight. This doesn't make sense, not that I know anything about dragon babies, but this...seems strange, magical.
I take measured steps toward them,
my mouth fully agape as they look at me and Teiran points to me. The baby giggles and coos, sticking its chubby hands out like it wants me to take it. My nose stings with fresh tears forming and I pinch my brow with my free hand, shaking my head. 
"I don't understand..." I mutter.
"He is a dragon," Teiran announces happily.
"But, you...I mean, what the hell was that?" I stutter, eyes still wide in shock.
Teiran looks down at my hand in Hayes, his lips pressing together before he looks back up at me.
"That was the royal blood flowing through us. It was a test to see what he was and burn out anything else. He is truly only just dragon." He announces. "But he is a motherless prince, or so I thought."
The little chubby dragon baby whines, a whimper and pout on his lips as he tries to get to me. I happily reach out, taking him in my arms and grinning at my little buddy.
"I was worried about him." I admit. "He slept the entire time and never once tried for food or even needed a diaper change."
"Dragons can survive years without food. Even in infancy, the dragon protects, almost like a hibernation." Teiran says, his voice closer as he leans over me, looking down at the baby. "But there is one thing they can not survive without." "Mmm, and what is that?" I ask, not bothering to look up as I make baby noises and play with the soft chubby hands.
"A motherly figure." He whispers.
"Over my dead fucking body." Hayes roars from behind me.
I feel his hand on my back before it
drifts away and suddenly a massive claw wraps around my body and I am being lifted. Trees creak and break as wood splinters down over Hayes as he shifts into his lycan form and throws his head back in a terrifying roar that makes my chest ache as I watch him grow smaller as we lift further into the sky. 
###Chapter 182
not until I look down at him I realize he is watching me with curious, sad eyes.
Every scream goes unheard as the wind rips away my cries for Hayes and demands to be put down. My throat is dry and sore and my lips cracked from the icy wind as I hold the baby tightly to my chest, his warmth heating me as if I were hugging an electric blanket. It's "It's okay, little guy," I whisper hoarsely. Not that he can understand what I am saying, but he seems to tilt his head before his chunky fists clench my shirt tighter. Teiran makes a tight turn, forcing me to close my eyes as I squeal, ducking my head to the baby in fear before the massive wings slow and finally my feet touch the ground again.
A breeze shifts around me, and I can hear the snapping of bones as they rearrange. When I open my eyes, I see a fire burning in the corner, one of those magic dragon flames emitting little to no smoke. I whirl around ready to lay into Teiran for his shit move, only to find him not there. My mouth falls open as my brows furrow, and I take two hesitant steps.
"Teiran." I call out, my throat aching.
"There is tea over by the fire." His voice echoes from somewhere as I look up, noting the stone ceiling, the walls and as I look at my feet, even the floor is made of stone.
"I don't want anything." I bite out at him wherever the hell he is.
"Why? We are going to be here a while and your voice sounds rough" His voice echoes again and I spin to see him sauntering closer. His black shirt clings to his frame as he leans into the curved rock wall.
"Because you are taking me back to Hayes." I scoff, and he chuckles.
"That is far from what I will be doing." He smiles sweetly before he pushes off the wall and brushes past me.
"What are you doing?" I hiss at him as he hums to himself, ignoring me as I move closer to the fire, reluctantly enjoying the warmth. Teiran goes about his business, gathering tea from a tiny carved out stone cupboard and then grabs a pot, pouring water into it from a jug before he moves it to the fire.
"Teiran," I say softly, trying not to sound like a beggar, but the pleading slips through. I miss Hayes already. "Please."
"Please what, Kyra?" He asks, not looking up as he stands and moves behind me, dragging a cot closer for me to sit.
"Please take me back." I whisper, a tear slipping down my cheek.
"Sorry, but no." He grunts, then he moves over to me and reaches out, removing the baby from my arms as he lays him down in a pile of furs on the ground.
"Why the fuck-"
"Shhh," He interrupts me, pressing a finger to his lips. "We will discuss this after he has been down for a few minutes and after you have had some tea. Your voice is grating in my ears. It sounds like I'm arguing with a man."
I gape at him as he shakes his head and busies himself with other things while I stew in the anger of my sudden kidnapping and ache in my chest from being so far from someone I only just found again.
"Why am I here?" I whisper, tired of the silence, of the aching in my chest and this stupid war.
"Sip on this," He mutters, shoving a ceramic mug into my hands.
"I don't want it."
"Then I won't answer any questions until you drink it." He shrugs, taking a seat on the ground and leaning back onto his palms.
I grind my teeth together and sneer at him as I sip the hot tea. It burns my throat as I swallow it down, a hint of amusement in his eyes as I make sure to stare at him. After I empty the glass, I place it down and move to the ground, away from the sleeping baby. "Better?" he asks, arching a brow with a smirk tugging at his lips.
"Why did you leave Hayes behind?" I ask, getting straight to the point. He sighs heavily and rolls his head from shoulder to shoulder like he is stretching.
"I don't need him." He finally says, choosing his words carefully.
"And you need me?" I snort in disbelief.
"Yes." the word slips from his lips with ease and I scoff a disbelieving chuckle.
"What, you need a babysitter?" I ask him, rolling my eyes.
When I look back at him, he is leaning forward, his eyes trained on me, causing me to shy away. He moves onto his knees, crawling in my direction as I scoot back, unease growing in my stomach.
"No," he mutters, as I put my leg out, trying to create space as he infringes on mine.
"Could you stop stalking me like I'm a meal?" I grind out, grimacing as I look him up and down. It's not that Teiran isn't attractive, and for anyone else, not madly, hopelessly in love with someone they were never meant to have. This would work. "I need a mate in order to make this all work." He says, stopping his advance.
"Then go fucking find a willing one." I grunt.
"That is part of the problem, Kyra. I don't get to choose, the circumstances found me and I didn't choose you," he says, growing inpatient.
"Oh wow, that's a great way to win a woman over." I snort.
Teiran stands, his hands going to his hips as his tongue presses to the inside of his mouth.
"In order for this plan to work we need to be mated, Kyra." he says, determined to convince me that there is no world in which I will ever willingly mate with anyone while I am mated to Hayes. "Hayes is my mate." I tell him and he laughs.
"The guy has every intention of rejecting you and then dying." He says as if each word doesn't stab me in the heart. "I will make you a queen."
"Rule a kingdom of the species that killed my original mate?" I ask, but it's less of a question and more a laugh. "Teiran, I have no desire to be a queen or mate with a dragon." "Then be a mother." He blurts.
"One day I will be again." I whisper, and I watch the way confusion dances over his face.
"You don't understand, dragon younglings bond with their mother once that bond is initiated there is no going back."
"Then what about him?" I ask, looking at the chubby baby happily sleeping. "His mom is dead. What will happen to him?"
"You are his mother." He says the words as if I am the one lacking any common sense.
"Like hell I am."
"He imprinted on you!" he hisses. "You broke the egg and the first damn thing he saw was you and your maternal instinct to protect. By a child's standards that makes you mom!"
"So what you are saying is I am suddenly the mother of a child. I didn't birth of a species I am not?" I scoff. "And I'm not the one that broke the damn egg."
"Yes! And that means that you are now the best way to end this war."
"I'm going to need you to explain this in a little more detail. How the hell am I the best way?"
"That baby, he needs you in order to survive. Okay? That means taking him to my father, with you in tow, a Lycan who saved him who he is imprinted on, he can not kill you. But-" "But what?" I ask, narrowing my eyes.
"He will try to take you as a mate, the mother to his child." He sits back on his knees.
"Oh, hell no!" I bark out a laugh. "I'd rather-"
"Mate with a deformed, mentally unstable ex beta who doesn't really want you?," he grumbles, "yeah I gathered as much. Am I so much worse looking than him?" "Hayes is the most handsome man I have ever laid eyes on." I say, a small smile on my lips.
Hayes' scars have somehow
become one of the things I love most about him. The way they
remind him and me of how fickle life can be, even for those of us who are hard to kill. Hayes is the reminder that we need to live in the moment and when I see him, I see a man with depth, a shitty attitude, yes, but a man who has so much more to offer. 
"Handsome or not, he will die soon, along with your alpha and Luna, if we do not end this war. You think they were desperate before? They are barely holding on, losing numbers every day. This plan is drastic, but it is one I know for a fact will work. Come home with me, be my mate, and we can save
everyone." 
I press my lips together, not sure what to do or how to feel.
"What exactly does a dragon mating entail? And is there a way to fake it?" I whisper, rolling my shoulders back.
"I'm not sure how long we would have to fake it." He says, making sure I understand. "And for the baby's sake, you will need to remain at my side until he is at least old enough to understand you aren't abandoning him." "How long will that take?" I ask, feeling my body deflate with disappointment.
"The sooner we start all of this, the faster he will age and grow."
"A couple weeks?" I ask hopefully, and he frowns at me.
"More like years," he says with a frown.
"I can't do that," I tell him, my eyes tearing up as I shake my head, standing and taking a step back. Then I spin and sprint toward the opening, Terian stalking behind me at a slow pace.
"There is no escaping from here, Kyra." He calls out behind me. "I'm not the bad guy here,"
"It sure as shit feels like it!" I growl out and he chuckles.
"I am doing this for everyone's sake. It is a sacrifice for me as well."
"I can't do it,” mutter, coming to the
opening and struggling to stop before the edge as I look down, the breath wheezing from my lungs as look down at the rocky
bel.
mountainside and distant trees.
There really is no way out. Of
this
damn place and this damn plan.
###Chapter 183
*Hayes*
My heart pumps fury through my veins as I enter pack territory, soaring through the trees, waiting for the border warriors to catch my scent. I have looked for six long days and there is nothing of Kyra anywhere. Nothing but the memory of her and the little moments I stole. I shift as I reach the pack house, swooping by the dead stump for a pair of basketball shorts and a shirt. The second I tug them on, I hear the warning from the border about my intrusion and frown to myself. Have things here truly been that bad?
And now I have reached a level of desperation I never knew I would find.
I stride toward the pack house doors, letting myself in as I make my way down the hall and straight to Merikh's office. It's eerie how quiet it is in here, no warriors guarding the door or workers preparing breakfast like they usually would at this time. What has my skin prickling is the lack of noise or movement, especially with the alarm going off informing everyone of an intruder.
I spin around, looking up and down. The floor is clean, and there is no dust, so someone must be keeping the place up. But the question is, where is Merikh if he is not rushing out of the house to protect his pack? When I make it to his office doors, I hesitate, thinking about knocking. I decide against it, though, when I lean forward and smell a hint of coffee.
I shove the double doors open, stepping into the well lit room, Merikh sitting at his desk, his eyes on me expectantly. He looks tired, damn near exhausted really, as he motions to the steaming mug of coffee sitting on the edge of the desk nearer me. It seems he was expecting me. "Brother," I start and he seems shocked to hear the title come from my mouth.
"I felt you enter the territory." He smiles softly, again motioning for me to come and take the mug and have a seat. "I just brewed that cup for you."
"You can still feel when I enter?" I ask, and he chuckles.
"Hayes, you are my brother and my true beta. The pack only feels right when you are in it." He says, then he leans forward and drags his hand down his face.
"I need your help." I whisper.
"I know." He nods as he places his hands on the desk and stands, pacing around the desk and stopping in front of me. "Kyra is missing, yes?"
My brows furrow and I tilt my head to the side, watching my brother's expression as he tries to hide something from me. How the hell could he possibly know that she is missing? Unless...she is here? Or has Teiran made a demand for her return?
"Kyra was kidnapped by Teiran." I say slowly, watching his demeanor as he exhales heavily and looks away from me and out the window. I get the feeling he knew that. Somehow, he knows everything I know and more. I can sense it in the way he tries to avoid me. "But you already know that, Don't you, Merikh?"
He slowly nods his head.
"Yes, I knew that." He admits. "I have been waiting for you since we received word."
It feels like another betrayal, but instead of allowing my anger to take hold of me like I have done for too long, I shove my hands in my pockets and step into his space, making sure he has to look at me.
"I think I need to know everything you know," I grit out, and he meets my demanding gaze.
"You will not like it," He frowns. "And truth be told, I am tired of hurting you, Hayes. All this time, everything I have done has been to protect you from yourself, but once I share with you what I know...I am afraid it will break you."
I chuckle darkly, taking a step back.
"You can't break what's already broken,"
His eyes grow sad, his brows drooping as he looks at the ground and then looks back up at me.
"With a mindset like that, you are sure to be ruined." He says with a frown.
"I don't have the patience for this." I growl, growing irritated with every second I have to wait for more information. "Kyra is my mate and I need to find her."
"So you can reject her?" Merikh asks. "Or do you plan to have her experience your death without rejecting her first?"
"I need to make sure she is safe." I grind out, unsure of how to answer his questions. Truth be told, I haven't thought about what is next. All I know is I need Kyra, and I need to know she is okay. The rest will fall into place. "She is safe." Merikh says, again, looking away from me when he says it.
My eyes narrow as I laugh bitterly.
"She is safe? I will determine if she is safe when I can see her, touch her." I tell him, my voice raising as he frowns and again drags a hand down his face.
"All you need to know for now is she is safe. I have had word from her and Teiran-"
"And you trust that fucking asshole?" I roar, no longer able to keep my cool. "He stole her from me. Just as things were getting better, just as she was healed and I was realizing..."
"The war is over, Hayes." He growls out. "Over. The dragons have retreated and Ezrah was transferred to their custody."
I scoff, turning and pacing away from him before I turn on my heels and pinch the bridge of my nose.
"How, I don't understand. Did Teiran return his brother to the dragon king?"
"In a way..." He answers, his head moving side to side in thought.
"What the fuck does that mean?" I ask and Merikh moves past me, plopping down in the tufted brown leather chair, and a heavy sigh leaving his lips.
"It's fucking complicated and I am trying to figure it out, Hayes. I need you to trust that I am doing everything I can to fix this."
My chest rumbles with annoyance and frustration as I throw my hands up in defeat.
"Fix what?" I scream at him.
The doors fly open behind me and Colette rushes in, hesitating in her steps for a moment, her eyes growing wide as she sees me.
"Hayes!" she squeals, a genuine smile taking over her face. "It is so good to see you are okay."
"Colette," I say, giving her a curt nod before zeroing in on Merikh again. "I want answers, NOW!"
Colette moves over to Merikh, resting her hand on his and I can see the two of them having a mind link conversation. My body tingles with anger, my fists clenching and unclenching as I try to remain in control of my emotions. "She is my mate, brother." I say, my voice quivering. "I am begging you. It feels like I have not been able to breathe since the moment she was taken. Everything is fucking gray without her red hair and snappy wit."
"Hayes, I am not sure you will handle the news well," Colette says, looking at me with a mixture of pity and sympathy on her face.
It feels like my heart stops, my blood seizing in its veins as I swallow roughly. "Please, I am begging. I will come home, and I will be beta again if that is what you want, just... Tell me where she is."
Colette looks at Merikh, a pleading look in her eyes as he looks away and then gives her tight nod, giving her permission to tell me.
"Kyra is safe in the Dragon kingdom." She starts.
I immediately scoff and roll my eyes.
"Dragons are not safe. They maim, burn, and kill anyone who thinks or acts differently. The war may be over, but they are still the enemy."
Colette takes a few steps toward
me, that same look of sympathy and
pity on
out, for face. Then she r
out, taking hold of my hand, her thumb running over my scarred skin as she closes her eyes and shudders before a tear slips out. 
"She will be here in two days for the ceremony."
"What ceremony?" I ask, my mouth dry as I force myself to play stupid.
"Teiran is to be the king, and his mate of choice is the one the child imprinted on...." She says calmly, watching me as it all hits me.
"Kyra...is...she is taking him as a
mate?" I whisper the world, feeling bleak and cold again. It feels like I am being consumed by the grief again, the small bits of me I used to be that have only just resurfaced, trying to face away into obscurity. 
"I will fix this, Hayes." Merikh says, suddenly rushing over. "There is no world where I will allow you to lose another mate. I know you blame me for Leandra, but this...I will not stand
for it There must be a way around it all 
"She is coming here?" I whisper, looking up at them.
"Yes, the ceremony is meant to be one of unity and peace. A union between a Lycan and a Dragon, first of its kind." Colette explains. "It might be best if you aren't here for it."
"I will stay." I tell them, clearing my throat. "If she wishes to truly do this, she will need to tell me herself and reject me."
"Hayes," Merikh says, his voice soft like a father who is trying to console a child who is hurting.
"I can live happily if I know it is her choice, one she makes freely and not because she feels she needs to." I tell him.
"And if it's not her choice?" Colette asks, but I can tell she knows the answer.
"Then I am taking what is mine, and I am keeping it."
###Chapter 184
Two days feels like a hell of a lot more like two years as I wake on the day of Kyra's pending arrival. I have done everything to occupy my mind and lycan from bathing incessantly to going for runs and training. Merikh has always been the better fighter, with a quick reflex But I have improved since losing Leandra, pouring every ounce of myself into becoming a formidable force. One that can protect what is his. Where I failed once before to protect my mate, I refuse to ever fail Kyra in the same manner. If I have to slay a dragon to do it this
and ability to channel his lycan in a way I could never imagine.
time, so be it.
Little giggles fill the hall, followed quickly by the padding footfalls of my niece and nephew. The ones I all but abandoned in my self pity. I never thought I would be the uncle who the kids didn't know. But How could I love little innocent children when I couldn't even bear to look at myself?
With a nervous sigh and an attempt to kill time until someone announces Teiran and Kyra are here. I stand and move toward the doorway, leaning against the frame.
The two little toddlers race down the hall, their little hands flailing and their knees unbending as they screech happily. The second they look up, they stop, eyes wide, before taking a small step back. Little Dylan spins on his heels and races back where he came from while Harmony blinks at me, her chubby face scrunching before she grins wildly.
"Hess!" she squeals, clapping her hands. Merikh scoops up Dylan, his eyes meeting mine as I look up.
"What did she say?" I ask, and he grins.
"She is trying to say Hayes. Colette shows them photos of you every night and tells them your name." He explains, coming closer as Harmony toddles closer to her. Then she wraps her little stout arms around my leg.
"She didn't want them to be afraid of me when they met me, huh?" I ask, feeling a layer of ice in my chest melt away.
"No, she just wanted them to know you existed," He shrugs. "You aren't quite as scary as you believe you are, Hayes."
I look down at Harmony, who grins up at me, her puffy cheeks dimpling. My hand reaches out and I hesitantly pat her on the head and give her a smile back. Then she turns and rushes over to Merikh.
"I will be right back," He says, the twins taking up both of his arms. "I am heading to deliver them to mommy for breakfast. Isn't that right?"
"Eggs!" Harmony squeals and Dylan licks his little lips, prompting a grin from me as they pass by and I wait where I am for Merikh to make his way back.
I pace in the living room, moving toward the window, looking up at the sky in hopes of seeing a dragon carrying my mate. Wishful thinking turns to utter devastation when I see nothing. My stomach twists painfully and I drop into the couch with a grunt.
My hands come over my face, dragging down my skin as I shake my head, trying to rid myself of the sick feeling deep in my gut that only grows stronger. If Kyra were in danger and close, my Lycan would be spiraling out, but it's not a lycan feeling. It's a heaviness in my heart, a weight on my soul.
"You look awful," Merikh says, his footsteps coming into the room as I nod my head and exhale.
"Yeah, well, I feel like shit. My stomach is in knots and my body feels...out of sorts." I mutter. "That's because you are anxious." Merikh sighs. "I promise she is okay."
I rest my head on the back of the couch, staring up at the ceiling.
"Until I see her, until I can... physically be near her, I won't believe that. I can't." I murmur.
It feels strange, and yet familiar, to be here next to Merikh and opening up about things.
"When did you realize she was your mate?" Merikh asks, looking at me curiously. "I mean, it was obvious she knew from the beginning."
"What?" I ask, my mouth dry as I try to swallow his words. "She only recently found out."
"Bullshit. She knew it was there long before you did. Kyra struggled with that bond the whole time."
Guilt washes over me. My idiotic ways, the things I said and did that hurt her, abandoning her and leaving her in dangerous situations. Fuck. "I've been so lost for so long, I forgot how to recognize anything remotely close to happiness."
"No, you've been living in the past and when you finally realized you could have a future, that's when you recognized it."
I lift my head, my eyes meeting his as he watches me with a look of concern. The same look he has worn since the day I placed all the blame on him.
"When did you become the wise one?" I ask, trying to make light of the years I tried to cut him from my life, the years I wanted to hate him and die instead.
"We are wise in our own ways, Hayes." He snorts. "When I was blind to things, you were my eyes. And for the last two years, I have tried to be your eyes, so you can see."
"Yeah," I groan, sitting forward, pressing my elbows into my knees. "Didn't make that easy for you at all."
"You went through something terrible, and I took a choice away from you." He shrugs. "I can't imagine many people enjoying that."
"Well," I clear my throat, "I suppose I see now that it wasn't a terrible thing for me."
"Hayes," Merikh sighs, turning to look at me with his whole body, a conflicted look on his face. "As the. Alpha, there are some things I shouldn't be telling you about this new treaty, considering Thatch is the Beta and you no longer are, but I can't bring myself to keep you out of the loop." 
A part of me wants to tell him to
keep the secret, that it is no longer my place to be privy to any information.regarding the pack. But a larger part of me sees in his eyes that this concerns Kyra, which means it one hundred percent concerns me as well. So I greedily wait for him to continue, hoping for some information I can use to
formulate a plan to take back what
is mine. 
"In order to overthrow the Dragon king, Teiran needs to be mated to Kyra. The child, Dragon Prince Tiago, needs a mother and has chosen Kyra to be that person."
"And why does that mean she would mate with the kid's brother?" I scoff, standing from the couch, trying to control my rising anger.
"Because it was Teiran or an old, deranged dragon king, Hayes. Teiran is doing what needs to be done to help Kyra."
"By forcing her to accept him because she has no other option? What does that mean for their mating night? Huh? It's essentially rape!" I roar and he frowns, looking down at the ground. Merikh stands and shoves his hands in his pockets, nodding his head. "Like what I did with Colette," Merikh murmurs and my shoulders slump and I groan.
"No, no, not like that. Colette was your mate the whole time. Kyra has a mate, one that wants her. She has me!"
"Will you shut up and listen?
Dragons do not claim a mate the
same way we do. It is not a marking and sex. They brand their chosen mate, marking them as theirs, but it does hot tether the other to them and it will not undo your mate's bond with Kyra." He rushes out, gripping my shoulders. 
"His mark will still be on her skin." I growl low in my chest. Merikh yanks me close, his mouth near my ear.
"Terian plans to kill the king." He whispers.
"And what good will that do other than make him be excommunicated again?" I hiss back.
"He has his own plan for all of that."
"And how do we know he won't place the blame on us?" I scoff, shoving away from Merikh. "What stops him from reigniting a whole new war by claiming it was us who killed the king?"
Merikh groans, dragging a hand over his face, then he paces away to the doorway looking out and checking if the coast is clear. Then he paces back to me, his lips pressed together in frustration. "You need to keep your voice down," He growls.
"We are in your pack house. Who the hell would tell anyone of your plans?" I scoff and he frowns. "There was a Fae that came with Teiran the first time, when Ezrah was brought to us originally." "Flora," My eyes widen in surprise. "She is still here?"
"Yes, she is staying in the pack house, so lower your voice," He reminds me.
"I need to speak with her now." I say, rushing out of the living room. "Which room is she in?"
###Chapter 185
*Kyra*
The person in the mirror is unrecognizable. A woman dawned with jewels and a gown made of golden embellishments, weaved with skilled hands to highlight every curve. Every time I turn, I reflect every sliver of light, igniting the room in soft yellow hues. My hand glides over my nervous stomach, trying to soothe myself. I look stunning; I feel stunning and yet...
I hate it.
I hate how this gown wasn't one I got to choose, or how the colors make my face look pale and my freckles have been covered with makeup to make me appear, in their words, 'Blemish free'. This dress is every bit dragon and zero bit me. Hell, even little Tiago who sits on the bed behind me is scrunching his nose in distaste. "It's awful." I mutter, and he falls backwards, laughing. "Oh, really?"
I spin and rush toward the little chubby beast, grabbing his ankle gently and tugging him toward me as I tickle his tummy.
"Is that funny, huh? You think it's so funny that I don't like it, huh?" I giggle along with him, the only bright spot in this dark cave of a mountain I am now coerced into calling home.
"Mama," he squeals and I stop, my hands shaking and my mouth dry. He blinks, grabbing my hand with his tiny fingers, grinning wide. "Mama,"
"Oh, no, no, sweetie. It's Ky not Mama." I croak, clearing my throat as I drop to my knees with difficulty, the dress squeezing on my thighs tight, but at least it's distracting from the grip on my chest.
"Is that the first time he has called you that?" Teiran asks, strolling out of the bathroom. He looks smart in this ashen gray suit with gold asymmetrical button crossing from his left hip up to his right shoulder, where the lapel lays down over his chest in the same golden embroidery that matches my gown.
"Yeah, it's just what all kiddos say first when they learn to talk. You know, dada and mama." I smile at the little baby, still weirded out by the random growth spurts that age him anywhere from days to weeks just over night.
"To him you are his mother," Teiran reminds me, Reach out a hand to help me up.
"I am aware of that," I mutter, feeling uneasy at the title. "It's just...strange, to be called that when I know who his real mother is, and his father is the dragon who led to so much suffering."
"We are going to try to fix that," he says, his eyes meeting mine as he smiles and then he lifts my hand and spins me.
"Well, what do you think?" I ask him. He drinks me in, his eyes raking over my dress before he lands on my hair and then my face, a smirk coming over his lips.
"I dare say you have never looked finer, Kyra." He says, offering me a bow before he presses his lips to my hand. I scoff and roll my eyes.
"We don't have to pretend to like each other when there is no one here to see." I remind him and he shrugs.
"Who says I don't like you?" He asks and I roll my eyes.
"Teiran," I groan, and he chuckles, nodding his head.
"Yes, I know, I know. It is all for show for now." He says, "But if, for some reason, it didn't have to be for show, if it was real, would it really be that bad?"
He steps close, closing the gap between us as I gaze up at him, his long hair slicked back in a bun and his eyes telling me he is developing feelings. Teiran is a dark and foreboding prince, but he is kind and yes, he is very much a sexy man. Any woman would be lucky to accept him once they get past his mode of operations.
But this isn't me being lucky, this is me being held here on the promise of safety for my entire kind. This is me missing out on the only chance of having another mate, one that truly completes me. Teiran is giving up nothing and gaining everything. I am giving up everything and gaining peace for my kind. That doesn't entirely inspire love from me.
The door creaks open and a servant enters the room, eyes growing wide before averting away.
"I-I didn't mean to interrupt, Prince Teiran, but the King is ready to leave." She stutters out.
"Ah, yes, we should head out now." then he turns to me, "Get Tiago dressed and meet me at the front gate."
"Sure," I mutter, glad to put distance between us as I reach for the chubby little guy and move him to the couch, placing him in a matching outfit to mine and Tieran's. I stand him up, my lips mashing together to keep from laughing at his pout as he tugs at the pants. "Stop that, Tiago. You look adorable, I promise." I giggle, leaning in, rubbing my nose to his, which always makes him happy. "Now let's go get a treaty signed."
We amble into the massive carriage that once we enter looks a lot more like a fancy living room than an about to be carried into the sky by a dragon. The couches are red and plush, a soft-looking blanket over the arms in a vibrant orange and yellow marbling. To the left there is a bar and I roll my eyes, seeing Teiran already over there with his father.
The resident dickhead who has very clearly lost his mind. Out of the entire time I have been here, he has been the one thing I will never get comfortable with. His eyes burn through me half the time and the other half they are vacant, as if he is brain dead. I suppose that happens when a dragon loses two mates.
"How is my son, dog?" He calls out to me, sipping on a drink that has a blue flame flickering over the rim.
"Father, she is not a dog." Teiran sighs, bored with the nickname I have been given.
"I still can't believe you chose a dog to mate with," He grumbles to himself.
"Both your sons chose me, One as a mother, the other as a mate." I say sweetly to him, plastering on the best fake smile I can. "It would seem this dog is worth something." He scoffs and turns away, shaking his head.
"Lay Tiago down and come sit with us," Teiran says. I try to protest, but as I look down, I see a sleeping little baby and exhale in disappointment. So I do as I am told, laying the little guy on the blanket after I place it on the ground and I hesitantly move toward Teiran. 
"Does she not look stunning, Father?" Teiran asks, putting his hand out for me to take. He then draws me into his body, my back pressed to his chest as he wraps his arms around my waist. His chins rests on my exposed shoulder as he hums, and pressed a soft kiss to my neck. I chuckle nervously as his dad watches with a judgemental eye. 
"Don't be disgusting," He mutters. "You will get to mate after the ceremony,"
I grip Teiran's hand in worry and he chuckles low, his chest rumbling behind me.
"We are aware of how it works, father." He says light hearted. "We have chosen each other willingly."
"I assume he has told you about the dragon's way of mating?" The king asks, smirking at me then looking at Teiran as his muscles go still behind me.
"That has not been done in hundreds of years, Father." He says, but I hear the panic in his voice.
"What better time than now to reignite the old ways?"
"No." He says plainly.
"Really? Without even consulting her for her thoughts?" He teases.
"What is it?" I ask, my brows pulling together in confusion. Last I knew, we were faking our mating night, pretending to have sex in order to convince everyone.
"It doesn't matter, because it is not happening." Teiran grits out.
"I am still the king until you are mated. I want proof you mated her, so I will determine how it is done."
I look back and forth between the two of them, confused, but a knot grows antsy in my gut.
"I don't follow. What is the problem?" I ask, squeezing Teiran's hand to get his full attention.
"He wants us to fuck with an audience." Teiran says, his voice unamused and is eyes trained on his father.
My cheeks instantly heat and my stomach churns at the thought.
"W-what?" I squeak out and the King roars in laughter.
"It's not an audience, but just a few of us. Your Alpha and Luna, me and your little lycan mate."
My face falls, all the blood draining when his words hit me. "Do you both think I am stupid?"
"Father, she was rejected," Teiran says, but his father rolls his eyes.
"I do not care who rejected who. I will play along with your little game because I get both of my sons back. But, I will not back down. I want to see the pain on his face when you take what is his. I want them to know what it feels like to lose something, like when I lost Tiago's mother." He grins, lifting his glass up in a salute before draining it and walking over to the couch.
"Terian...I can't, I won't." I breathe the words, spinning around to face him fully. "Please, don't make me do this."
He reaches up, stroking my cheek, a look of loss on his face.
"I will do my best to come up with another solution." He whispers before he steps away, leaving me standing there.
###Chapter 186
The second we land, my palms grow sweaty and I exhale the nervous breath I continually find myself holding. Tiago is propped in the arms of the dragon female we were told we had to bring along. After all, how am I supposed to do the ceremony with him in my arms the whole time? When the doors open to the air carriage, I grip my hand, pinching the skin, reminding myself to stay calm.
But calm is impossible when I enter the sunlight and see the people I know, the ones I care about waiting for me in their best outfits. Merikh and Colette stand proud in their deep pine colored garbs and there next to them is my jaded beast.
Hayes looks stunning as I let out a small squeak, biting back the excitement in my chest. His black tux is nothing special and yet, he still outshines everyone in the room. Teiran's dad chuckles to himself, leaning into Teiran as he shares a joke and then shoots me a sinister wink. Teiran grumbles but doesn't seem to share the same excitement for the joke.
"Remember, we are here for peace, Father," He bites out, shooting a worried glance in my direction.
"We are here for you to fuck a dog and make a claim on her. If peace follows that, so be it." He grumbles, glaring at me before he tucks his hands into his pockets and shuffles to Merikh first.
"Ah, it is so good to see you in person." Merikh says, extending his hand to shake it.
"Let's not pretend you don't all want me dead and that you all didn't harbor my child from me," Tieran's father says loudly as he spins, arms extended. "If it weren't for this misfortune, you would all be dead by now."
"You forget that we have already been proven innocent of taking your child," Colette chimes in. "In fact, it was us who reunited you with him, considering Kyra was under our orders, yes?"
Teiran smirks and his father scoffs, looking away annoyed, but Colettes' eyes glitter with excitement, her soft brown hair curled in loose waves tumbling over her shoulders as she reaches to greet her old friend.
"I apologize for my father," Teiran says, shaking hands and kissing the top of Colette's with respect. Then he turns to Hayes, extending his hand to him.
"It's been a short time." Hayes says, shaking his hand, his demeanor uninterested. I know he is being forced to be here, but he seems so distant. Is it wrong for me to have hoped he would show some hint that he cares? Does he know the circumstances I am under and is trying to make it easier, or does he hate me?
"Indeed, it has," Teiran says, reaching out and taking my hand in his. He clutches it tightly, his father grinning with delight as he looks expectantly at Hayes, who looks as if he can barely be bothered by the slightest thing.
"I am glad you are home and well," I say to him and he nods.
"It is nice to be home and feel...like me again," he says, his eyes meeting mine for the first time.
My heart stutters, my breathing hitching as I look into the eyes that are screaming so much while the rest of him says absolutely nothing. My lycan cries out, begging for me to leap into his arms and never let him go, but a tight squeeze from Teiran has me breaking eye contact and tearing my heart in two as I am dragged away.
I follow silently, checking on Tiago a few times as Merikh and Colette walk us to our rooms and inform us the ceremony will start shortly. Before leaving, I am pulled aside as Colette reaches out and takes both of my hands, giving me a reassuring smile, but I can feel the pity behind her face.
"You are giving up so much." She whispers as tears form in my eyes. "Are you sure this is what you want to do?"
I snort and shake my head.
"Want has nothing to do with this, Luna. I am doing this for our kind-" I whisper, looking down at the ground. It is hard to describe the weight I feel on my chest, how every breath feels like a struggle in this damn gown that doesn't suit me.
"Trust in yourself and what you feel is right." She says, tilting her head as if trying to get a better look. "No matter what happens from this moment on, we will support you. Both the Lycan and the sirens."
My brows furrow in confusion as she releases me, and Tieran saunters over, his arm extending out over my shoulder. He bows his head respectfully to Colette and Merikh as they head to check on progress for the ceremony and I head into the room, dropping into the chair by the door.
"My father will be next door," He says, heaving a relieved sigh. "I do think he is becoming more and more of a problem."
"Oh, you think?" I mutter, running my hand down my gown. "I've known the whole time."
"I am sorry that you are the one in the middle of all of this, Kyra." He says more sincerely. He moves closer, dropping to his knees before me, his hand resting on my thigh. "If there was another way, or if I could bewitch you to think only of me, I would."
I can see the way it torments him.
n. 
Teiran has been nothing but patient and kind with me, but I can see the way he looks at me and how it changes. I don't know when it happened or how, but lately I him and that he is actually looking for other options than this forced mating bond. I think he would rather take me than be lonely any longer. 
"It is what it is, Teiran." I sigh, a stray tear running down my cheek.
His thumb is there to wipe it away, his hand cupping my cheek as he looks at me. I watch as his eyes dart from my lips to my face and dread builds in my gut. In all this time, we have never truly been alone together. Tiago has always been with me and even now I wish I had him here as my buffer.
"Your makeup is coming off." He whispers, leaning in closer, his lip tugging down at the corner.
"It's fine," I murmur.
"I prefer when you look perfect." He says. "These freckles...they show imperfection."
A jolt of anger hits me in the chest as I chuckle and shake my head, pushing his hand away.
"I am imperfect, Teiran. This is what you are stuck with. A lycan who can never truly love you. This is what you chose. Painting my face like a porcelain doll to make me more perfect won't negate that I am not the one for you or that you are just using me for the crown. Please don't pretend you see me as anything other than a stepping stone."
I tear away from him, moving toward the door.
"Kyra," His eyes are wide in shock before he drags his hand over his face. "Go, get some fresh air and come back when you have calmed down."
"If I come back," I snark at him and his eyes grown orange, his lip twitching in anger. I instantly put my hands up to calm him down. "Bad joke, I am kidding. I will be back."
"You damn well better." He grits out before I stomp out the door.
I make it no more than two steps
before I am gripped tightly on my arm and dragged three doors down and into a dark room. My body a
slams into a wall with a jolt, my net
teeth shattering with the force as I grunt in pain and wince. The sparks explode up my spine and every nerve ending as fingers entwine with mine. 
"Hayes," I breathe his name as if it had been a secret prayer, relief and heartache mixing with the sheer pleasure of being able to smell him, touch him.
"Are you okay?" he whispers, his lips brushing my earlobe. "I just need to hear from you that you are okay, that you will be okay, and then I can let you go." "Let me go?" The words feel like torture to choke out, the thought of him letting me go...
"I will accept your rejection, but I have to know this is what you want, this is you choosing this because you can be happy-"
"No," I rush out, my voice hoarse as I feel through the darkness of the room and slip my hands around his neck. "No, don't let me go. Please, don't let me go."
His body shudders and suddenly his forehead is pressed to mine, his hot breath panting over my lips.
"Say it again," he demands, one hand gliding behind my lower back and the other gripping the side of my face. "Fucking say it again."
"I don't want to do this, Hayes." The tears spill from my eyes as a sob breaks through me, my voice cracking. Then he silences me with his lips, warm and so much softer than I imagined he could ever be.
###Chapter 187
*Hayes*
It feels as if life has been breathed into me again. Every millisecond I steal her lips is one moment closer to healing every broken part of me. Her hands glide up my neck, fingers grazing over the scars and sending shivers through me. She is soft, yet as needy and desperate as I am. It takes every ounce of self control to stop kissing her as I break away to catch my breath. But my lips have a mind of their own as they taste hers again, chasing that feeling of us just being us. For a moment, one glorious moment, we get to pretend everything is okay. That I am not about to turn the world upside down and set it on fire for her.
My hands shake as I force myself to pull away from Kyra, my lungs burning as her scent overwhelms me. I want to keep kissing her, holding her tight, but I know I can't. This moment is stolen, one that can only last so long. There will be more, in near future, of that I am damn sure but for now...I need to restrain myself.
My fingers reach out, gliding up the wall as I search for the light and flip the switch. She blinks up at me, causing my heart to flutter as I clear my throat, hoping to hide from my desires in the light as I soothe the growing ache in my chest.
How can a second chance mate bond be this strong? The bond that I felt with Leandra was exciting and wonderful, but this one, with Kyra. It's mind numbing and life shattering.
"Hayes..." she murmurs, calling me back to reality with confusion swirling in her teary eyes as she watches me, dissecting every move I make. "Are you okay?"
I exhale, pacing away before dragging my hands over my face and spinning around as I step into her again. My scarred fingers glide along her jawbone and tilt her chin up. It would be so much easier to just steal her away now.
Run off and mark her, making sure no one else can have her ever, but Teiran is still a decent ally. One I would consider to be a pompous dick but an ally nonetheless, so I need to tread carefully. For my brother's sake.
"Am I okay? I nearly died waiting for a moment to steal you away.." I tell her truthfully. "Every second since you left has been one lived in sheer agony. I thought it was horrible losing you the first time. This time, it felt like I was being ripped apart."
"Me too," she breathes, a tear slipping down her cheek as I drag my thumb over her skin, wiping it away along with the makeup hiding her perfect freckles. I frown as I rub a little harder, looking for the stunning woman underneath the mask Teiran felt he needed to put on her.
"What are you doing?" She asks, pushing my hands from her face with a frown. I press my lips together before sighing. "You are ruining my makeup."
"You look beautiful." I tell her. And it's not a lie, her dress highlights the perfect body she works for and the makeup highlights her angelic like features, but it's lacking...her. She looks like someone they are trying to improve when she needs no improvement. "But?" she whispers, looking away self consciously. I draw her back to me with a soft chuckle.
"I love your freckles." I shrug. "Hiding them seems a bigger crime than starting this damn war."
My words have a more sobering effect than I expected, as she clears her throat and looks down at her feet before slowly looking back up at me.
"Hayes," she tilts her head, her tone serious. "You can't be there for the ceremony."
"Is there still going to be one?" I ask, my brows knitting together as I shift my weight from one foot to the other. "You just said that you didn't want this, you just told me you..."
She cuts me off, shaking her head.
"It's not that simple," she groans, placing her hand on her head in distress. I take two steps back, finding the sudden need to breathe.
"Because of the baby?" I scoff and she squeezes her eyes closed with a tear rolling down her freckled cheek.
"This isn't just about Tiago..." She weighs the words carefully as I roll my eyes.
"Of course it is. He is your weakness as much as he is theirs." I groan.
"Okay, yes," she admits. "I love him. From the moment I held him, I just...I knew he was meant to be mine. This isn't easy or simple."
Her eyes beg for understanding for me to hear the words she is saying and see the internal struggle she is warring with. I want to be angry at her, to curse and throw a fit, but the look in her eyes is that of a mother. Not understanding it doesn't make a difference. In her mind, in her heart, she is that child's mom.
"I see." I nod my head and chuckle to myself. "So you don't really want me to save you from this mating ceremony? You just don't want me to think you don't care."
"I love you, Hayes," she murmurs, her eyes grow sad as she reaches out for my hand. "But my hands are tied. I do not want to do this. I don't want you to let me go. One second I need to escape to you and the next my heart is aching to protect Tiago..."
"You just sobbed in my arms, you just begged me to not let you do this," I remind her and she breaks into tears, nodding her head. "And yet, I have to let you do this. What the fuck am I supposed to do here, Kyra?"
"I don't know, Hayes!" She screams
at me. "I don't want this, but it
doesn't change the outcome. What I want means nothing in the grand scheme of things. If I don't do this, the way never ends. Our kind will lose this war. The vampires all backed out after helping the first time. The Fae are now almost all in hiding, even the witches and wizards are in hiding." 
"Are you the Alpha?" I bite back at her. She blinks, her brows pulling together. "W-what?." she says back softly.
"Are you the Alpha?" I repeat, and she gives me a strange look, lips flat and brows twisted. "Of course you aren't. So why are you the sacrifice, huh? Why does it have to be you?" I ask her, my chest pounding and my blood pumping. 
"Because..." she whispers.
"Because Tiago likes you for a mom." I bark at her.
"Because she likes him for a son," I hear Teiran behind me and I grit my teeth, dropping my head before I look at him. His hands are tucked into his pockets nonchalantly. "Imprinting goes both ways."
"Does imprinting mean she has to mate with you? Or your father?" I ask, turning my breaking heart into an anger focused solely on him.
"Yes." He says shrugging, a hint of a frown on his face. I scoff, looking away for a moment before I glare back at him.
"That's a fucking lie and you know it." I growl out and he arches a brow.
"Is that what you think?" he asks, looking smug as he walks through the door. I somehow didn't notice he opened. The door swing shuts behind him as he moves closer and then stops. He scans Kyra for a moment and then exhales. "How much have you told him?" He asks. Her eyes grow wide and she looks at me, licking her lips before she looks back at him.
"You said you would fix it." She rushes out.
"Fix what?" I ask, looking between then the fear in her eyes enough to make my hackles rise and want to protect her.
"My father has demanded we initiate the mating bond the olden way." He says, disappointment flashing over his face for a moment as he looks at Kyra.
"What does that mean?" I ask, my chest throbbing and hands growing clammy.
"My father wants to be in the bedroom with your brother and Colette...and you, to ensure Kyra is in fact fully mated to me."
My mouth runs dry, the room growing smaller as I reach for my tux color and loosen in looking for air. The thought of his skin touching hers, his hands caressing her body, makes the bile rise as I spin away.
"I won't do it, Teiran. You promised me." Kyra says the words but they sound distant in my ears as I grow frantic trying to come up with a solution.
"There is only one thing that can stop all of this." I mutter the weight of what I am about to say and to who not lost on me. "We need to kill your father. Today."
He looks at me, not an ounce of shock or disgust, just a blank stare as he blinks before he looks down and crosses his arms over his chest. He seems to mull over what I have said, Kyra looking at him expectantly.
"It won't be as easy as you think it is." He frowns, "And simply saying you will do it today won't make it work. It requires a plan, one that we need weeks to make."
"Then we postpone the ceremony." Kyra offers and he scoffs.
"We can't ask for an extension. There needs to be a valid reason."
I swallow as an idea forms in my
head, one Kyra will not like, but I know it will send the heads of both species into a tizzy and likely land me ina shit ton of trouble. But then I look at her and realize I would do damn near anything for her. 
So I stride over, closing the distance as I reach out, tilting her head to the side and I sink my teeth into her neck as she gasps and Teiran roars in anger.
###Chapter 188
Teiran's hands grip my shoulder with bruising force as he tears me away, tossing me across the room with a thud. A sense of giddiness rises in my chest as I jump up, feeling no pain, only a sense of excitement as I grin at him, wiping the drops of her blood from my lips. Kyra's chest heaves up and down, a red raging mark on her neck as she presses her head against the wall, gasping for air.
She looks fucking glorious as the bond surges through her, my feelings overwhelming her senses as I flood them through the one sided bond I have just created. Kyra is the only thing in my sights as I take two steps in her direction before Teiran inserts his annoyingly large "Are you fucking insane?" Teiran asks, fire in his eyes as he glares at me.
body between us.
A chuckle falls from my lips as I meet Kyra's hazy eyes, watching the way she seems to watch me in surprise, but there is no anger there. Instead, it is almost as if she looks relieved, as if she realizes that I have chosen her over everything and everyone. "Yes." I answer Teiran, swinging my head to look at him. He stomps closer, stopping only inches from me, his jaw clenching before he grinds his teeth together. "Kyra is mine, Teiran. She always has been, and now, now she always will be,"
"She can always sever the tie." He scoffs and I lean to the side, looking around him at her.
A smirk plays across my lips as I tilt my head, looking at him again.
"I don't think you are in the position to make demands of her." I tell him, crossing my arms over my chest. "You have used my mate long enough, held her captive all because of her tender heart."
"There is more here than what you are seeing, you fool," Teiran hisses at me.
"Then I suppose I should have been informed before," I shrug, like his problems are no matter to me, because truthfully, they aren't. Teiran's problems are his and his kinds issue. I have what I came here for and I fully intend on going everywhere with her. Even if it is to his kingdom.
Voices holler in the hallway, pounding footsteps not far behind as warriors come looking for the source of all the noise. Teiran curses under his breath pacing over to Kyra who pushes off of the wall, her hand covering my mark as if she is ashamed of it and my anger rises, my lip curling in distaste.
"Hayes," she pleads, licking her lips as she looks toward the door, her voice filled with agony, "You have no idea what you just did."
The door slams open, Merikh shoving into the room, his eyes wide before he furrows his brows and looks around the room, confused.
"What the hell is going on? Why is there blood on your face?" He asks, moving over to me first.
"He marked Kyra." Teiran grits out, his eyes glowing like a flame for a moment before he squeezes them shut and shakes his anger away.
"Fuck," Merikh groans, throwing his head back, his hand dragging over his mouth.
"She will sever the bond." Teiran says as if Kyra will do it. The way her mouth falls open and her body shakes is all the proof I need to know she is not in agreement..
"I would like to speak with my mate." I announce, everyone in the room looking at me as if I have gone crazy. "What is the worst that could happen? I mark her? That's already been done."
"I refuse to leave you alone with her again," Teiran says, giving me a head tilt as if trying to challenge me.
"Then you can stay," I shrug.
"I'm not going anywhere, Hayes. It is obvious you have lost your damn mind." Merikh says, his hands finding his hips.
I nod in agreement. It is very likely I have lost my mind. But in my defense, I don't feel completely in control of it or my body. One minute I have a sound plan and the next the all-consuming need to just drag her away and leave everyone else to burn takes over. Kyra watches me with unyielding sorrow, each second tearing my soul to shreds as I reach out to her. She stands firm, confident as I slip my hand up her check, cupping her face. Sparks explode with such intensity that I close my eyes and force myself to count to ten before I look at her again.
"I should have asked." I whisper, and she whimpers, reaching up and resting her palm over my hand on her face. She gently removes my touch, turning her head slightly as she kisses the palm of my hand, making my heart stutter a beat "Hayes, I would have said yes." She breathes the words, her voice breaking.
"Kyra." Teiran growls out, his voice a demanding rumble, but I force her eyes to stay on me.
"Do you trust me?" I ask, unable to look away from her as I watch her eyes change from agony to confusion and settling on a stunning look of determination. "After the stunt you just pulled?" She scoffs, a smile tugging at the corner of her lips.
"I was only thinking of you." I tell her softly and she lets out a heavy sigh.
"That is the problem. I need to know you will think of yourself as well."
"Kyra, now is not the time for banter," I say with a smile. There will never be a time where I don't find her little bantering cute, even if it is wasting precious time.
"Fine." She frowns. "Yes, I trust you."
"Good. Go back to your room and get cleaned up. As much as I hate to say it, find something to cover my mark for the ceremony." I instruct her and her face falls, her skiing growing pale as she searches my face. "W-what?" she stutters her words and I lean forward, pressing my forehead to hers.
"This is the part where you trust in me. I have made you mine, and I will kill anyone who touches you in any manner that only I am allowed to." I say, my voice carrying through the room make sure that Merikh and Teiran understand me fully. 
She nods slightly, her breath shaking as she tilts her chin up and presses a soft kiss to my lips, leaving me breathless. Then she excuses herself from our little bubble, leaving me with the two raging beasts to explain the plan that is formulating in my head. 
"So, there is to be a ceremony?" Teiran asks, a brow arched in curiosity.
"Yes." I nod, moving over to Merikh who looks like if he clenches his jaw any harder, his teeth will grind to dust.
"Brother,"
"Oh, now you are going to brother me?" He scoffs, rolling his eyes.
"I need you to back me up." I tell him and he exhales through his nose, his eyes casting to the ground as he shakes his head slowly.
"Damn it, Hayes," he growls out before he licks his lips and glares at me. "I need a little more than that, brother."
I grin at how he uses the word 'brother' like it may be an insult, but I realize I can't blame him. Things have been sour with us until the few days ago I arrived and felt more myself than I had when I first met Leandra.
"We are going to kill the Dragon King when he throws a fit at the ceremony." I shrug, looking at Teiran, waiting for him to protest, but instead he chuckles and shoves his hands into his pockets.
"You won't last a minute against him, Hayes." He sighs. "I can admit you are an admirable fighter, but you versus the dragon king? Your victory isn't just unlikely, it's impossible."
I snort a laugh.
"I'm not sure when you heard me use the term 'I' here, Teiran. I said 'we'."
His brows pull together in thought, and then he tuts.
"I do suppose my plan to kill him on my own will likely be much more difficult. Perhaps making this a team effort will be for the best. Us three versus him."
I shake my head and roll my eyes.
"There is no way in hell I will leave it to chance. Flora has volunteered to help, and Colette will refuse to be left out of this as well."
Merikh growls at the mention of his mate's name and I scowl at him.
"Let's not pretend Luna is still the same weak woman she was when you whisked her away, Merikh. She is powerful beyond many sirens and werewolf's capabilities. She will be able to protect us and keep herself safe at the same time."
"I know just how strong she is." He bites out. "Doesn't mean I have to like the plan that involves the mother of my children in harm's way."
"I am sure she would say she feels the same way about you." I remind him and he grunts, looking away.
"You two can argue about that later, but I feel I need to have an idea of what is coming for the ceremony I need to be the center of," Teiran interjects. "Chaos," I grin, tilting my head. "Lots of chaos."
###Chapter 189
*Kyra*
Teiran sits on the edge of the bed, glaring at me from across the room. He has said nothing since we walked through the doors, and I am too afraid to bring anything up. It was always his plan to kill his father and take the throne. But perhaps it happening this quickly, and
not entirely at his hands has him second guessing his loyalties.
He exhales deeply, placing both hands behind him as he leans back, his head falling so his face is gazing at the ceiling.
"You caved so easily," he mutters the words, pain lacing his voice. My brows knit together as I frown.
"I never lied to you about my feelings for him." I remind him and he lets out a dry chuckle, one that doesn't find any of this funny, but he has no other way to react but other to laugh through it all.
"You and I made a promise," He says, dropping his gaze to lock on me, pinning me in place as guilt grips me.
"I hurt your feelings?" I ask him, and he frowns.
"Are you that dense, or have I been lacking in my actions and how I treat you?" He asks, a look of disbelief on his face as he scoffs, looking away.
"Teiran, I am sorry I hurt you. But if I am being completely honest, did you expect me to love you when the only man who has always had a part of me is also the missing half of my soul?"
He looks away, his lips twitching, and I realize that he never intended to let Hayes live.
"Heavens..." I mutter, my chest aching at the thought.
He looks at me, then he leans forward, his elbows resting on his knees.
"Someone would have needed to take the fall." He whispers, but I hear every word as if he were saying it with a resounding confidence.
"You were going to take me from him and then frame him?" I ask, anger rising.
"It was not an easy decision for me to make," He says, his eyes filled with pleading as I scoff and pace away from him, laughing a sad, sarcastic laugh.
"You said this would end the war, that it would be better for everyone." I hiss at him.
"It will, but if you think the dragons would want their king's killer on the throne, then you are not using your brains, Kyra." He retorts and I growl low in my chest.
"You want to be the hero but you're just like him, like your half mad, blood crazed father!"
He bolts up, rushing over to me as he pushes me into the wall with his forearm across my chest.
"I am not the hero!" He bites out in my face, his breath fanning over my face. "Here you are all angry with me when your selfish mate claimed you as his own, ruining this chance at peace. You are upset with me over my tactics where I ruin one life and yet he very well could ruin hundreds of thousands and yet I am the bad guy?"
"He asked permission." I reach up, shoving at him, pushing him back a few inches before I stalk him down in overwhelming anger. "Hayes asked me if I wanted to be saved, and I said yes!"
My chest heaves up and down as I glare at him, his eyes skirting over my face as he seems to shrink before me. Then he nods.
"Then you are the villain in this story." He whispers.
"A title I happily take as all my other options were stripped from me. It was idiotic for me to think I could go through with this, so moronic to even try. I am choosing him, Teiran." "You claim all your options were stripped, but you agreed to this! You lived with me, laughed with me, what changed?"
"I didn't know he wanted me. But I know now, and I can't... I can't give him up ever again."
He arches a brow, a smirk growing on his lips.
"But you will give up Tiago?" He asks, and I press my lips together in annoyance.
"I am choosing both."
"Not an option." He grins and I realize I see the real him for the first time. The part of him that is all dragon, clinging to what he has deemed a treasure, and he refuses to give up.
"Wrong," I shrug. "It seems to me, as his imprinted mother, I have more power in this than you do."
A knock at the door interrupts us, but the tension in the room remains stifling as Teiran moves to the door and pulls it open, speaking briefly with someone before he shuts the door again before he slams his fist into the door in a rage. "Is it so wrong that all I wanted to do was care for you?" He finally whispers.
"You have done nothing but manipulate me." I remind him, and he frowns.
"You were almost perfect." He mutters to himself.
"And yet, to Hayes, I already am perfect. Can't you see how much of a difference that makes?" I ask, my stomach twisting in pity as I watch his hand drag down his handsome face.
"The ceremony is about to start. I will see you out there." He mutters before he exits the door, leaving me alone before a knock follows.
""Yes?" I ask.
"It's Luna Colette." I hear her say as she peeks around the door, giving me a soft, genuine smile. "How are you doing?"
"Oh, you know, never better." I shrug and she gives a gentle frown.
"Well, from what I hear, things will get worse before they get better, so how about we stir up some trouble?" She winks as she holds up a silk- handkerchief that matches the gold tone of my dress. "Rumor has it we have something we need to cover for the time being." 
Her presence calms me the longer I am around her, and she seems to sense me relaxing.
"How is Hayes?" I ask her as she steps closer, reaching around my neck and tying the handkerchief on. She purses her lips together in thought, then she steps back and gives me a nod.
"He is holding it together. I have the kids keeping him busy for now, though he did suggest they stay with Percy in the pack house." I can see the worry in her eyes, but she hides it with a smile and reaches out, taking my hand. "Why are you being so nice?" I ask her, "I mean...I know you are my Luna and we all love you, but I may be the reason everything falls apart."
Colette laughs.
"I am being nice because I know and
like you. But
bam on your side
because you will be my sister. Kyra, things fall apart because the
Bene
foundation isn't sound. I have faith in what Merikh and I have built, and I
have faith in the moon goddess who gave you Hayes and a second chance." She says, walking me to the door. 
Tears threaten my eyes as I try to control my breathing and stop from breaking down completely. I have not felt at ease in so long, and yet with her reassuring me it's okay, it actually feels like things will work out It's a pipe dream, but one I am putting all my heart in, tog.
We walk hand in hand to the community building down the road. The large double door entrance is a stunning display of greenery and glittering gold in honor of the dragons.
My heart skips a beat when I watch Hayes as he lingers outside until he catches sight of me. His face lights up and he blows me a kiss before walking in before me. As we enter Merikh greets us, taking my arm and placing it in the crux of his elbow.
"It seems weird to have you give me to them when your brother is my mate." I whisper to him, and he chuckles.
"I'm not giving these bastards shit," he says back before he tilts his head. "Well, I suppose, aside from damn good entertainment."
"So, what is the plan?" I ask as we move down the long aisle, Teiran waiting for me halfway before the stage.
"That is up to you and Hayes," He shrugs. "But no matter what happens, you have the backing of all our kind."
My heart is in my ears, my stomach in my throat as I try to remain calm as Merikh passes me off to Teiran. His warm hand engulfs mine as he walks me to the stage, Tiago sitting at the front, cooing and reaching for me.
"Think about Tiago before you do this," Teiran whispers in my ear, his hand stroking a loose strand from my cheek. "He needs his mother with him."
###Chapter 190
be alright. It's tight and filled with anger reserved especially for me.
It feels like a dream, the way we glide to the stage in utter silence swimming in the stifling tension between us. My hands sweat, and my pulse races as we climb the stairs and he turns me to face him. Teiran smiles, but it's not a true smile that says everything is going to
In order to escape his gaze, I look out at the crowd, my eyes finding Hayes as if he were a beacon. He watches me, a soft tilt to his perfect lips, showing me a glimpse of a tiny smile. My body physically aches to be with him, my very nerves pinging as if an alarm is blaring an incoming attack. When will he make his move? What is his move? "Kyra?" I hear my name being called that sounds so far away and I twist my head back to Teiran.
"Hmm?" I hum before I realize he has started the ceremony and his two hands are outstretched for me to take. He nods to them and lifts a brow, trying to tell me to take them without verbalizing the command.
I lift my arms, my fingers quivering in protest as I hover my hands over his. The heat from his skin radiates up as if I am warming myself over an open flame and suddenly I feel weak, overheated, and lost. I linger for a moment before I allow my eyes to fall closed, and I draw in a shaky breath, releasing a steady one. My heart is resolved. "No," I whisper, dropping my hands to my side, and taking a half step back.
"Kyra," He hisses, reaching out and taking my hands by force. "Let Hayes make a scene. Just go with this for as long as you can."
But I can tell he is hoping Hayes doesn't interrupt, and when I look back out at the crowd again, Hayes is gone. I narrow my eyes, my lip twitching in disgust as he reads my reaction.
"If he is not here, it is not my doing." He whispers as low as he can, before he clears his throat and chuckles lightly, looking out at all our spectators from all types of species. "She is nervous about our 'after' affairs."
me.
He teases us about mating in a way that makes my stomach twist as a chuckle erupts from the dragon's side; the others looking as unamused as I feel. His father sits in the front, looking content as a clam, holding Tiago who continues to struggle to get away and come to "Kyra, before you I stand, the heir to the dragon throne and a beast willing to promise you a life of loyalty and love..."
Love, he wants to promise me love, yet he tries to tear me from the only man who can give it to me. I chuckle, ignoring his words, and reach up to touch my forehead.
"Love?" I scoff, lifting my eyes to meet his.
"Yes," He grinds out the word and I chuckle to myself again as the door flies open. A very stunning and pissed off Flora stands in the doorway, her arms crossed over her chest and a smug smile on her lips.
"Whoops," she giggles, as she struts toward us, flipping her hair over her shoulder, as she shoots me a wink. "Seems I am late."
My knees nearly buckle with gratitude as she walks down the center aisle, humming to herself as if she is just walking by herself in the woods. Flora takes her time, pretending to look at seats before she frowns and walks further down.
"Who are you?" The Dragon king stands, demanding she answer him. She halts, not bothering to hide how she looks him up and down from head to toe. Then she lets out a disappointed sigh and bounds up the steps.
"I am the replacement, silly old man." She grins, moving to my side as she gives me a gentle hip shove and takes Teiran's hands.
"What the fuck are you doing?" he asks her.
"Teiran, baby," she says as if she is trying to whisper, but her words are clear and unmistakable even for those in the back. "We have one night of passionate lovemaking, promising to mark me as yours, and you didn't think I wouldn't come for you?" "What?" I ask, feigning shock and horror as I clasp my hands over my mouth, mostly to hide the growing smile. It feels awful to admit that after everything happened, I had forgotten about her and what might have happened to her. "Please don't be mad, I know your mate is here too and for your kind, to give up your mate-" She rattles off her words faster than I can even understand as Teiran's dad stomps up the steps and roars in anger.
"Enough! You," He points his finger in Flora's face, his skin turning red. "Get your ass removed from the stage or become ash! And You!"
He stomps toward me, his massive frame towering over me as he puffs out steam from his nose, reminding me of a train gaining traction.
"You will either mate with me or my son. The choice is yours. Just know Teiran seems to be softer at mating than I am."
"No." I say, rolling my shoulders back, finding my strength as Flora backs me up, a giddy grin on her lips.
Teiran watches her with awe in his eyes and for a moment I see a flicker there. Is there any truth to what Flora said? Or has she planted the thought in his head and now he is thinking about her in an entirely different way? "No?" He snorts, spinning around to face the crowd. "Such a shame you all came here to burn to death."
"This is your king?" Hayes' voice says, a hint of shock twisted with amusement. "The one you all follow blindly and trust with your future?"
He walks up the backside of the stage, his hands tucked in his pockets.
"I am their king. Trust comes with the title." He snorts.
"Good thing you haven't led them into a useless war with the wrong species all this time." Alpha Merikh says, standing in the audience, Colette at his side.
"You stole my son, and then you hatched him before he was due and imprinted him on your warrior. Let's not pretend this was all happenstance, Alpha."
"You already have the true perpetrator in your midst in your mountain, unless of course you killed him?"
"That is enough." Teiran's father grits out, his body vibrating as he grows larger, scales erupting from his cheeks before a snout the size of Merikh pops out. My eyes grow wide in shock as Hayes grabs my hand, yanking me away from the stage. In an instant, he is trusting a baby Tiago into my arms and gripping my face.
"You two need to get to safety." He is serious. Hayes wants me to run and hide during this fight, as if he has forgotten everything I am capable of.
"Like fucking hell I will." I say, reaching out and gripping his hand tight. "I do not need you to protect me."
"I'm saving you, like you asked me to do." He frowns, pulling away. "I can't fight thinking you might get hurt."
"And I can't leave you thinking you won't come back." I argue to his back as he rushes off.
Tiago tugs at the scarf around my neck, the silk falling away as he seems focused on my mark before
he reaches out and touches it. Chuckling as I shy away from his little probing finger. My heart is torn as I watch Hayes, Colette and Merikh circle around the morphing, massive dragon. Flora steps up as well, her fingers calling roots from the earth as she latches to his feet, trying to keep him in place. 
Roars break out behind me, dragons, lycans and wolves over take the open space, chairs knocking to the side. My skin goosebumps as the severity of the situation seeps in. A single flame in here and everyone is dead Dragons step up to either side of me, closing off my exit, but then on second glance I realize they are preparing to protect me from the flames. 
Tiago is important and must be protected. Allowing me to die is the same as allowing him to lose his mind as he grows older. The only safe people in this entire war zone are me and this child, and Hayes knows that. So then why did he try to insist run and hide with Tiago for safety?
The dragon to my right swings out in fury, a wild screech coming from its mouth as it creates an opening for me to run and I take it. If Hayes knows I am safe, if he knows they won't hurt me, then he needs me hidden for his plan. It is the only thing that makes sense to me.
I look over my shoulder, in time to
see him leap onto the back of the dragon, who was blocking me in his lycan form, claws flailing as he tears chunks from the beast's scaly back. He meets my eyes for a mere moment before I watch the tait of the other dragon fly at his back, stamming into him with a sick crack, his limp body flying before
slamming into the side of the stage. 
He doesn't move, his chest still and his body laying at a weird angle as my chest shreds itself, making it impossible to breathe. I have to go to him, i have to do something more than hide.
###Chapter 191
*Hayes*
Sound fades in and out as I drag my body up before I stand, stumbling back a few steps into the stage. My claws sink into the plywood covered set as I blink my eyes to force them to focus. A cry breaks out, making me look up as a flame barrels down toward my face. I drop to the floor, covering my face as the heat diffuses before me and hot steam floats around me. "Hayes, move your ass!" Colette cries out, her voice strained.
My bones creak as I stand, my lycan form taking all the hits I know I will feel so intensely once the adrenaline wears off. I spin and find Colette with two hands outstretched. One aimed at me and one at my brother as her jaw clenches with effort. Damn it, the last thing I need is her wasting her effort on me. But there is no telling her that. Colette, the once meek and timid queen, is everything but that now.
"Thatcher, get all the children to safety before things get out of hand," Colette demands, her voice full of authority as he spins and disappears into the mass brawl happening around us.
I had expected a war, even prepared for one, but with this many dragons, I should have planned better. Merikh's Lycan roars as he dodges a massive flame from the dragon king, and I watch the slithering roots at his massive legs as they tear away from the earth. Shit. Flora is losing her hold. I inhale, ignoring the sting at my side as I rush forward and launch myself on to a smaller dragon. My body hits the scales hard, bouncing as I slide down his side and slip under his legs. The floor jolts me for a moment before I notice him lifting his front leg stomp on me. I roll to the side, dodging his attack, then throw my claws up and into his tender underside,
They slice through with ease, warm blood trickling down my fingers and wrist as he rears back. I drag my arm down through his flesh before he lifts off of me and stumbles away, falling back into his human form. There isn't a second to finish him as a wolf goes in for the kill. A wet, heavy item hits me, throwing me back to the ground.
I blink when I see no other than Zale, the Siren king, jumping up from me. He extends a hand out to me, helping me up before his eyes grow wild and tiles from the floor explode up, water raining down on everyone. Lycans and wolves howl in excitement as dragons take to the air breaking through the ceiling, looking for an escape from the wet.
Drywall sprinkles down with shards of wood and roofing. I drag Zale out of the way of a large chunk, before rushing back to the collapsed stage, a massive opening overhead as I look up and see Merikh rising into the sky, his leg in the jaws of the fucker I came to kill. Without a thought, I sprint out of the building, rushing around the back as I sprint through the trees, keeping my eyes on my Alpha, who seems to dangle lifelessly. Pain rips through my chest at the thought of him dying because of me.
-I am okay-His voice enters my head and I stumble in my run.
-Why the fuck haven't you been talking to me the whole time?-- I growl through the mind link and I swear I hear a little snicker.
-He is after the children. It is faster to ride along, even if it's a little painful-
-How does he know where they are- I growl through the link.
-He can sense Tiago. Kyra is with them all. Percy came for them after the fight started-
Fury ignites a boost of energy as I force myself to move faster. Only to find myself face to face with two dragons breaking through the trees and landing in front of me. I cut to the right, ducking under a tree as it crashes down. Heat tickles at my back as I look over my shoulder and drop to my stomach, flames blowing over my head as they pin me down and move closer.
There is nowhere to go as the heat grows painful, other than sideways. I scan the area, hoping for something to make my way to and hide behind, but there is nothing. Fuck, I am trapped belly down in the dirt by a flame over my fucking head. Then the heat disappears, replaced by a cool gentle breeze as I push myself up, but instead of seizing the moment to run, I look over my shoulder and freeze.
A blur of red flashes as I twist around, racing toward the dragons, my heart pounding in my throat as I try to swallow the fear living there. When did she get here? What the fuck is she doing?
The dragon tries to breathe its fire at her, but fails as clear oily liquid pours from a cut in its throat. It stumbles forward as Kyra leaps onto its head and claws at the back of his neck, scales dislodging as she howls out and thrusts her clawed hand through its thick neck. The other dragon shakes from its surprise stupor as it roars out in anger and charges forward, its head rearing back as it prepares to burn Kyra of its comrade. Kyra's not paying attention as she tumbles off the other dragon, her chest heaving with effort. I roar, trying like hell to get her to look, pay attention, anything.
My legs kick faster, my lycan growling as I drop to all fours like a wolf and move faster, my long clawed arms grabbing the dirt, then throw myself further and faster just as the dragon's mouth glows, snarling lips falling open.
I jump up, my claw reaching up, slicing through its jaw, heat tearing through my hand as I cry out in pain, but I force myself to yank its face down, using my other claw to hammer into its large, shocked eyes.
It roars in fury, throwing me away as
I land roughly and my lycan disappears into my mind, leaving me in my human form. I shove myself up, rushing back over to the dragon to finish it off but before I can move to it, Kyra's lycan clutches its neck in her jaw, growling as she tars violently, blood spewing down her face before she breaks away, a chunk of its meat in her mouth. 
I watch her in shock, a surprised chuckle in my chest as I take a step toward her. My hand clutches to my chest. She shifts back into her
human form, her chest heaving up and down as she makes her way to
we
me tears in her eyes as she flings herself into my arms. 
"You are such a stubborn idiot." She mutters to my neck, her face burying into me.
"How did you know where I was?" I ask and she scoffs, pushing away.
"You marked me, you idiot," she frowns up at me. "I can feel everything you are feeling since it's one sided."
I blink at her. How the hell did I forget that I marked her? Or that in doing so, she can feel my distress.
"You fought incredibly." I say, giving her a wry grin, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear.
"I keep telling you I can protect myself." She says.
"And yet you were about to mate a Dragon." I remind her as she scoffs, hugging me close one more time.
"Shut up already, we have somewhere to be," she says, grabbing my hand and tugging me to follow her.
I
I growl in pain, and she lets go of me
suddenly, her eyes wide. Kyra looks
down, her mouth gaping open as she looks at my already blistered and burned hand. I lift it and sigh, turn to get a better look at it. 
en FindNovel
"At least it was the bad hand," I shrug, and she gives me a look of pity.
"Hayes," she murmurs.
"It's fine, Kyra. Seriously. Wait, where is Tiago?" I ask, suddenly realizing she is here alone and happily looking to change the subject.
"He is safe with Percy and the twins. Right now, we need to get to Alpha Merikh."
"Shit," I grumble, the memory of my brother dangling coming to mind as I take off sprint, Kyra catching up to me with ease.
"Stay close to me," she says as we run. "I don't want you out of my sight."
"Why? Are you going to protect me?" I tease her and she turns her head to look at me like I was born yesterday.
"Of course I fucking am. You are used to getting yourself into deadly situations." She scowls like she is still bitter about my past self, wanting to die at all costs.
"Not since I got you back." I promise her, "There is nothing that can take me out of this world now that you are mine."
"Uh huh," she mumbles, picking up her pace intentionally to leave me at a distance behind her.
###Chapter 192
Kyra slows down, reaching into a hollow trunk and yanking out a shirt she throws over her body. A sense of relief washes over me, knowing I won't have to avert my eyes anymore. Running after my brother is hard enough with a burning hand and no clothes. The last thing
I need is an erection trying to follow behind the woman. I can't wait to get my hands on.
"Here," she says, tossing a pair of shorts at me.
I look at them, leaning down to slip my legs through, struggling with my useless hand. Before I can even yank them up my legs, Kyra is at my side, reaching for the other side as she tugs them up my body. I blink at her, shock written all over my face as she gives me a soft smile.
"You know, I could have done it on my own." I tell her before clearing my throat. Why is her simple action making me so choked up?
"But you don't have to anymore." She tilts her head before she takes my good hand and takes two steps backward, tugging me along. "Let's move."
I nod, following her lead, trusting her skills as she releases me and starts to move fast again. My speed increases, though I intentionally give her the space she needs to do what she needs to track effectively. I know Merikh is alive. I can feel him in my mind from time to time. A sigh here or there, something he is giving me without needlessly saying anything.
No doubt he is busy arguing with his mate through the mind link while trying to keep tabs on the rest of the pack and what is happening. But it doesn't ease the growing tension in my chest. If anything happens to him or his family, I will never forgive myself. How could I when this is all a direct result of my selfish actions? And yet...as I watch Kyra, I can't bring myself to regret it, not yet anyway.
A roar rips through the trees ahead and my heart skips to my throat as I sprint, moving as fast as I can straight toward it. Kyra is nowhere to be seen, but I know she is somewhere hidden, watching and weighing options as a true tracker and warrior would. Not far ahead, I can see a large beast pacing, taking trees out with its massive frame, as if trying to eradicate the forest.
"You truly think I would have led you to where my children are? Where we shelter those who need it most in times of war? Come now, you can't be that dense. Or has it been that long since you have led your kind wisely that you forgot we protect our people at all costs?" I hear Merikh's voice loud as if he is making sure we can find him.
The dragon roars, the trees behind Merikh swaying from the ferocity of it and yet he remains unmoved. Instead of showing any sign of fear, my big brother, my alpha, sticks his hands in his pockets and chuckles. Then he shakes his head and looks up at him. "I don't fear you or your flames." He grinds out, taking a menacing step forward. "Do your worst."
Merikh rolls his shoulders back, pride taking over his face as he grins up at the dragon who rears his head back and releases a stream of unrelenting flames.
"NO!" I roar out, tearing through the trees and trying to throw myself between my brother and the flames.
A cold wave of water strikes me in the face, shooting me back as I crash into something soft and warm. I scramble to jump up but hands wrap around me and I whip around, ready to fight until the sparks tear through me and I see Kyra holding her side. "Get over here," Colette's voice rings out as she steps up next to Merikh.
How the hell did she get here so fast?
"Hayes, I'm talking to you." She hisses, causing Kyra to grab my hand and drag me to her and Merikh.
Pain sears up my arm and into my chest, mingling with the pleasure of the sparks of the mate bond. I wince, looking away, not wanting her to let go all while my insides are screaming for her to do exactly that. She suddenly releases me and I look at her, worry in her eyes before something catches her attention and she looks across the destroyed area in front of us. "What?" I ask her and she frowns, eyes narrowing as if she is trying to focus.
"Something is over there." She whispers.
I try to look but see nothing through the warbling mass of water that is the barrier between the fire from the dragon and death.
"How can you see anything?" I scoff, and she hums to herself in thought.
"I think it's more of a feeling..."
I don't have a second to question her further as Merikh shoulders me.
"Sweet of you to try to save me, little bro." He winks, and I growl at him.
"Now is not the time to fuck around, Merikh. In case you didn't notice, I don't exactly have a great history with dragons, so can we kill this fucker and be done with it?" I remind him, lifting my arms to show him the scars that lick up my side and up into my neck and face. "The longer we wait, the longer war rages back in the pack."
Colette places a hand on my shoulder, cool water wrapping around my bicep as it worms its way onto my hand, soothing the burns that I know will take at least part of my fingers. I can't help but groan in relief, the pain now just a dull ache as the nerves grow numb and the water colder. "The deeper she draws the water from the earth, the cooler it is," Merikh smirks at me.
His smile annoys me as I glare at him. Certain death lies on the other side of that wall Colette has created and yet, he smiles as if he has no fear. His trust in Colette's powers has grown substantially, but that doesn't give him the right to act this cocky. "What is the plan?" I ask him, and he furrows his brow. "Do we plan to hide behind Colette all this time, or are we going to actually do something?"
Merikh arches a brow in amusement before he shakes his head.
"What exactly do you suggest we do for now?" He asks me and I lick my teeth, my mind spinning as I turn to look at Kyra.
But when I look for her, she isn't there. Panic grips me as I search the ground and don't find her. It brings me a tiny amount of relief until I see her signature red head, blurred from the moving water on the back side of the dragon.
"What the fuck is she doing?" I mutter to myself, taking a small step forward.
"Trust her," Merikh whispers from next to me and I shoot daggers at him with my eyes.
"Trust isn't the issue here. What if she needs me? How am I supposed to save her from all the way over here?" I hiss at him. "She is unprotected while we hide behind this wall of water."
Merikh frowns at me, looking back at Colette before he shakes his head.
"Do you want to attack, then?" He asks. "I am ready to fight when you are brother, but form your hand and how you weren't in your lycan form, we assumed you needed time to recuperate."
"I am fine," I tell him, eye forward as I crouch, preparing to launch into my lycan and take chunks out of this asshole.
"Do you know how to kill a dragon king?" Merikh asks me and I furrow my brows, confused by the question. Is he insinuating there is some other way to kill a king other than the usual way a being dies?
"Removing one's heart usually does the trick, I would think." I grit out and he exhales, crouching next to me.
"Then I suppose I will distract him and expose his underside for you?" He asks and I nod. "Colette, regain your strength and be ready to extinguish what you can."
"Yes, Alpha." She responds, but I can hear the emotion in her voice that is telling him to be safe, even if it's useless to speak the words.
Merikh leaps through the wall of water first, his body transforming mid air as he reaches out and tries to catch him in the eye. The dragon drops his massive head, barely avoiding the razor sharp nails before he jolts his neck upward, his strong snout colliding with Merikh's massive chest, throwing him high into the air.
The dragon stands on his hind legs,
mouth opening as if he will try to catch Merikh with his teeth and I lunge forward. My claws glance off his old, thick scales, but I continue to swipe across them, feeling the skin slowly giving way. In desperation, I roar in anger, grabbing his attention as I sink my teeth into the one large scale and yank away as if I were a rabid dog fighting over a scrap of meat. 
He slams his front feet back down, jolting me as kpull away, scale stuck in my mouth as I shake my head, trying to back away. But before I have the chance to get very far, he drops his weight down, catching my
hind leg with his hard scaled body. A whimper of pain tears through me as I feel my bones protesting, the heavy creaking more painful with every passing second as I try to wiggle free. 
There is a large splashing sound and I hear Colette calling out to Merikh, but I can no longer see her, or Kyra. I growl out as I throw all my strength into wiggling, the damn scale stuck in my fucking teeth as It free myself. To my dismay, the bastard rolls toward me, a sharp thud shaking my leg as I feel my blood drain from my face and I
swallow deeply. 
The pain is slow to come as he stands again, the blood coursing to the area that had been cut off bringing with it a pain so deep it leaves me unable to make a sound as I lay there. My leg is broken, not just my leg but my femur, snapped in two and my knee shattered. Merikh comes into view, dragging me away with a grunt as my lycan retreats and tries to heal me the best it can. Merikh jumps back at the dragon and I notice Kyra helping him as I lay useless as I was when Leandra died.
Anger rises in my chest, bringing with it the sour taste of bile as I try to convince myself to move. I rise on one leg, huffing as I work myself to breathe through the pain that makes my vision hazy.
"Hayes, look out!" Colette Screeches at me, her hand outstretched as if she can touch me as a massive tail slams into my chest launching me across the splintered trees and into a pile of leaves.
"Fucking hell," I cough, ignoring the blood that comes with each stabbing pain to my side. It would seem Kyra is right. In all my time trying to die, I have developed an affinity for finding myself in the wrong spot at the wrong time.
So Instead of standing again, I watch Merikh as he stealthily lands strikes at the opening I provided with the scale I dislodged. Blood pours out of his one spot, a deep gash there, but it's nowhere near deep enough to get to his heart.
And that's when I find myself distracted, my head tilting as if I am seeing things, but then I realize I know what Kyra thought she saw earlier. A little toddler boy rushing toward his momma.
He has grown since I saw him last, a whole hour ago, but there is no denying it is Tiago. Kyra spots him and her lycan stutters in its step. Shit, she is distracted now, which means she is in danger.
My head says to stand and rush to her, save her from the hit that is coming her way, but as the tail swings in her direction the dragon king takes a step backward, not looking and his massive foot moves directly for the little child with outstretched arms with a happy grin on his face.
I force myself to stand, pulling up with me a thick stick, gripping it with as much strength as I can and I sprint toward them, each stride is one of pain as I use the stick in place of my leg that drags along behind me.
My heart pounds in my ears as I look up at Kyra and she sees me, her eyes growing wide with hope as I pass her by and tackle her son out of the way.
###Chapter 193
*Kyra*
My heart stutters in my chest as Hayes dives out of sight behind the tail that swings toward me. I try to twist, protecting myself from the hit as the heated scales crash into my side. A grunt of pain huff out of my mouth, my lungs expelling every ounce of air in them as my bones creak against the hit.
The pain blossoms up my ribcage as I brace for the hit on the ground, but it never comes. Arms wrap around me, a heavy groan in my ear as I wheeze and look up. Teiran frowns down at me before he releases me, taking a step back as if my lycan form disgusts him. Then he spins on his heels and walks toward his father's massive snout and lifts his hands.
"Enough," He calls out, but even I can see how his father disagrees with his statement. "Father, this war is over, the hoard has been conferred and I have been elevated to the new king. Surely you felt the shift already?"
The dragon rears up on his hind legs, massive wings opening wide as he roars, a blue flame barreling down on Teiran as he stands there expectantly. I try to limp away, getting further away from the heat as I trip over the wrecked trees and my lycan retreats.
All I think about is getting to Hayes and Tiago and how, at that moment, the one where Hayes had to choose between me and Tiago, he chose me through Tiago. He trusted my abilities and saved the one who needed saving. How hard of a choice had that been for him? For someone who felt for so long that he wasn't enough, that he had failed so save another?
"Hayes?" I cough out, my lungs burning and side aching as I search for him.
He doesn't respond, his presence in my mind quiet and it sends a shiver through my body. There is no way he and Tiago didn't make it. Hayes is injured, but he had to have saved him...there is no way he didn't. Unless...unless he sheltered Tiago, but it wasn't rough to save them both. A sob breaks through my determination. My lips dry and cracked as the wind whips around me, hot and filled with ash and embers. "HAYES!" I scream out, frantically searching around me.
Merikh looks in my direction, his eyes wide with worry, but he is drawn away by a roar and strange cracking of bones. My eyes remain focused on where I knew Hayes and Tiago had been moments before. Would I feel the moment I lost Hayes like I felt it with Tyler? We aren't fully mated, but it feels like my chest is unable to function every second I don't see him, making it impossible to not assume the worst.
"Kyra..." his voice mutters, my name weak and to my right as I stumble to stand and rush toward it, holding my arm to my side. I fall to my knees as I see his head pop up from rubble, a little child tucked tight to his chest as he sits before. A small sob breaks from my lips, the relief flooding me so quickly it feels as if I might vomit..
"Oh," I blubber out, fighting the bitter bile in my throat as I suck in a hiss of air. Ignoring the pain in my side, I crawl to them. "You scared the shit out of me."
Hayes grins, ash and splinters peppering his hair as Tiago turns to look at me, a smile on his chubby cheeks. How he grows will never not startle me, and truthfully, it makes my heart ache to miss so much time with him. But at least he is safe now and there is still more time to be had. All because of Hayes.
"Look who I found," Hayes says, peeking down at Tiago who doesn't even reach for me. Instead, he surprises me by placing his head back down on Haye's bare chest, tracing the burns as if he is painting on a canvas. "Hey buddy, it's mama. You want to go see mama?" "No," he mumbles, his eyes looking heavy before they grow wide and he stares behind me, fear taking over his face as Hayes looks up.
"What the fuck..." Hayes mutters.
I snap my head around, looking up in the sky as wetness drips on my face. For a moment I think it is Colette, protecting us from the flames, but upon further inspection I realize it's not water.
Teiran and his father tear at each other above us. The sick sound of pained groans and tearing flesh as blood rains down from the deep gashes they land on each other. Teiran's dragon roars out, forcing me to cover my ears as they ring painfully.
Then he latches onto his father's wing from behind, tearing it off completely as it tumbles down toward us. I launch myself over Hayes and Tiago, protecting them with my body as the massive body part propels toward us, only for a quiet thud to land off in the distance. The once formidable and feared dragon king follows his arm to the ground, landing in his human form with a grunt of pain, dirt billowing around him as Merikh and Colette move over to us. Teiran's wings flap, blowing splinters of wood and leaves around toward us before he touches down gently.
He shifts, mid walk before he looms over his prey, his eyes glowing gold, his face set in murderous rage. Then he reaches down, lifting his father by the throat as he moans in pain.
"You should have known it was time for you to step down long before you took that lying bitch as a mate." Teiran seethes the words in his father's face.
"Do you think you can actually kill me?" His father spits at him.
"It seems like I have the upper hand, considering I am giving you the room to breathe such silly words." Teiran looks unphased other than a twitch in his lip.
But instead of finishing his father off
like it seemed he might, he releases him and he drops to his knees. A sick cackle rattles in his chest before he throws his head back, and he fall over in a fit of laughter, holding his stub of an arm as it gushes blood down his chest, puddling around him in the dirt. 
Teiran hovers over him, a sneer on his lips before he drags his hands over his face. I force myself to stand and slowly make my way to Teiran, reaching out for his arm as I pull him away from his father.
He follows me with zero hesitation as I turn him to look at me. There is pain in his eyes, not of the physical nature but his heart. It is breaking. And how can it not? He looked up this shell of a king once, before his mind was warped and played with using magic and trickery. "Let me do this," I whisper, and he shakes his head.
"This isn't for you to manage." He rolls his shoulders back, forcing himself to block the emotions away.
"I am your friend. We spent long enough stuck together to know that doing this will hurt you. There will be no undoing what you do here. Let us finish this. Let us take the blame." I whisper, reaching up and turning his head to make sure he sees my sincerity. Teiran protected me in his own way. This is how I return the favor and make a clean cut form him. It has to be.
"I get it now." The poor excuse of a dragon king coughs. "It was you all along, wasn't it?"
Teiran looks down, grabbing my wrist before he lifts it and opens my palm. He presses a kiss there for me, startling me as I freeze, wide eyed and confused.
"Yes." He says, his eyes trained on me as I try to make sense of his words. "I cracked the egg."
"You what?" I rasp, my heart racing as I look over at Hayes, who still sits, unable to move due to his leg, his eyes blazing in anger, but he says nothing. Instead, Hayes holds back, trusting me yet again.
"It is time for a sane ruler, one who will do anything to not only protect our kind, but protect the balance between the species. I woke up Tiago, I cracked his egg, and I left him behind with Kyra."
"You planned it all out?" I whisper, taking a step back. "But you knew I was already mates with Hayes."
Laughter rings out as his father shakes his head.
"Like father, like son, see what you want and you make it yours in any way you can," he says.
"The end goal has always been the same, regardless of how we got to where we are now. We all wanted the war to end, to solve the issue. It was the most efficient way to ensure peace-"
Anger pierces through me as I take a
few steps away from him. He
knowingly placed me in that predicament? He fooled me into thinking could trust him, as a friend, even confessed his growing feelings. Was this all selfishness or is it all what he claims it is? Just a way to bandage things up?
"No need for any of that now." I grit out, facing his cackling father and throwing myself at him, my claws drawn out as I drive them into his chest. Silence surrounds me, not a word or breath uttered as I draw my hand out and turn to face Teiran, who watches me with shock and curiosity.
"And what of Tiago?" He arches a brow.
"I will no longer be manipulated by
others' plans Thissed at him, moving overto Tiago and Hayes. Tiago still clinging to Hayes as I support his injured side. "Tiago will be raised here with me and my mate. I dare you to try to tell me otherwise, Teiran. There is not a damn thing you can say to twist me to your will anymore." 
###Chapter 194
Terian glares at me, his jaw clenching like he wishes to refute me, but he says nothing. Instead, he looks at his father, who cackles before him, then he reaches down and grips him by the throat. "You are no different than me," his father chokes up, a bloody grin on his face.
I don't need to see his eyes to know the man has been mad for a long time. His brain slowly whittled away by the magic and heartache of losing more than one of his mates. Dragons may be different in how they choose a mate, but the bond is just as ironclad as ours. Love is the strongest of weapons, especially if wielded by someone undeserving and manipulative. I find, even after all of what has happened, I pity the once great king. Toppled by the need for love, killed by his own child's hand in front of his other child, he will never get the chance to see grow.
"I am now what you once were as a king, and I refuse to let anyone break me the way you were so easily broken." Then Teiran thrusts his hand into his father's chest, blood oozing over his wrist as he fights back tears, his face in a broken grimace.
He drops his father, allowing his body to tumble to the ground as he holds his heart in his fist, tears streaming down his cheek as his chest heaves. My side stomach churns at the sight and my body aches for his loss, but only long enough for me to look over at Hayes as Tiago throws himself at me. He buries his face in my neck, a wail breaking from him as if his own heart is breaking.
"It's okay, sweetie," I murmur in his little ear, then kiss his cheek. "Mama's got you."
An intense amount of heat hit me, taking my breath away as I snap my head up and watch as Teiran falls to his knees and breathes a flame of blue light at the heart in his hand, then he chants in a language I can not speak. When he stands again, his face is pale and his eyes heavy.
Each footfall looks like he is dragging a brick of cement along with him before he stops before me and looks me in the eye. Then he touches Tiago on the back and my sweet boy jumps in fear, turning his head shyly to look at his brother.
"We are born of the ash, and our king, our father, has returned to it. Your title will be waiting for you when you are ready, little brother." Then he takes his blackened hand and reaches out, drawing a symbol on Tiago's cheek. One that looks like a smudged dragon. "Teiran..." I mumble, unsure of what to say to him after everything that transpired. He pauses, looks at me before his lips tilt down and he looks at the ground.
"When he is of age, I will take charge of him, teach him how to rule, as he will now be my heir." Then he stalks off, alone and back into the woods, leaving us all flabbergasted and injured.
"Well...that was...not how I expected that to go," Colette says, startling me.
"I kind of expected you to be the one to get the kill, Hayes." Merikh admits and Hayes scoffs, leaning on me a little more as he shifts his good leg.
"You are the Alpha of death," Hayes reminds him and Merikh shrugs. "I sort of switched that title out for the Alpha of Hope."
"Can we maybe get you to a healer before we start teasing each other about useless things?" I glare at the two brothers who are acting like the last few years they hadn't been on the outs with each other.
"Luna!" I hear a voice behind us and I turn to see Percy, the gamma who has dedicated his life to the throne, his cheeks as red as his hair.
"The kids?" Colette rushes out, fear on her face as she steps toward him.
"The twins are fine but, but..." He pauses and looks down at the ground. "Tiago has disappeared. He exploded into a ball of fire and we turned away for just a second, to make sure Harmony and Dylan were okay and well..."
"He is here." I say softly and he whips his head around, his nose scrunching in confusion before he exhales and rolls his eyes. Percy places his hands on his hips and looks at Colette.
"Is this some weird dragon thing?" He asks, "Just like how Dylan can manipulate water?"
"He can do what?" Merikh screeches and looks at Colette, who makes an "oh shit" face.
"I think maybe Kyra is right. We should probably tend to the wounded." She hurries over to Merikh, stopping to take a pair of shorts out of a bag Percy has in hand.
Colette hands them to him as he
glares, but he doesn't fight off her hands when she wraps her arms around his waist and looks up at
him. Then he sweetly gives heranet
kiss on her forehead and turns to
walk with her under his arm, offering support if he may need it, but by the looks of it, he seems much better off than Hayes is. 
"Do you have any other clothes in there?" I ask Percy and he reaches in, tossing me a top and shorts.
"Can you help?" I ask Percy, who rushes over and helps Hayes. "Oh, I thought you might take Tiago, actually."
He winces and swallows roughly before he clears his throat.
"No offense, but I'd rather carry Hayes by myself the whole way than take the little guy again."
I chuckle to myself, lowering Tiago for a moment as I quickly toss my shirt on and slip into my shorts before lifting the little guy up on my hip a little higher, smiling at him brightly.
"Come on buddy," I mutter to him as Percy helps Hayes.
"Walk in front," Hayes demands in a soft voice. My brows furrow, and I tilt my head as I look at him.
"Why?" I ask.
"So I can see that you are safe. I just...need to be able to have eyes on you two for a while, that's all."
"And here I thought you wanted to check me out." I tease. He smiles and shakes his head.
"I mean, there are bonuses to wanting to keep a close watch on you two." He says, then he winks.
The walk back feels like forever. Hayes looks awful and Tiago grows more fussy by the second, squirming as if he wants down to walk. And though I know he can walk now, even if he was a baby earlier today. "Tiago, we are almost back, okay? Can you be a good boy and stay calm a little longer?" I ask him and he pouts, shaking his head stubbornly.
Fantastic, he also adopted the terrible twos mindset along with his walking abilities. I exhale, exhausted from fighting, almost losing the two most important people in my life and the injuries I have sustained.
"You have to hold my hand, okay?" I say sternly, looking at him as he tilts his head to the side before he grins and nods.
As I bend down and drop his little
feet to the ground, he grabs hold of
my finger, gripping it tightly, just like
his hold on my heart. I look back over my shoulder, tears in my eyes as I watch Hayes smiling at the little boy at my side. He looks so proud as he watches him before he meets my eyes. 
"Ohhh...hot!" Tiago squeals in excitement, drawing my attention as I spin back around and gape at the fire blazing in the pack. Sirens rush around, panicked as they do their best to extinguish the flames burning down the remainder of our joined packs. 
"Shit!" Colette rushes past us before she drops to the ground, her hands spread over the green grass as her breathing steadies and the earth rumbles under my feet.
But before she can do anything, Tiago rushes forward, his chubby hands in the air as he laughs in glee. Then, as if the fire were under his command, it leaves the buildings and foliage floating in the air around him as he spins, playing with the flames. "What the hell is happening..." Merikh asks, though the question feels rhetorical as I watch my son in the happiest moment I have ever seen him.
"I-i-l don't know...maybe it's a dragon thing?" I whisper, looking at Hayes, who gives me a reassuring look.
"He is learning who he is, and it's safer for him in this controlled environment. If it gets too hot, Colette can extinguish it and we can explain to him the dangers of fire to us, and water to him."
###Chapter 195
*Hayes*
"Tiago," Kyra whispers, closing the gap between him and her before she crouches down to his height. He giggles, a joy in his eyes that I have often seen reserved for Christmas mornings.
"Hot." He smiles so widely his cheeks dimple and she gently places her hand on his arm.
"Yeah buddy," she agrees, the flames now circling the two of them as sweat dots her brow. "But it's too hot for mama. It hurts mama, and Hayes and everyone else here."
His little brows furrow, and I have no idea if he understands what she is saying. How much can someone who skips years in a day really comprehend? Then he tilts his head to the side, his eyes meeting mine, then he frowns.
The flames drift toward me as if floating on an invisible boat across the ocean waves. As they get closer, the heat grows and I lift my arm to block my face, the sting of my burns on my arm growing more painful by the second. I hiss and wince and suddenly the flames disappear and Tiago drops to the ground on his butt, sadness in his eyes.
"Dada, hurt?" He says as his little lips pull together and quiver.
My heart breaks in two, my chest aching as I try to understand this awakening in me that wants to cry at hearing that title from his mouth.
"I'm okay, Tiago," I saw, my voice hoarse as I swallow the emotions swimming through me. Kyra looks at me with a tiny, knowing smile on her lips as she feels what I am feeling through our one sided bond. I can see her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
"He just needs to see a healer," Colette says softly, moving over to Tiago and grinning at him. "You know, I bet my kids would love to see you again, and maybe play some fun games."
He lights up, a typical kid forgetting the thing that was just on their mind when the mention of playing comes up. I can't help but chuckle at his excitement as he jumps up and nods his head.
"Mama will come find you after I take dada to see the healer." Kyra tells him as he grips Colette's hand. Steam rises between their skin and they both look at it in shock before Colette giggles and he does, too.
"Kyra, you should go with him." I say and she gives me a look, one telling me that she will not be doing what I say at all.
"He will be fine with us," Colette assures me. "If anything, he is safer with me around than anyone else."
I watch as Tiago happily follows along with Colette, not even sparing a glance back at us as Percy starts trudging me along each step like a dagger to my leg as he tries to keep me from jostling around too much. It takes effort to hide my pain from Kyra, but I mask the pain until we make it to the healers.
Percy helps me to the bed, a groan of relief breaking from my dry lips as I settle in, my muscles aching as my head rests back on the soft pillow. Spark rush through my body from my hand racing up toward my shoulder before spreading out through my chest and to every nerve ending in my body. I turn to look at Kyra as she sits next to me, looking at the healer who frowns as he picks up my charred hand.
"Well," he clicks his tongue, reaching for some salve on the table next to him. "The best we can do is ease the pain. I know I don't have to tell you how dragon's flame works."
"Yeah, I am well aware." I say, gritting my teeth.
The healer exhales deeply, shaking his head as he painfully drags his fingers over my blistered and burned skin. Every drag, no matter how gentle, feels like a dagger digging down to the bone. But I find solace in Kyra's gentle stroking of her thumb over my good hand, her touch easing the pain as best as she can.
"If this doesn't heal well, Hayes, I would suggest amputation." He mutters before lifting his eyes to meet mine. My lips press together tightly, unimpressed by his suggestion.
"You suggested that last time." I remind him, and he nods solemnly.
"I am aware of that, and I stand by that statement now and then." He says, looking to meet my eyes. "The extent of the damage is far worse than the last time, Hayes. I fear you will lose at least two fingers, if not three. The risk of infection is far too high." I sigh.
"Perhaps we can look at my leg now?" I ask him. "That is where the majority of my pain lies."
"Yes, yes," He mutters as he wraps my lower arm and hand in some type of leaves and then elastic band. When he makes his way down to my leg and pushes my shorts up.
"How bad?" Kyra asks, and I give her hand a squeeze back.
"It's just a break. It will heal." I remind her. She knows this, but the worry on her face doesn't fade away.
"This will not be a quick heal, Hayes." The healer admits, his hands pressing on my sensitive skin as I groan in pain.
"Fuuuucking hell." I grind out, forcing my head back into the pillow as I try to breathe through my teeth.
"This right here?" The healer points to a lump in my thigh, pressing down as I grunt out. "Is a snapped femur, Hayes. I will need to set it and you will not be able to move for a while."
"I am a lycan, and one born a beta at that. It will heal much faster than that." I say with confidence. "Plus I am mated, well, almost fully mated."
Kyra grins, shaking her head at my stubbornness.
"I will make sure he doesn't move a muscle." She promises the healer. "And I will be sure to mark him, so he gets the most out of the bond."
The healer nods, and I look over at Kyra, watching as she nibbles her bottom lip shyly. I can sense the way she wants to make the full bonde happen. Simply marking each other isn't enough. We will need to mate, eventually, to have the bond int Swing. And the sooner I heal, the quicker that will be. 
Pain rips me from the delightful thought of finally having Kyra to myself in every way. Bile rises in my throat, burning its way up into my mouth as the bitter flavor coats my tongue and stars dot my eyes.
I can feel the way my muscles move, the bone slipping back into place as he sets in. The feeling makes my stomach squirm and there is no stopping the vomit as it flies past my lips, sloshing onto the floor. "There." The healer says in my ears as they ring violently, Kyra's gentle hand rubbing my back before she lowers me down.
"That sucked." I sputter out, my body shaking with exhaustion and agony.
"Yes, well, it sucks less when it is a surprise," the healer murmurs as he goes about securing my leg. I spit the taste of vomit out to the side and glare at him. "Says who?" I ask, not hiding my annoyance, and he shrugs.
"I read it in a human medical book once." He shrugs. "Not entirely sure it is the same for us or not, but I presume as much."
"You presume?" I scoff and he ignores me, milling about before he hums, and then he exits the room without another word.
"How are you feeling?" Kyra asks, her eyes filled with worry and her lips pursed to the side.
"You want the truth?" I ask, my eyes sliding closed as the exhaustion takes over.
"Of course I do." She chuckles.
"I feel fucking awful," I admit, then I draw her hand to my lips. "Yet, I have never felt more whole in my life."
I peek through my eyes, catching a
glimpse of her perfect smile. Then she leans down, her face hovering over mine as she lets go of my hand and strokes the hair from my face. Her fingers graze over my scared face, and she doesn't grimace or pull away. Instead, she smiles the most genuine of smiles filled with the
purest love. 
"I still can't believe you saved Tiago," she whispers in awe.
"He is our son," the word slips out, but it feels so right and she hides the sweetest grin. "Plus, I have underestimated you far too many times to think you couldn't handle yourself." She arches a brow in surprise. "Oh? Is that so?"
"Mmm, maybe. I don't know," I grin, letting my eyes fall closed once more. "I might be delirious from all this pain."
"Oh, most definitely." She teases
back with me, and then soft as a breeze, I feel her lips meet mine and the pain melts into nothing, my heart pounding in my chest and my lycan whimpering in happiness. So much agony in the past two years has only made these happy moments feel so much sweeter. 
###Chapter 196
Someone shoves on my shoulder, making me groan as I drag my heavy eyelids open. I jolt away from Merikh's face that is far too close for comfort, an annoying grin on his face. My brows pull together and I frown at him, reaching up and shoving his face away. "He's alive," He pronounces to the empty room and I roll my eyes.
"What do you want?" I ask him, and he shrugs, just moseying his way around the room.
"Can't a guy check in on his baby brother?" He asks, and I scoff.
"You came to just check on me?" I ask him and he nods.
"Actually, yes, I did," He says sticking his hands in his pockets. "I knew you weren't going to die on us, but three days of sleep does seem excessive and everyone was convinced you just needed the rest. Me? Not so much."
"I am healing a broken leg and other injuries." I remind him, wincing when my hand begins to tingle and burn. "Ugh," I grunt, lifting the freshly bandage limb.
"How is it feeling?" He asks, finally looking serious.
"Partially numb and partially painful." I shrug, noticing a difference in length.
Panic rises in my chest as I swallow roughly and lift both arms. The unmistakable size difference hits me hard as I grow teary-eyed and unable to breathe. The healer had mentioned the possibility of amputation, but I figured they would give me the time to heal first. "Kyra tried to stop the healer, if it makes you feel any better. She insisted we wake you up to speak with you about it."
I scoff, shaking my head before I drop my arms and slam my head back into the pillow.
"Might have been nice to have a say in it." I mutter, and he frowns before he walks over and takes a seat on the bed.
"Hayes, Kyra did try to wake you up, but there was already an infection setting in and you were out because of it... It was my call to move forward." He frowns and I can see the guilt and the lie on his face. "It was Kyra." I say softly.
"No, it was me." He insists, and I give him a look, which makes him glance away and exhale.
"I am not stupid, Merikh and no amount of time can make me forget how you look when you try to protect someone else."
"She was against it at first..." He sighs and shakes his head. "But when you wouldn't wake up, that's when she panicked. She hasn't slept since you went to bed, between Tiago and her worry for you..." "She made the right call." I whisper, looking at where my hand used to be, a dull ache in my chest as I try to weigh the emotional toll this will all have.
"She did," He agrees, but he keeps his eyes trained on me as if looking for something more. I roll my eyes and sigh.
"What?" I ask and he shrugs.
"Just making sure you are actually okay." His concern is moving but ill placed. At least, right now. Until the time comes that I have processed what I have lost, then I will need people to lean on. "How is everyone?" I ask, changing the subject. "Dylan? Harmony?"
"They are unharmed and unphased." He says, looking sad. "Both a curse and a blessing at times of war where young child have to learn to understand the meaning of life and death." "You can't shield them from everything that happens, Merikh." I give him a half smile of encouragement and he chuckles.
"I hate how true that statement is," he mumbles, lifting his hand and rubbing the back of his neck. Merikh looks exhausted as he drops his hand down to his lap and sighs heavily.
"How are you?" I ask, my brow arching up as he looks at me and the corners of his mouth drop.
"I am struggling." He admits.
"How could you not be? This war took many lives, but a lot of good came from it too. Alliances, and the ability to work with other species."
He nods along, agreeing with me.
"Yeah, yeah," He groans, standing up as he paces away. "We lost so many more than you know, Hayes. In the two years you were off trying to get yourself killed, I was struggling to keep outer packs alive."
I chuckle dryly, licking my lips. There
is the anger have expected from
him all along. One thing about
Merikh that I know will never change is when he is angry he must let
tits
infor
out. He had been holding this too long, understanding of my hurt and self loathing for too long. Now he has hit his limit and I know what he wants from me. 
"And I was doing nothing?" I ask, knowingly stoking the flames of his frustration.
"You were running away, and I get it. But you had duties too. You walked away from them because you were heartbroken." He says, his voice calm, but I can see the anger behind his eyes.
"It wasn't about being heartbroken." I whisper, closing my eyes tightly before opening them again. "In a way it was, but that was just the surface of it."
"Then what was it? I am trying so hard to let go of my anger and hurt from the past two years, heavens knows I am trying, but Hayes, you disappeared within yourself and then reemerged when you found your new mate. Are you here because you want your mate or because you want to be here?"
My chest heaves up and down as I force myself to remain calm and understand where he is coming from. Merikh and I were all we had, and then Colette came and she became family. I thought he would be okay, that he had someone, so he wouldn't need to rely so heavily on me anymore. Clearly, I was wrong.
"I left because I wasn't strong
enough. Leandra died because I was
weak, and I needed to prove to
myself I deserved to be a beta. How
the hell could I protect you or any of I your future children if I couldn't
protect the one person I was meant to protect? Merikh, she didn't just die, she suffered horribly in the most awful way." Tears stream
down my cheeks and I wipe at them
with my nub of a hand.
"Hayes," He whispers, his face falling and that look of sympathy I used to hate so much taking over. Only this time I don't hate it like I used to. This time, it feels medicinal.
"I wanted to die, yes, and I was angry
at you for your alpha's order, but in the back of my mind, I knew you were doing it for me. It's not about a mate. My coming back is solely due to me understanding myself beyond anger. Kyra did what she always does for me. She cleared my mind, she challenged me and she forced me to think." 
I press my head into the pillow, looking up at Merikh.
"And what will you do now that Kyra will stay here and raise Tiago?" He asks.
"Well, can't exactly be a top-notch warrior without a hand," I tease, and he rolls his eyes at me. "But I figure I can help where I am needed. Maybe be a dad and an uncle."
Merikh nods his head, then sighs and shoves his hands back in his pockets.
"Truth be told, I just missed your ugly mug and now that you are home, I don't know who to worry about."
I break out in laughter, my good hand flying up to my hair as I run my fingers through it.
"Worry about those trouble makers of yours, especially Dylan." I tease, and his eyes widen in agreement.
"That boy is freaking Houdini and apparently he is rather skilled with water." He says.
"Yeah, I heard Percy mention that. You, uh, ever get to the bottom of that?" I ask, and he shakes his head.
"Is it weird that I was surprised? I mean, I shouldn't be. Colette is royalty, of course she can manipulate the water. But I just sort of assumed it would be less prominent down the bloodline." He mumbles, then he glares at me. "What?" I say innocently.
"You have gotten better at changing the subject." He says, pressing his lips together.
"You can be angry with me again later." I say, faking a yawn.
"I can see right through that tactic." He mutters, smirking before he walks over to the door.
"Merikh," I call out to him and he looks up. "The war is over. Now is the time to rest. Let Colette help you and rely on Thatcher. When I am better, we can discuss how I can help you and the pack."
He nods, a happy smile on his face.
"Welcome home, Hayes. It's good to have you back."
###Chapter 197
*Kyra*
Tiago and Dylan play in the corner of Merikh's office, giggling as they mash little toys together, letting them fly to various parts of the room before chasing them down. Silence falls between Merikh and me as we wait for Colette to return from putting Harmony down for bed. "They seem to play well together." He offers, nodding to the two boys who are up way beyond their bedtime now. My soft smile spreads over my lips, the notion that they would generally be natural born enemies not lost on me. "I am glad they do." I admit.
"In truth, I was worried the twins might be considered strange or avoided for their unique powers, if they both have them."
I sigh, a small frown on my lips. "That is something I have thought about with Tiago, too. His kind, both his kind, have wreaked havoc on the supernatural world. He was meant to be the ultimate weapon against everyone." Merikh surprises me by chuckling before nodding in agreement.
"The thought has crossed my mind, too. But then I remind myself that Colette came from a home with little love aside from her early years and she turned out just fine." He says.
"Yes, but sirens are a more peaceful race," I remind him, looking at my dark-haired, sweet boy who chose me to be his mother.
"Dragons are peaceful. They had been for many, many generations. It was their king's desire for love that led to all of this. Perhaps the right kind of love is what is needed to help guide him in the right direction." Merikh says, his brow raised in surprise by my candid comment.
I press my hand to my temple, allowing my eyes to fall closed for a moment before I frown and open them again.
"His mother was a creature of chaos." I remind him and he exhales, sitting back in his chair, his eyes trained on Dylan and Tiago.
"The best we can do for now is hope that the dragon has won out over the Phoenix in him."
The door opens behind me and I spin to see Colette enter and hold the door open, revealing Hayes hobbling his way in with modified crutches. My eyes widen as I jump up, rushing over to help, but before I have the chance, Tiago rushes over and throws himself into his good leg.
My chest seizes as I watch the look on Hayes' face go from surprise to utter adoration as he releases his hand from the crutch and ruffles Tiago's hair. I can feel my lip quivering witnessing the sweet exchange and I capture it between my teeth, forcing it to steady. I will not cry over this sweet moment, instead, I will lock it away forever in my heart.
"Hey there, my little spitfire. What are you up to?" He asks him and Tiago grabs his hand, trying to drag him over to Dylan. "Whoa, whoa, hold on. How about I follow you? Okay?"
Tiago agrees as he rushes to Dylan, who grins, holding up his car for his Uncle Hayes to see. He shoots me a wink as my heart pounds in my chest just seeing him up and moving. What I want to do is rush over to him and hug him, holding him tight. Instead, I move over to him, intercepting him right before he gets to the boys, and he grins down at me.
"Oh, you are here too?" He teases and I lick my teeth in feign annoyance.
"Did you think you could just walk in here and not give me a kiss?" I ask, my hands finding my hips as I toss a little sass at him. He arches a brow and leans forward. He removes his hand again and wraps it around my back, tugging me close to him.
"I was hoping you would be just as needy as me," He whispers before he presses his lips to mine with the most impeccable softness before he pulls back. "Any more than that and I won't be able to be in public for a while."
"Hmm, well, we can always fix that later now that I know you are able to put some work in." I take a step back, then reach out to his arm that is wrapped in leather bands and attached to the crutch above, where he lost his hand. "Does this not irritate it?" He shrugs. "Not really. The more weight bearing strap is up on my bicep so it doesn't tug on the sensitive skin."
"Hess..." Dylan calls impatiently before I gently rub his arm and step to the side.
"I'm coming," he rushes out, lowering himself into a chair next to the kids.
"Are you supposed to be up and moving?" Merikh asks, frowning down at his brother.
"Was I supposed to get a doctor's note to wander the halls?" Hayes asks, and Merikh chuckles.
"Oh great, feeling well enough to have adopted your mate's attitude." He mutters, and I gawk at him.
"Excuse me?" I say and Colette laughs.
"I am so excited to have you back, Hayes, and to get to know you, Kyra." She says, then she looks at the boys and grins. "I have a feeling poor Harmony is in for a lot of pranks from these two."
My stomach twists at the thought of
a prank gone bad. What if Tiago uses flames and doesn't understand the consequences of what it can do to non dragons? What if he grows angry and can't control his heat or flames? I swallow roughly at the thought of having to face Merikh and Colette if something terrible happens and one of the kids gets hurt. 
"Perhaps we should stay off pack grounds, a little way away." I offer the thought too fresh in my mind. Merikh snaps his eyes to me and Colette frowns.
"I disagree," Hayes says softly as he plays with the kids.
"Hayes," I say, pinching the bridge of my nose. "What if something happens?"
"Then something happens." Colette says softly. "With my abilities and with Dylan's, I would argue this is the safest place for him. Surrounded by family and love and people who can help tame the fire."
"That is a lot for us to ask of you and Dylan, especially considering he is a toddler."
Merikh walks over to me and Colette, sitting on the edge of his desk.
"Colette and I have discussed this for days, running through every scenario. As you and I discussed, dragon's desire for love. Let us help you with that, show the importance of family and caring for loved ones while loving him through the hard times with you both."
I nibble my lip nervously, as I take a
seat and bounce my leg before I
stand and pace again, wringing my hands. Is it possible to just love him
enough and imbed him with the support of a family to subdue the phoenix inside of him? If it even survived the dragon part of him? 
"Teiran told you that the Dragon can not coexist with any other species. It burns it out, and every male must be a dragon." Hayes reminds me and I nod in silence.
I know he is right, but it feels like I
am making huge decisions as a mother I never had time to think
about or come to terms with. Onect
minute he is a baby and the next thing know, he is a toddler. he is a toddler. Literally. What if he grows faster than Dylan and Harmony and that puts a stress
on him? 
“Kyra, we will work through all the problems I can see running through your head as they come up." Hayes says, his voice a beacon of strength in the storm of my mind.
"Tiago," I say, grabbing his attention as I walk toward him and crouch low, giving him the best smile I can muster. He looks at me instantly, tilting his chubby cheeks to the side. "Do you wanna stay here? Huh? Make this our home?"
He pulls his brows in, his lips pursing as he tries to process what I am saying, and then he smiles.
"Mama." He says with a happy little voice before he grips Hayes's finger. "Dada."
I smirk at him and shake my head.
"Well, I suppose he is just happy wherever we are happy for now." I say, looking back at Merikh and Colette.
"And if that changes, we can adjust." Colette shrugs.
"Or we just work through it," Hayes responds. "If it's always easy, then none of us are learning, isn't that right bud?" He asks Tiago who ignores us and yawns, reaching out for Dylan who takes his hand.
"How about Tiago stays the night with Dylan in his room?" Merikh suggests, coming over and swooping up both boys in his arms. "What do you boys think, huh?"
They squeal in delight as he tickles them and spins in a circle.
"Sounds like a yes to me." Colette laughs.
"Might be more of the fun spinning," Hayes says, "But I won't complain about having the room to ourselves tonight." My stomach flips and my lungs grow tight at the suggestion that he will be in our bed beside me. Finally. "You can sleep in our room tonight?" I ask as I go to help him up as Merikh and Colette already leave the room.
"Did I say anything about sleeping Kyra?" He gives me a sly grin, leaning in close to my ear, his hot breathing making me shiver. "You can only avoid me for so long. I'm an injured man and I need you to help heal what ails me." "Oh? And what ails you?" I tease.
"I have lots of spots that probably need a kiss or something of the sort," he shrugs.
I throw my head back and laugh freely, a burning in the pit of my stomach growing with every second we are alone, and he looks at me with his loving eyes.
"Then let's hurry and get those wounds taken care of. I have other plans after I am done with that."
###Chapter 198
*Hayes*
I settle onto the bed, patting the area around me as I lean against the headboard. My stomach flutters as I clear my throat and then readjust the blanket for the twentieth time. It shouldn't be so nerve wrecking, but I find my throat tight and heart racing. This isn't our first time, well, I suppose in a way it is.
But we had a quick, anger masked tryst in the woods once and ever since then I have craved more. I wasn't prepared then for what it meant to still have that attachment to her. Hell, I wasn't ready to even accept her into any aspect of my life. She came suddenly and hit me hard and looking back now; I realize I never stood a chance.
The door handle twists, and I snap my eyes up, sitting up a little straighter and ignoring the small twinge in my leg. She steps into the room, a sly smirk on her plush lips as she meets my gaze. Her freckled cheeks dimple as she takes a few steps toward me and I clear my throat, looking around the room.
Kyra's light airy laughter wafts through the room, drawing my attention back to her as she shakes her head.
"You look like you are worried. I am going to give you a lobotomy." She teases and I grin.
"Brain surgery might help me with not overthinking this whole thing." I motion to the space between us as
she approaches the bed, and she frowns slightly with her brows tugging together.
"What is there to overthink?" She asks. I clear my throat, looking down at my hands as I rub my fingers over the bandage where I used to have a maimed palm and fingers.
"I'm not sure I can live up too much right now." I admit.
I watch her process my words, her face remaining unchanged, as if she is disappointed in my answer. It is astounding to me how she can make me so nervous and yet inspire so much truth and such a feeling of home at the same time. I want to blow her world away, to make her feel amazing and please her like a mate should. But the fear of failing her is annoyingly niggling in the back of my brain.
"Why do you have to do all the work?" Kyra finally arches a brow, and I blink at her.
"What?" I swallow and she chuckles, reaching out and pulling the blankets aside. She reaches down to her thigh, gripping the satin fabric of her pajama dress as she tugs it up slowly.
"I have something to tell you," she whispers, a growing intensity in her eyes as she lifts her dress higher and higher. She stops just before exposing herself to me and I groan, dropping my head back on the wooden headboard.
"You have my undivided attention." I tell her, reaching out as I stroke my good hand up her thigh and under her dress. My fingers glide up her smooth skin, feeling the crease of her leg where it meets her pelvis, and I bite my lip as I shiver. She is fully bare under this thin little thing. "Did you wear this in the hallway?"
"Shh, I'm talking." She grins. Kyra moves her hand down, gripping my wrist before she guides it over toward her stomach a few inches, then she presses to her lower abdomen. I tilt my head, confused as I try to inch my fingers lower, but she stops me, placing it back on her flat stomach.
When I look up at her, her face has changed, almost as if she is worried. Her brows pulled together and down as she nibbles on her lower lip.
"Hayes, you remember that time in the woods...right?" She whispers, her eyes meeting mine as I nod that I indeed remember it.
"I remember everything that concerns you, Kyra." I tell her honestly, my thumb gently rubbing over her smooth skin.
"Well, I'm fairly certain that moment led to something more than us." Her voice cracks and my eyes widen. "Fairly certain, or certain?" I ask, leaning on my nub to force myself up a little straighter.
"I just took a test. Obviously I'm still in the first trimester but..."
"We are having a baby?" I gaze up at her, my heart soaring into my throat as I realize another kid doesn't even seem scary when I know it's with her, when I know this war is over.
"Yeah..." She nods, tears in her eyes. "Are you mad?"
"Mad for you? Hell yes! Mad for my unborn child and for Tiago to get a sibling? Yes! But mad as in angry? Fuck no." I chuckle, moving my hand from her stomach and wrapping it around her waist as I tug her to me. She giggles as she falls into me.
"Careful!" she squeals. "I don't want to hurt you."
I twist my body, throwing her over me, my leg protesting, but the pain isn't enough to make me worry as I roll her onto my handless arm. Her nightgown is up to her bellybutton as I look down and my mouth grows dry. I tug my arm out from under her, rising to my knees as I gaze down, soaking up the view.
Her fiery hair is splayed over the white egyptian cotton sheets, her cheeks flushed and her lip, trapped between her teeth as I reach out and slip my finger under the thin strap of her nightie and use my lycan nails to slice through the first one, then the second. Before she has a chance to verbally protest, I move to her side and slit it down the side.
She lets out a dissatisfied squawk, but when I look at her, I see her eyes fall closed and her body shivers, her body reacting my eyes as if a cool breeze were caressing over her.
There is no helping myself as I cup her cheek and slip my hand down her jawline to her collarbone and between the valley of her breasts. I circle her right one, my fingers brushing over her tender flesh as she moans and her back arches toward me in need.
"Hayes," she rasps,
"Shh," I whisper to her, dragging my fingers down to her stomach, stroking her skin for a second before I move lower. I memorize every perfect freckle on the way down, the way they feel like the stars guiding me to where she needs me to be. Where I am struggling to not bury myself right now.
"I have been dreaming about this for years," she gasps as my thumb slips over her when she thrust up her hips, seeking the warmth of my touch.
"Yeah?" I whisper, leaning down, my elbow next to her as I find her sensitive spot, painfully slowly, applying the right amount of pressure as I rub up and down.
My mouth finds her breast, suckling it into my mouth as my teeth gently brush over her and she groans my name. I am lost in her, the way her body squirms and the gasping breaths for air when I feel her fingers clasp around me and my mouth falls open, hot air rushing from my lips onto her breast before I rise up and give her a sly look.
"What? Only you get to touch?" She asks innocently before she gives me a solid squeeze that forces a deep, inhuman sound from my throat. "Oh, I really like that noise.'
"I like that grip." I grin, leaning down and kissing her throat. Her hands move, slipping under the waistband of my boxer briefs before she slips them down, and I am freed. Instincts take over and I press my hips to her as I tear my hand away. I rest pressed against her, her wetness and warmth begging me with as much need as her eyes. 
"I was trying to be slow and gentle," I grit out. Then she locks her leg on mine and suddenly I am flipped over onto my back. I place my hand under my head, grinning up at her, not at all unpleased by the view on top of me.
"I want you sitting up against the headboard," she instructs me as I arch a brow.
"Are you sure?" I ask and she scowls at me, a tiny smile hiding behind it.
"Ooof, if you are going to be a beta again, you are going to just have to take orders without question." She teases and ì scoff, adjusting myself as I inch up and back, hiding the wince on my face. Kyra frowns at me as she crawls up my legsand straddles me. I can feel myself just hover outside her entrance, but instead of forcing my way in, I look up at her. 
"What is wrong?" I ask when I notice the furrowed brows and concern on her sweet face.
"I'm sorry," she whispers. "For ever making you feel like you look awful now. With these scars."
I chuckle and tilt my head.
"I am not blind, Kyra. This is not my best look."
Her eyes soften and she reaches
out, her hand cupping my burned
side, then she leans forward and her
lips brush over my skin. Kyra's fingers slip into my hair as she tilts my head back, exposing my neck where flames once licked up my skin. She rubs her nose to my scarred skin, a strange sensation
rippling through my body as I grow
even harder. 
"I love everything about you, Hayes." She whispers before pressing a kiss to my neck. "These scars are beautiful, and I will spend every last minute of my life making sure you never doubt how much I feel that way."
Then she drops her hips down, causing me to glide into her wet warmth.
"Holy shit," I mutter, my voice wavering as she lifts and lowers herself again, then she rocks, her center presses to mine as I grip her waist and drive up, meeting her every move. I am not going to last very long, not with her moving like this on me.
"That feel okay?" She whispers, her chest arching forward as she leans back, her hands gripping my knees as she finds a better rhythm between us.
Kyra moans and grunts, her sounds driving me fucking wild as I grit my teeth and close my eyes, forcing myself to wait for her. It's not until I feel her clamp around me, the way her body spasms, and she throws herself forward, arms wrapping around my neck as she presses her lips to mine.
"Hold on just a little longer, okay?" She gasps out. "I don't want it to end."
"Fuck, Ky. I'm trying, but you feel so fucking good riding me like this." Then she takes my lips, her heavy breathing turning into a quivering gasp before she yanks my head to the side, exposing the scars on my neck.
"Finish with me," she whispers, then she sinks her teeth into my neck as my vision blurs. Stars explode and I grip her ass tight, my fingers digging into her as I slam her down twice more and empty into her. When she pulls away, her chest is heaving, and she places her sweaty forehead to mine.
"I look forward to sweet and slow in the morning," she swallows air. I chuckle, stroking her hair as I catch my breath.
"Morning? You are crazy if you think I'm waiting that long."
###Chapter 199
*Kyra*
I rest my head on the door frame, leaning into it as I watch Hayes sleep, the light from the bathroom hitting his face just right. He has been through so much, changed and yet not changed at the same time. His scars shine in the light but they don't diminish his looks, instead they make me smile.
I get to spend the rest of my life healing his inner scars, the ones that we both carry and will always struggle with. Perhaps this is what we needed to understand, not only life, but what it means to love. The bond can't make you love someone. It plants the seed, but it takes effort. It takes time and nurturing. The Hayes I loved when I was a teen is not the same Hayes laying in front of me, and we are both better for it. How else would I have realized how much I needed to fight for him? How else would he have woken up from the terrible nightmare of a life he threw himself into?
"It's a little creepy, you standing there grinning like that," Hayes' soft voice drifts to me, a sleepy raspiness that melts my heart.
"Creepy?" I scoff, feigning hurt, and I watch his lips twitch up as he tries to hide a smile and cracks one eye open.
"Stalker-ish?" He says, thinking that altering his word use might save him. I arch a brow in interest. "Well, my job is basically a spy. Kind of." I shrug my shoulders before pushing off the door, leaving the light on.
"Oh? And what information do you plan to get from me?" He asks, lifting his arm to encourage me back into bed.
"Mmm, I know everything about you already." I tease, throwing the covers back away from him, exposing his naked body. "I learned what I didn't know a few times last night."
He glares up at me.
"So you know why I am annoyed with you?" He asks, and I throw my head back and chuckle. "Because I am not naked?" I ask, and he smirks.
"You may know me pretty well."
"We have to go check on Tiago, and then maybe grab some food. I am starving and this baby isn't going to feed itself." I say, patting my belly under the oversized t-shirt I found in the dresser.
Hayes' face goes from sleepy sexiness to excited dad to be as he sits up quickly.
"When will you start to show?" He asks, reaching out and tugging on my shirt as he draws me closer, then rests his head on my stomach as I stand between his legs.
"Uh, well, I kind of feel like I already am showing a little," I frown, looking down at him. My stomach flutters and I place my hand in his hair, gently stroking my fingers through his strands, enjoying this sweet moment.
"I-i-I swear something just moved." He mutters, and I furrow my brows.
"I don't think I am far enough along that I can feel movement yet." I tell him. Then he looks up at me. His chin resting on my belly button.
"I have lycan hearing, my dear. I heard the movement." Then he grins widely. "There is really a baby in there."
I scoff and roll my eyes. "Did you think I made it up?"
"Hell no, but being told and then knowing? There is a difference." He whispers in awe, looking at the stomach, his hand brushing over the area. I swear I have a bump.
"Uh, huh." I tease, stepping back, bending and kissing his head before I walk over and grab him some clothes. "But for now, we have to go save your brother from the little dragon king heir."
"I am sure Tiago has been good." He assures me, and it's not that I disagree, but there has been so much that has happened in such a short time and with Tiago's random and extraordinary growth spurts as of late, who knows what he is and isn't comprehending.
"I just want to keep him a little close lately." I say, meeting Hayes' eyes.
I can sense he understands my feelings, the bond doing what it does best and making communication smoother by way of sharing our deep emotional connection.
"How do you think he will respond to a sibling?" He asks, looking excited. "I wonder if he will want a sister or a brother. Maybe he will help us pick a name?"
His shoulders straighten as he tugs
a shirt over his head and reveals his messy hair and happy smile. Hayes' is lost in thought, happy thoughts of a future he kept swearing up and down. He wanted nothing to do with. Back when Hayes tried to convince me he didn't want me, that he couldn't want me. 
Back when he was so worried about how undeserving he was.
"Hayes," I whisper, tilting my head to the side, a sadness in my stomach causing my throat to grow tight.
"Yeah?" He asks while pulling the elastic waistband of his shorts over his legs.
"I know you are happy now, but...with everything that happened, all the things you said and how you felt,"
I pause, taking a deep breath. "Are you sure this is what you want?"
"What do you mean?" He asks, his eyes narrowing on me as he pushes himself to stand.
I exhale deeply and then grip my hands together.
"Maybe it's the hormones. Just forget I said anything." I murmur, turning back to the dresser as I reach for my clothes.
"No," He says sternly and I feel his demanding presence at my back, the warmth of his closeness, the breeze of his breath that tickles my neck. There is no hiding anything from each other. I can't do that, not again. All it does is breed discord and confusion." 
I spin, finding myself looking up into his determined eyes.
"All of this has been sudden and nonstop. You went from wanting nothing to do with me to swearing you
can't live without me and I am just worried that-"
"Never, not once, have I lied to you." He tells me and I roll my eyes.
"He says as he lies." I say with a little sass.
"What I told you was truths I
believed based on lies I told myself. I
spent years convincing myself I
failed to protect Leandra. Hell, I
blamed my own brother. Instead seeing it for what it was, an unfortunate event that forever changed me. I allowed myself to stop living and when I saw you again, I convinced myself I didn't want to live because how could I live if I couldn't have you? If I couldn't protect you?" 
"And now?" I ask him and he chuckles.
"We protect each other. I rely on you and you rely on me and together we protect what's ours." He says simply, as if it is the easiest answer he could ever devise.
I can't help but bite back a smile as I slide my hand up his cheek and lift on my toes slightly to press a soft kiss to his lips.
"Okay," I tell him, nodding my head. "I think I can live with that."
"Well, you damn well better KNOW you can live with that, because that is what it is. I choose you every day and not just because you are my mate, but because you are my everything." Hayes presses his forehead to mine, inhaling deeply.
"I love you, Kyra. every day, I will choose you and everyday we will grow stronger and more in love. And our babies, Tiago and the ten more we are going to have, will be so loved."
"Oh, wow!" I laugh, pulling back to see his mischievous grin. "Ten? Really, do I have any say in that?" He shrugs, dipping his head down as he nuzzles my neck.
"Well, we can do the work like we are trying for ten. Does that seem fair enough?" He murmurs against my skin, sending a shiver of delight up my spine.
"I suppose that works for me." I rasp out as his lips tease my mate mark.
"Let's practice real quick, then we can leave..." he murmurs, pressing his hip into me as I stumble back into the dresser.
"You are very convincing..." I breathe, closing my eyes as I arch my back toward him, my body already waiting and needing him.
###Chapter 200
**Epilogue 16 years later**
* KYRA*
"Mom!" Tiago groans, annoyed, as he pushes my hand away and rolls his eyes. I smile at him softly, shaking my head at him.
"You had ash on your shoulder." I tell him, and he frowns.
"Because I was practicing with Dylan again," he says in true teenage form.
"Okay, okay!" I put my hands up in fake defense, stepping away. "I will back off."
"Sorry," He mutters as he drags a hand down his perfect olive skin tone. "I'm just...do I have to go? Can't I stay here a few more years?"
My heart breaks as I bite my lip, trying to keep the tears from spilling from my eyes. It's been a solid week of sobbing since Teiran sent word that he wanted Tiago ready to come back and that he wanted Hayes and me to accompany as proxy of the Lycan kingdom. But we won't be going for a few more days, as Tieran wants time alone with his brother.
"You love visiting Teiran," I remind him. "And besides, it's not like you can't just fly back when you miss me and dad and want a hug."
"It's not you and dad I'd be coming back to visit," he teases and I scoff at him.
"Seriously? You'll come back to hang out with your cousins, but your dad and I are chopped liver?" "Please, it's not them he will be missing. It's this little princess." Hayes says, entering the room holding Claire, our redheaded, green eyed, four-year-old monster. Tiago's eyes light up and he brushes past me with a smirk as he rushes over and puts his arms out for her.
"There's my baby sister!" he grins, tossing her up as she giggles and holds onto him tight.
"Wow. I see your whole 'I have no favorites' was a straight up lie," Zeke frowns, leaning in the doorway. Tiago shakes his head and looks at his fifteen-year-old brother and then he walks over and ruffles his hair. "She is the princess," Tiago reminds Zeke, who rolls his eyes. "Yeah, yeah I know."
"Tiago, you have everything you need, right?" Hayes asks, admiring our three kids as they turn their attention to him.
"Yeah," He nods.
"When will you be back?" Zeke asks, looking away as he tries to hide the disappointment on his face. "As soon as I can get away to come visit." He responds. Then he drops a kiss on Claire's freckled cheek and sets her down.
"Can you stay longer?" Claire asks in her little high-pitched toddler voice, her eyes wide as tears stream down her face.
"Not this time, firefly," he says, squatting down and tugging at her little strands of hair. "But I promise to visit a lot, okay?"
"Can you bring me a present too?" She whispers, and I exhale.
"Oh, of course I will." He tells her before he stands and straightens his jacket.
"Okay, well, since I'm not flying this time, I really have to get a move on."
"I'll walk you to the door." I offer, moving over to him as I hook my arm in the crook of his elbow. He looks down at me, his height now a good four inches higher than my own. "You know, to avoid the woods to the northeast?"
"Yes mother, I remember. Uncle Merikh has spoken to me about the witches and the magical contract that is in place. No dragon enters their territory and they don't use their magic to harm or possess anyone. I've been told about it for over the last twelve years, since I was old enough to understand."
I nod, knowing he tires of these same old questions, but what he doesn't know is just how scared I am for him. Tiago, a dragon and creature of chaos, somehow turned out to be the sweetest, most compassionate person I have ever met. What if something breaks him? What if he loses sight of who he is, truly, and now WHAT he is?
"Sorry," I whisper, swiping at a tear as I chuckle. "Ugh, I'm such a mess. My first baby is leaving me." He reaches out, placing his hand over mine, and gives it a gentle squeeze.
"Mom, I'm never far, and I promise I will be around more than enough to drive you crazy."
"Maybe I can convince Teiran to let you stay with us longer..." I say hopefully, knowing full well that is not a possibility.
Teiran was ready to give over the throne when Tiago was twelve. He has often said he can't understand why Tiago is taking so long to grow up and hit the median age so he can take over the throne. Hayes has always been adamant it is because Tiago had Dylan and Harmony and he subconsciously wanted to grow up with them.
Though I'm not certain there aren't parts of him that aren't bits of Giselle, the phoenix who mothered him. He has always had that need to be approved of, the constant want and need for validation and love. I feel getting that from us and kids his own age is what led to him wanting the normal life we could provide him. "Mom," He says, slowing down as he turns to face me. "I know I act hesitant, but I think I am ready to learn, and with Teiran finally settling down with Flora as a chosen mate, it's nice to give him that chance." I look up at him with pride, this young man before me so filled with conviction and goodness. I reach out to pat my hand over his heart.
"Tiago, you are such a blessing in our life. Thank you for choosing us." I say the words, a hoarse whisper as the tears well up again in my eyes. "Being your mom is the best thing that ever happened to me, to us." He tilts his head, his brows furrowing.
"Mom, you chose me just as much as I chose you. I was an infant. Imprinting on you was life or death for me, but you loving me from the moment you saw me? That was braver than anything I could do." Then he reaches out and dries my tears with the sleeve of his coat. "Thank you for loving me enough to be my mother."
I cover my mouth as I nod and sob, wrapping my arms around him as he laughs.
"Ma," he whines. "I have to go and you are getting my coat all wet."
"Oh stop complaining, it's not like you will get cold," I tease him.
He grins as he walks off, out the doors and away from me. I stand there until he is long out of sight and arms wrap around me from behind. Hayes' chin rests on my shoulder as he tugs me to his chest and sighs heavily.
"That boy of ours is going to do great things." He says with such sincerity I can't help but melt into him and smile.
"He sure is," Merikh says, walking toward us with his hands in his pocket. "And with that bond between Dylan, Harmony and him, I dare say we will be entering a long-standing era of peace at long last." Hayes chuckles and lifts his head.
"Even with the vampires?" He asks, and Merikh nods.
“I let go of what happened in the past years ago, Hayes. Vampires may be creepy, lurking in the dark and all that, but I dare say the fear they have of us and the others will keep them in line. No more committees, just leaders coming tégether to keep the peace." He
ve
sighs in content. 
"About damn time." Hayes says.
"It's not like we haven't had peace all these years." I remind them and spin to look at Hayes and Merikh. "Quiet and peace aren't the same thing. We have had quiet, not peace, not yet. That is what comes after the fear subsides and the pain of the past becomes a distant ache." Hayes says.
Merikh lets out a bark of laughter and shakes his head.
"Well, at least in all these years, we
got you back where you were before, brother." Then he shakes his head his eyes growing dark before he clears his throat. "Uh, excuse me, it seems the Luna needs my help, urgently." 
And then he turns and rushes off. Hayes looks worried, taking two steps forward before I grab his wrist and tug him back.
"Not the kind of help that requires you, my love. I feel like it's a mate only type thing." I laugh and he arches a brow.
"Oh." He mutters, then yanks me to him. A look of concern over his face. "How are you holding up?" I shrug, "As well as I can. Our first baby just left us."
"He didn't leave us," He says, stroking my cheek. "Tiago is just living his life now."
"So what do we do now, then?" I ask, my chest aching as I think about not seeing my baby boy every day. No making him breakfast or watching him race around with his siblings. "I am going to miss him so much." "Then we miss him together, with Zeke and Claire, and we relish the times we get to spend with him moving forward. He isn't gone forever, he is just moving to the mountain." Hayes reminds me.
"I know, but it feels so far." I murmur. Hayes tucks me to his chest tightly as I inhale his scent, using it to calm my hurting heart.
"Mom," Tiago's voice echoes behind me and I whip around, tears on my face as he looks at us. "Dad," Hayes opens his arms wide as Tiago runs to us like he always did as a child. We wrap him up in our embrace as he whimpers into my shoulder.
"Oh, kiddo, we will miss you so much," Hayes says, his voice hoarse as he fights his own tears. "But it is time for you to show everyone how amazing you are. Okay?"
"Okay," Tiago mumbles to us before he steps back and clears his throat. "I just wanted you to know I love you guys,"
"We love you, too." Hayes says, gripping his shoulder before Tiago grins and nods, and disappears finally. "We did a good job, didn't we?" Hayes asks, sounding like he doubts himself.
"We did." I tell him with sincerity. "We did such a good job, with all of them."
"I love you." He says with a genuine smile. "You are the best thing to ever happen to me."
"I know." I smirk at him. And he grins.
"Ah, that is where Claire gets that sass from," he says, taking two steps back from me.
"Oh, excuse me?" I balk at him and he continues to back away.
"You know I think Merikh is calling me and Thatcher for some beta things..." he rushes out before I lunge
at him and he dodges me to the side.
"Oh, no you don't," I hiss in jest, "Don't you dare think I am letting you off easy either."
A brilliant smile takes over his face, dimples popping out through the scar on his cheek.
"When have you ever let me off easy?" He arches a brow.
"You better run, Hayes. Because I will catch you." He leans forward, taunting me.
"How about you come find me instead? Hint: I will be in the bedroom." Then he winks and sprints off.
It's strange how your heart can ache
l.ne
in two ways at once. My life is so different than I ever imagined it, so much heartache and pain, but somehow, love and letting go seems to be the trick to always finding that happiness. 
And I am so damn happy with this Beta and our imperfect little life.
