###Take 1
Judy’s POV
Today was supposed to be the day my fated mate and I got engaged. But now I’m watching him kiss another woman. Marrying her could make him the future Alpha because she’s the daughter of Gavin Landry, the most powerful Lycan chairman in the world.
A couple of months ago, our Alpha died during a battle and now all the candidates are competing for that position, including my mate, Ethan.
Everyone knows the Lycan’s control the werewolf population. And Gavin? He could singlehandedly appoint everyone the new Alpha.
So, Ethan made his choice.
Her, not me.
“Get me a whiskey and a martini for the lady,” A deep voice sounded from nearby. “Is it the future bride, or the future groom that’s got you in a mood?”
“I’m just not into parties,” I decided to say.
“Nor am I,” he murmured. “I’m here out of obligation.”
The bartender placed my drink in front of me and I immediately took a sip, sighing in contentment. I waited for the alcohol to do its job and finish numbing the pain.
Every time Ethan kissed her it killed me a little more.
How had my life taken such a devastating turn? How could my fated mate do this to me? Did our 2 years together truly mean nothing? Did the mark on my neck mean that little to him?
“Thank you for the drink,” I told the man.
I took one last sip of my martini and started to get down from the stool, except my blouse snagged on the corner of the counter and just as I heard a tearing sound, I began to fall to the ground. I closed my eyes, bracing myself for the impact, but it never came.
Instead, I felt strong arms wrapping around my body, lifting me into the air. I opened my eyes and peeked up at the man who caught me, and my breath hitched.
He was so handsome.
He held me with ease as if I weighed nothing and I could tell from the feeling of his arms around me that he was muscular. He smiled down at me and a dimple appeared on his right cheek.
I wanted to lick that dimple.
“Madam, are you falling for me?” He asked teasingly.
I stared at him for a heartbeat longer before I squinted my eyes at him, seeing what he did there.
“You’re a funny one, aren’t you?”
He grinned. Then he looked at my shirt and immediately frowned.
“Let me take you to my suite upstairs,” he said, making my heart skip a beat.
“What?” I said in barely a whisper.
His eyes met mine and I got lost in their beauty for a moment.
Goddess, his good looks were sinful.
“Your shirt is ripped. I have one you can wear upstairs in my VIP suite,” he explained.
I blinked a couple of times and gave a nervous chuckle.
“Oh, alright. Thank you,” I managed to sputter.
He turned to the bartender.
“Charge our drinks to my suite,” he ordered.
“Yes, sir.”
I allowed the man to carry me out of the room.
His arms were so warm that I found myself resting my head against his broad chest, breathing in his minty scent. My wolf was practically purring in my mind. She’d been quiet for most of the evening while she licked the wounds the broken mate bond had caused. But right now, it was as if she had forgotten she was heartbroken.
“Take off your shirt,” he ordered once we were in the suite. He had released me and was walking to the closet.
“Excuse me?” I squeaked.
“So, you can put on a new shirt,” he explained.
“Right,” I breathed.
I lifted my ripped shirt over my head and threw it onto the bed, leaving me in only my bra from the waist up. Once he found a shirt, he turned around to face me, and his entire body froze as his eyes trailed down my body. I was too busy checking him out to notice him staring at me but the longer I stared at him, the more I started to recognize him.
Then, realization struck me, and I gasped.
“It’s you…” I breathed, taking a step back.
His eyes shifted upward and met mine; his brow arched.
“You know me?” He asked.
“I know of you,” I clarified.
The corner of his lips tipped upward as he walked towards me, slowly, as if he were stalking his prey. I could practically hear the sounds of my heartbeat.
“And what do you know of me?”
“Only what I’ve heard…” I admitted.
“And what have you heard?”
“You’re Gavin Landry, Lycan Chairman. You’re a playboy. You have a new woman each week and you never sleep with the same woman twice.”
He raised his brows.
“Is that so?” He asked. “Tell me more about myself.”
Hell, he’s the father of the bride and Ethan’s future father-in-law? I’m confused, I don’t know what I should do. But I’m not surprised I didn’t recognize him at first. The Lycan family isn’t high profile, they’re more used to staying behind the scenes than becoming politicians and celebrities like werewolf Alpha.
Should I tell him who I am? But that would be stupid at this moment.
He continued to walk towards me, and I continued to walk backward until my back hit the wall.
“What more do you want to know?” I asked, my voice coming out breathy.
“Everything.”
I’m not sure if it was the martini speaking or me, but I decided to be bold. If Ethan can indulge himself in someone new, then so could I.
I lifted my gaze to meet his as he neared closer.
“Your eyes…” I started to say. “I’ve heard that they were mesmerizing, and I must agree.”
“What else?”
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“When you smile, you have this adorable dimple on your cheek…” I whispered.
He was only inches from me now, staring so intently at me that I thought I would burn up under his scrutiny.
He licked his lips, drawing my attention to his mouth.
“And your lips…”
Before I could finish that sentence, his mouth crashed into mine. His kiss was anything but soft and sweet but filled with hunger and possession. I kissed him with just as much eagerness. His tongue made its way between my lips, tasting every inch of me. He lifted me into the air, my body pinned between the wall and him. Instinctively I wrapped my legs around his waist and allowed him to deepen the kiss.
His lips trailed down the nape of my neck and warmth spread across my body as I felt him sucking on my soft flesh.
All self-control and common sense left my mind the moment his lips touched mine. All I could think about was Gavin; he consumed my mind, body, and soul entirely. I pulled at his tie, wanting to take it and his shirt off. He helped me undo his tie and then lifted his shirt over his head, tossing it to the ground.
I let my fingers explore his body; they roamed over his abs and up his broad shoulders.
I moaned into his mouth as his lips found mine again.
“Are you sure you want this?” He asked between kisses.
“Yes,” I rasped out. “We are both willing adults, so why not?”
His lips were on mine again and just as he was about to take off my bra, I received a tearful mindlink from my adoptive mother.
“Judy! Please, come home!” She sounded panicked; my mother never panicked.
Hearing her voice was like cold water being dumped on my head and I gasped. I let my legs fall from around him and I pressed against his chest.
“Stop,” I said breathlessly. “I have to go.”
He frowned.
“I don’t have much patience; stop joking,” he says, a hint of anger in his tone.
“I’m so sorry. But I’m sure you have plenty of other options,” I said and started to run towards the door, but he grabbed my arm, stopping me.
I whirl around to face him, my own anger rushing to the surface but before I can say anything, he points to the bed.
“Your shirt is ripped, remember?”
I looked down at my bra with a frown.
“Oh…”
He sighed, grabbing his shirt and putting it over my head.
I inhaled deeply and warmth spread throughout my body; it smelled like him.
……
The moment I stepped into the house; I could hear my mother sobbing.
“Judy?” My mother sobbed; I could hear that she was in the kitchen and my heart stuttered at the sound of her broken voice. “Your father was taken away by the Gammas tonight.”
###Take 2
udy’s POV
My heart fell into my stomach. “What?!” I gasped.
We lived in a decent-sized house; my adoptive father, being a successful businessman and a Delta of the Redmoon pack, had a lot of money.
“He was arrested,” she explained. “He made a bad investment for the company, and he ended up losing all the money. He went completely bankrupt and now he owes the pack so much money. Until he pays it, they put him in jail.”
“They can’t just come and take him away like this,” I said, standing to my feet, hardly able to contain my emotions. “Without any warning? That’s not fair!”
“They can do whatever they want. The Beta is under the jurisdiction of the Lycans, and it was his decision. Loan sharks are ruthless, and nobody wishes to deal with them. It’s easier to just get rid of the problem and right now… your father is the problem.”
Before I could say anything more, my phone started to ring. I reached into my bag and pulled it out. I frowned when I saw the name flash across the screen.
“I heard about your father,” Ethan’s voice was soft as he spoke, and my traitorous heart skipped a beat. I hated how my body responded to him still; it was because of this stupid mate bond. Even though he rejected me, and I accepted it, that didn’t mean it severed our bond. It won’t be severed until he marks someone else.“I might have a suggestion though. But I’d like to tell you in person. Come outside.”
I quickly left the kitchen and walked out of the house. Ethan was leaning against his car with his arms folded across his chest.
Goddess, I hated how good he looked.
I had been in love with him for longer than 2 years. He was my friend, my confidant, my fated mate. When he rejected me, it destroyed everything I had dreamt of.
I wrapped my arms around my body, desperately trying to hold myself together.
“Why are you here?” I asked him after a long and awkward silence.
“I wanted to talk to you,” he replied.
“Why?”
The corner of his lips tipped upwards as he stared at me; I nearly melted under his scrutiny, and I had to shift my gaze to look at the ground.
“Because I can help you,” he answered. “Your father’s funding chain is broken, and he now owes a lot of money. I know for a fact that he doesn’t have that kind of money, especially now that his business has gone under. But I do.”
I lifted my gaze to meet him; he was serious.
“Are you saying you’d pay my father’s debt?” I asked him.
He nodded.
“Yes,” he answered.
“And what would we have to do in return?” I asked, almost afraid to ask.
He smirked, which gave me an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach.
“There is a condition,” he confessed. I waited silently for him to continue, my eyes never leaving his. “After I get married, I want you to drop out of school and become my mistress.”
I couldn’t have heard him correctly; I stared at him with my jaw practically on the ground.
“Excuse me?” I managed to sputter. “You want me to what”
“Drop out of school and become my mistress. I already have a luxurious home for you to live in. You would never have to want for anything. I’ll pay off your father’s debt and give you more money than you could dream of.”
“How… how could you ask me to do such a thing?” I asked in a choked whisper; tears threatened to spill from my eyes, but I kept them away, not wanting him to see my break.
He stepped closer to me, and I felt rooted to the ground, unable to move away. My wolf was whimpering about his request; she couldn’t believe our mate could ask such a thing from us. She was gutted and I hated that she was put in this position.
“Because we’ve always been so good together, Judy,” he said, reaching out and touching my arm gently. “We will always have this strong connection, even if I mark someone else. You and your family would be set for life… all you have to do is say yes…”
He was rubbing his fingers up and down my arms and I felt sick to my stomach. I finally found the strength to step away from him, my body trembling.
“No,” I said, meeting his eyes. “I would never become your mistress.”
His eyes darkened.
“I’m about to become the Alpha, Judy. You must get with the times. Becoming my mistress would only benefit you and plus, don’t you want your father out of jail?”
“I will find another way,” I said through my teeth. “If that’s all you came here to say, then I’ve heard enough. You can leave.”
He raised his brows as he stared at me. He studied me for a moment longer like he expected me to change his mind at any moment.
“You’ll change your mind,” he told me as he stepped away from me and towards his car. “And when you do, I’ll be here. But until then, your father will remain in prison.”
“I’ll figure it out,” I said to his retreating back. “We don’t need you, Ethan!”
He chuckled as he opened his car door and then he turned back to gaze into my eyes.
“In order to get him out of prison, you’ll need at least 5 million dollars. When you realize that there’s no other option, you’ll come to your senses. I’m sure of it.”
Without another word, he got into his car. I watched as he drove away, disappearing into the night.
It was only when he disappeared that I allowed myself to fall to the ground. Tears streamed down my cheeks before I could stop them.
5 million dollars?
How was I going to come up with that kind of money?
I had two classes this morning and one later in the afternoon. My first class was warrior training, and my second class was shifting, both of which I excelled at. I was going to college for Gamma training so that once I graduated, I could prove myself to the Gamma force and become a warrior. Then I would easily be able to pay off my father’s debt and save my family.
“You look like hell,” my best friend, Nan, pointed out as I sat beside her against the large Oaktree; the very tree we always met up at.
“It was a rough night,” I admitted as I took out my textbook to study.
“Where did you go last night? When I returned, you were gone. Did you leave early because of the engagement party?”
I bit my lower lip as I thought about what to say to her. If I lied, she’d be able to see right through me. I was a terrible liar initially, but Nan could read me like a book.
“I ripped my shirt, and someone brought me into his room to change,” I said, feeling my cheeks growing warm at the memory.
She raised her brows, and I could barely look at her.
“You went to someone’s room?” She asked. “Whose?”
I was quiet for a moment, and she grabbed my arm, getting my attention.
“Judy, who did you leave with?” She asked, now her voice was filled with alarm.
I knew there was no getting out of this conversation. I bit my lip and peeked up at her through my lashes.
“Gavin Landry,” I squeaked.
###Take 3
Judy’s POV
“Shut up!” She gasped. “Are you serious You went to Gavin Landry’s VIP suite? As in THE Gavin Landry?!”
I nearly tackled her; she was being so loud!
“Keep your voice down!” I scolded, attempting to cover her mouth with my hands but she was too quick and dodged me.
“How can I possibly keep it down when my best friend went to Gavin Landry’s hotel room last night and waited until now to tell me!” She exclaimed.
Nan was a waitress at the hotel restaurant the engagement party was at last night. The hotel, called Carter Resorts, was in the human territory, and it was owned by Patrick Carter, the Delta of the Silver Crescent pack. Which happened to be Gavin Landry’s pack.
I wasn’t surprised to see Gavin there last night, especially considering his daughter was the bride-to-be. I was less surprised to see that he had a VIP suite at the hotel.
I sighed.
“It all happened so fast, and I had a bit too much to drink,” I admitted. “I all but forgot when I got home because other stuff happened.”
I wrapped my arms around my body and looked up at her concerned eyes.
“What else happened?” She asked, her voice dropping to a whisper.
I took a deep breath, and I told Nan everything that happened, right up until Ethan came over and asked me to be his mistress in exchange for him paying off my father’s debt. By the time I finished talking, Nan’s jaw had dropped.
“The nerve of that asshole!” She hissed. “How dare he! He rejected you and now he wants you to be his little whore?! He has zero shame.”
“I’m not sure what I’m going to do, Nan,” I whispered. “There’s no way I could come up with 5 million dollars to pay off my father’s debt.”
We both fell silent as our thoughts consumed us and then her face lit up. I knew that look well and it grew nervous as a smile spread across her face. I knew right away that she had an idea, and I also knew that I wasn’t going to like it.
“You said that he gave you his shirt to wear?” She asked.
I nodded.
She gasped and grabbed my arm.
“Isn’t it obvious, Judy? Gavin is into you. That’s the only reason he’d give you his shirt. He wanted his scent on you! He’s very picky. In all my time as a waitress, you’re the first woman he’s ever offered.”
I gawked at her. She had officially lost her mind.
“Gavin’s not into me,” I said, shaking my head. “He gave me his shirt because mine ripped. There was nothing to it.”
“Why would he even care?” Nan asked, folding her arms across her chest. “He’s Gavin Landry and doesn’t need to care about any of this. Besides, you mentioned that he kissed you heatedly. You were ready to go all the way with him, which is huge because you were planning on waiting until after you were married. There had to be some kind of connection last night.”
I glanced at my hands.
“Or maybe I was just hurting and wanted to get back at Ethan,” I murmured. “Plus, I had a little too much to drink.”
“Drunk actions are sober thoughts or something like that,” she said, waving away my words. Then, she smirked. “You could use this to your advantage. Do you still have that lingerie you bought for your wedding night? You should pay Gavin a little visit and make him an offer he can’t refuse.”
___
I knew it was a bad idea the moment she spoke the words, but her words continued to replay in my mind for the remainder of the day and night. When I woke up the next morning, my mind was made up.
I went to my closet and grabbed my red lingerie. I had only tried it on once and I felt a little self-conscious wearing it, but I knew the night of my wedding when I finally gave myself over to Ethan fully, it wouldn’t matter what I was wearing. My heart ached at the thought, and I quickly brushed it out of my head before I started to cry again.
I dressed in the lingerie, and I grabbed a long trench coat, wrapping it around my body. I left my hair down and I put on a little makeup to make my features pop.
For the last day or so, my mother had either been speaking on the phone to lawyers, visiting my father in prison, or in her room. I had barely seen or spoken to her since I told her Ethan wasn’t going to help us. I hated knowing I disappointed her, but hopefully, this would fix all our problems.
It was no secret where Gavin’s office was; everybody knew the famous Gavin Landry Corporation. When I walked through the front door, the receptionist was typing on her computer.
She barely spared me a look as I approached the desk.
“Good morning, I’m here to see Gavin Landry,” I said as politely as I could.
The receptionist looked upward at me and blinked a couple of times, looking less than amused.
“Do you have an appointment?”
“Uh, no, but—”
“Look, I don’t have time for this. Countless women come in here and request to speak with Gavin and I’m going to tell you what I tell them. Mr. Landry is incredibly busy, and he doesn’t have time or patience to be dealing with another fan girl,” she said bitterly.
“And what gives you the right to turn away those who come to see me?” A deep voice boomed.
###Take 4
Judy’s POV
“Mr. Landry,” the receptionist said, quickly standing to her feet. She suddenly seemed disheveled, and I wanted to smirk with satisfaction, but I kept it held in.
“I asked you a question, Laura,” he said, narrowing his eyes at her. “What gives you the right to send away guests? You know the protocol. You are to call my office, and I am the one who decides whether or not I will see them or not. Not you.”
She swallowed and glanced at the ground as if staring directly at him physically hurt her.
“Come with me.”
It took me a second to realize he was speaking to me, but when I saw the receptionist glaring at me and Gavin’s retreating back, I nearly stumbled over my feet to catch up to him. He walked through a luxurious waiting room until we reached a glass elevator.
It was very high-tech with a touch screen attached to it. He brought up a keypad and typed in some sequence before pressing the floor number.
He stood so close to me that the elevator felt almost cramped, despite it being a wide space. I could smell his incredible minty scent, mixed in with his aftershave and my heart skipped a beat.
He didn’t bother looking at me though and I was starting to doubt this plan would work. Maybe he didn’t like me as much as I thought he did. I felt awkward knowing that under this coat was nothing but lingerie.
The elevator came to a halt and the doors opened. It was an extremely large space with marble flooring and granite walls.
“Where exactly is your office?” I asked, staring around the gorgeous area.
He glanced at me; his face kept indifferent.
“This is my office.”
My eyes grew large at his words. He continued walking until he rounded the corner and sure enough, there was his desk right in front of large windows that overlooked the human city. It was gorgeous and my stomach twisted with nerves.
He didn’t bother sitting on his desk chair. Instead, he turned to face me, leaning against his desk and folding his arms across his chest. I swallowed the lump in my throat as I took him in. He wore a white dress shirt with sleeves rolled up halfway, showing off his incredible muscles and his dark dress pants hugged his waist perfectly, showcasing his incredible form.
My wolf purred with satisfaction, and I found myself staring at him for way longer than I intended to.
He cleared his throat, making me nearly jump out of my skin as my gaze shot upward and met his. He was smirking at me, as if to say, “Caught you.”
My cheeks burned from the embarrassment I felt.
“So, what did you come here for?” He asked, breaking the tension between us.
Oh. Right. The reason I’m here.
“I have a problem, and I need your help,” I said in a rush.
He raised his right brow.
“What kind of problem?”
I cleared my throat before continuing.
“My father was arrested the other night,” I blurted. “His business went bankrupt, and he owes a lot of money. Roughly 5 million dollars.”
He was silent as he stared at me; I realized he was waiting for me to continue. Probably wanted to know how I needed his help.
“I was hoping you’d be able to help him and maybe pay the debt for my father so he could get out of prison?” I asked, biting my lip.
He was quiet for another moment, processing my request before he ran his hands over his face.
“And what would I get in return for helping your family?” He asked.
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
Confidence: I needed confidence.
I held my head up high and looked him right in the eyes. It was known as a challenge to look an Alpha directly in the eyes, even worse so looking a Lycan directly in the eyes. But Gavin wasn’t as angry as I thought he would be, instead, he looked intrigued.
“Well,” I began, I dropped my voice low as I stepped closer to him. “At the party the other day, we obviously had a connection…” I felt my cheeks growing hot as I spoke those words. “And I thought maybe…”
I took a deep breath and undid my coat, revealing a portion of my lingerie, but not all of it. Not yet at least. His eyes darkened as he gazed over my body, and I nearly melted under his scrutiny.
I suddenly had a surge of confidence, and I reached my hand out to touch his arm.
“I thought maybe I could do some favors for you in return,” I said in a sultry voice. “I’m a college student and very clean. I haven’t had sex before, but I’m on birth control, so you don’t need to worry about anything.”
His breathing grew heavy as he straightened his posture, closing the small gap between us. His nearness was intoxicating, and my heart started to race against my chest. His scent enveloped me, and I couldn’t remember the last time I felt this delirious.
He reached his hand up and I felt his fingers glide down my cheek, sending a wave of warmth throughout my whole body. We were so close together that I thought I was going to pass out from the heat that consumed me.
His eyes were dark like they were the night in the VIP suite.
He swallowed hard and I watched his Adam’s apple move slightly. I closed my eyes, preparing for him to kiss me. I could feel his breath on my lips and just as I leaned in close to him, getting ready for his embrace, it never came.
Instead, I felt him adjusting my coat, covering my body.
My eyes flew open, and I looked at his stern expression.
“Do you really think I need to pay a woman for sex?” He asked, breaking the silence. “You said it yourself that I have many options.”
My cheeks flushed immediately.
“I just thought—”
“You thought you could use your body to pay for my help,” he said, interrupting me. “You are still young, Miss Montague. You will regret taking such shortcuts in the future.”
How did he know my name? I hadn’t told him. Had he looked into me? My heart skipped a beat at the thought, but his words were slowly crushing me.
He didn’t want me.
I lowered my gaze, hating how hot my face was getting. I knew he could see just how embarrassed I was.
When he spoke next, he softened his voice and spoke with compassion.
“Look, I have a daughter,” he told me. “I would never teach her to use her body as a transaction. I want more for her and her future, and I expect better from her.”
He reached his hand and caressed the nape of my neck with his fingertips; my breath hitched as I gazed into his eyes.
“I expected better from you,” he added; my heart fell into my stomach and disappointment consumed me.
He was right. I was better than this.
I nodded my head and opened my mouth to speak, but I heard footsteps behind me. I turned to see a couple of security guards standing nearby and I whipped around to look at Gavin with wide eyes.
“I’m afraid my time is up, and my patience has run out,” Gavin said, looking at me briefly before glancing at the security guards. “Escort Miss Montague out of the building, please.”
“Yes sir,” they both said.
They stood on each side of me, and I stared at Gavin with shock. I didn’t fight or argue with the security guards as they told me to come with them.
“Thank you for your time,” I managed to say before I turned and left the office. I wanted to cry because of the shame, but I knew more importantly I needed a new job.
….
“I’m so excited we get to work together,” Nan said with a wide smile. “And you look great in that uniform.”
I looked down at my uniform. I felt ridiculous in this thing; it was a short skirt and a crop top that showed way too much cleavage. I felt like I was on display.
Especially at night when this place pretty much turned into a club. These men are wealthy and would tip generously. It was an opportunity I couldn’t pass up when I was struggling for money.
“That’s what friends are for,” she said, nudging my arm with hers.
She looked behind me and sighed.
“Looks like we are getting a group of guys. Good luck,” she said.
I sighed and turned to greet the customers but then I froze when I saw who was amongst them.
Ethan.
###Take 5
Judy’s POV
“You were right,” I heard one of his friends saying. “She does work here. This is going to be so good.”
“Hey, call girl, can we get a table, or are you just going to stare at us?”
Call girl?
I placed the menus on the table for them and waited for each of them to take a seat.
“I’m not a call girl. Please, take your seat.”
As I leaned over the table to put the beer in front of each of them, one of them grabbed my rear end. I felt my entire body freeze.
“I like this little uniform on you. How about you take it off and see what’s underneath.”
My entire body went hot as I stepped back from the table, forcing his hand to drop.
“Do not touch me,” I said loudly to each of them.
“Oh, come on, Judy. Aren’t you here to satisfy men?” Another of his friends asked. “So come here and satisfy us. Sit on my lap.”
I pressed my lips together.
“I’m not a call girl,” I told them for the final time. “I’m a waitress.”
“You got this job because you’re hot,” one of them chuckled. “The manager didn’t care about your skills. He cared about whether or not you could flirt with the customers and make him a lot of money. I’m willing to give you a good tip if you let me see what’s underneath your uniform and sit on my lap.”
I felt my blood going cold from his words.
“Come here baby girl,” he said, patting his lap and winking at me.
I just stared at him, disbelieving.
I looked at Ethan who was watching me, waiting to see what I would do. How could he just let his friends speak to me like this? At one point, he would have never allowed this. He would have punched anyone who looked at me with lust in their eyes.
Now, he was acting as if he didn’t care.
“I’ll give you 10 thousand dollars if you drink this entire beer,” one of his friends asked.
My mouth nearly fell open.
“What?” I asked.
“You heard me,” he answered. “Drink this whole beer and you’ll get 10 thousand dollars.”
“We’ll all give you 10 thousand dollars each if you drink all of our beers,” another one said.
I stared at the beer and then at the men. My eyes landed on Ethan once more; he raised his brows, waiting for my answer.
Swallowing my pride, I stepped towards the table and grabbed one of the glasses.
I really didn’t like beer, but money was money, and I knew Ethan’s friends were rich and could pay that kind of money easily. I needed the cash to get my father out of prison and pay off his debt.
I brought the cup to my lips and let the liquid run down my throat. I winced at the bitter taste, but I kept pushing myself until the cup was empty. His friends were cheering and chanting as I drank the contents of the cup.
I slammed the cup on the counter and looked at the next guy who slid his beer at me, winking as he did so.
I chugged his beer as well.
I only got halfway through the third glass when I felt a firm grip around my wrist and I was yanked away.
I heard Ethan’s friends booing and telling him he was a party pooper. I had no idea where Ethan was taking me; he was quiet until we reached outside and then he whipped around to glare at me.
“Accept my offer and stop this foolishness,” he ordered.
“I won’t be your mistress, Ethan,” I told him, narrowing my eyes, my head fuzzy from the beer. “You can forget about that.”
“You’d rather act like a little slut instead?” He asked through his teeth. “You looked ridiculous in there!”
“Why do you care? You have your fiancé. This is my private business, and my private business no longer includes you.”
“You are still mine, Judy. You will always be mine,” he growled.
I wanted to laugh at his ridiculousness, but I also wanted to cry. He was so sweet at one point; I spent more than 2 years loving this man. Now as he stood before me, I realized he was a stranger.
“I am not yours,” I told him, glad that my voice came out stronger than I felt.
He let out a bitter laugh.
“Fine, be a whore for all I care,” he growled. “Spread your legs for money because that’s all you’re good for—”
Before I could stop myself, my hand swung and made contact with his cheek, causing a loud slap.
He didn’t flinch but he did grow angrier as he went to grab my throat. He froze though when he looked at my neck and I watched the color draining from his face.
“What the fuck,” he hissed. He grabbed my chin and yanked my head to the side. “Is that a hickey?”
I realized when getting dressed this morning that the hickey Gavin left on me the other night was still there. It was fading, but visible.
“So, what if it is?” I asked.
He released my chin and glared at me, his gaze icy.
“Who the hell have you been with?”
“That’s not your concern,” I retorted.
I turned to walk away, but he gripped my arm, making me whimper in pain as he whipped me around to face him again.
“Answer my goddamn question, Judy! Who have you been with?!”
Through gritted teeth, I answered, “Gavin. Your future father-in-law. Happy now?”
He released me and let out a bark of laughter.
“Are you kidding me? You don’t have to make up such a ridiculous story,” Ethan said through a fit of laughter.
I heard more laughter from nearby and I realized Ethan’s friends were crowding around.
“Is she talking about Gavin Landry? He has standards. He would never go for a girl like, Judy.”
“Yeah, Judy is a slut and Gavin is a Lycan chairman. There’s no way,” another friend laughed.
“I’m being serious,” I told them, folding my arms across my chest.
This time Ethan did grab my throat, and his gaze turned almost deadly.
“Stop playing me for a fool and tell me the truth,” he growled. “Gavin would never want someone like you. You are nobody. You don’t fit into his world. ”
I couldn’t breathe as his hands tightened around my throat, so I couldn’t respond.
“Now, how about you do as I say and move into the house I bought? Once I get married, I’ll see you frequently at night and you can spread your pretty little legs for me only—”
There was a loud honk from nearby, making Ethan drop his hold around my neck. I coughed and rubbed my sore neck as he glared at the person interrupting us.
I glanced at the black Bently and frowned when the door opened.
I gasped when I saw Gavin seated in the back, his eyes on me.
“Get in,” he ordered.
I stared at him, disbelieving.
“I won’t ask you again, Judy,” he said through his teeth.
I felt Ethan’s shocked eyes on me as I quickly hurried towards the car and got in, closing the door behind me.
“Drive,” he ordered the driver.
“Yes, sir.”
The car started to move; Ethan stood on the curb; his mouth nearly dropped. His friends were equally shocked.
Gavin glanced at me, and I felt my cheeks redden.
“Using me to make your ex-fiancé jealous, are you?”
Continue to read this book for free
###Take 6
Chapter 0006
Judy’s POV
I snapped a look at Gavin, shocked that he knew Ethan was my ex–fiancé. He really has done his research on me. Initially, I thought he just looked up my name, but he knew more information than I was prepared for.
“How did you know that he was my ex–fiancé?” |
“There’s very little I don’t know,” he answered casually. “Like the fact that Ethan, who is my daughter’s current fiancé, was your fated mate.”
I took a sharp breath from his bold statement and felt my cheeks warming.
“Am I wrong?” He then asked; telling from his tone, I knew that he knew he wasn’t wrong. I shook my head and looked away from him; unable to hide the embarrassment off my face. This was the one thing I didn’t want him to know about. “Regardless of what happened in the past, Irene and Ethan are to be married soon. and I hope everything goes smoothly for her sake.”
I bit my lip, not wanting to discuss this any further. I hope he will get the hint based on my silence.
I kept my gaze out the window and my frown deepened when we reached the borders. of my pack. I hadn’t told him where I lived, but the driver was heading in the direction of my parents‘ house. My heart hammered against my chest; was there anything this man didn’t find out?
I found myself looking at him; he was staring out the window, his eyes fixated on the sight before him. His strong jawline looked tense, and his full lips were pressed in a thin line. Memories of the other night invaded my mind, and I thought about how his lips felt against mine. The sweetness and the softness of them, yet he kissed me with so much passion and desire.
I licked my lips at the memory.
Instinctively, my fingers reached up to the nape of my neck and touched the spot where he sucked and kissed. The hickey that Ethan had seen and lost his temper over. My face warmed from the marking Gavin left on my flesh.
“If you are done staring at me, you can get out now,” Gavin’s voice broke me from my thoughts.
I blinked a few times and looked out the window; I realized we were outside of my
ww
+25 BONUS
Chapter 0006
parents‘ house.
“Oh,” I breathed, unsure what to say having been caught staring at him. I was embarrassed, and I just wanted to get away from him as fast as I could.
I quickly unfastened my seatbelt and shouldered my purse before opening the car door.
“Uh, thank you for the ride,” I told him lamely.
He gave me a curt nod. As I slid out of the car, I felt his hand wrap around my wrist, halting me.
“Judy,” he said, his voice filled with authority. The sound of my name on his lips made warm chills course through my body. I paused and met his gaze, holding my breath as I did so.
“Yes?” I asked, my voice coming out almost breathy.
His grip loosened around my wrist as he said, “We won’t be meeting again; understood?‘
And just like that, it felt like someone stabbed me in the chest. I was stunned by his remark and hurt. I swallowed the lump in my throat and gave him a curt nod.
“Understood,” I managed to whisper.
He released my wrist, and I immediately felt cold from the lack of contact. It was a strange feeling to have considering we only made out once and barely had a proper conversation, but I felt the absence of his touch as if I had just taken off a coat in the middle of a winter storm.
I didn’t say anything more as I got out of the car. The door shut after me and I could. no longer see Gavin behind the tinted windows, but I knew his eyes were on me. I turned and hurried towards the house, getting my keys out of my purse in the
process.
The lights were off, so I knew my mother was either sleeping, or she went out.
I unlocked the door and pushed it open, pausing when I felt Gavin’s gaze still on me. I realized the car was still in the front of the house. I turned back slightly and gave the car an awkward wave before stepping into the house, shutting the door behind
me.
A few seconds later, I heard the car driving off.
I let out the breath I didn’t know I was holding.
2/3
Chapter 0006
+25 BONUS
I went upstairs and into my room so I could change clothes; I was done with this uniform. I didn’t want to do a degrading job and lose my self–respect only to gain money. I was better than that. I needed to focus on my studies so that I could graduate and become a Gamma. I already sent a ton of applications elsewhere that could help me with my career goals.
Hopefully, I’ll hear back from them soon.
I took my phone out of my bag so I could text Nan that I made it home okay and to not expect me back at work anytime soon. There was no way I was going to return to that place after what happened tonight. I made a mental note to apologize to the manager as well.
Chapter 0007
###Take 7
ter 0007
But just as I was about to pull up Nan’s contact, a message appeared
Ifrowned when I saw Ethan’s name flashing on the top of the screen. Sighing when I read the words he sent me.
Ethan: How dare you leave with another man! You truly are a slut!!
I opened the message and gasped
Ethan: You’ll spread your legs for anyone for money. Have you always been this shameless?
Ethan: Maybe if I gave you money, you’d spread your legs for me in the 2 years I’ve wasted on you.
I flinched at his words; 2 years he’s wasted on me?
My wolf whimpered in pain from the cruelty of our mate, and tears immediately filled my eyes as I sat on my bed.
Then, another message popped up.
Ethan: He’s never going to care for you like I do! He hasn’t had a serious relationship in 20 years. You could never be anything to him besides a desperate slut. When you come to your senses, I’ll be here, waiting. Your father could be out of jail tomorrow if you take me up on my offer.
I pressed my lips together as tears ran down my cheeks. I was seconds away from throwing my phone across but then a new message appeared. I was relieved to see that this message was not from Ethan.
room,
Nan: Are you okay? You left so suddenly.
Me: Sorry, I don’t think I can do this job anymore. It’s too much and I feel gross. I hope you aren’t mad.
Nan: I’m not mad. I kind of figured you wouldn’t want to continue working here after today. You are better than this place. Did you leave with Ethan?
Me: No. I got a ride with someone else.
I wasn’t sure if I should tell her that Gavin was the one who dropped me off at home.
Nan: Who?
I didn’t want to lie to her, so I started to type in a response, but then she texted again.
Nan: Tell me later; we just got a huge rush of people.
I sighed and typed a quick response.
Me: Okay, talk soon.
I threw my phone at the end of my bed and rested my head on my pillow. I knew with certainty that it would be yet another restless night.
Third Person POV
Ethan stared in the direction that the car went; it was Gavin Landry, Irene’s father, and the man that Ethan so desperately wanted to impress. Yet, his mate just got into the car with him and drove off.
Did that just happen?” Ethan’s friend asked, equally shocked. None of them expected Judy to be telling the truth about getting together with Ethan’s future father–in–law. But her getting in that car casually was proof enough.
Chapter 0007
+25 BONUS
This was not supposed to happen; Judy was supposed to take Ethan up on his offer. That was the whole point of Ethan’s plan. He knew when he married Irene, he would lose Judy and the only way he could get Judy to stick around was to blackmail her using the only thing he could against her… her family.
Bankrupting her father’s company was easy considering he had connections everywhere. Ethan’s family was very well known and now that he was the candidate for becoming the Alpha of the Redmoon pack, he had even more connections.
He thought Judy would have jumped at the opportunity to save her family. But she was stubborn.
When Ethan found out Judy worked at this restaurant, he brought his friends along to scare her away from this job but that also didn’t work out as planned.
He pulled out his phone and made a call.
“Cut off all of Judy’s job opportunities. I don’t want her working anywhere around here,” he ordered into the phone.
“Are you sure? Miss Montague has quite a few applications around town,” the man on the other end stated. “They are pretty good positions too and her applications are flawless.”
“Get rid of them all,” Ethan.ordered. “She isn’t to get any of those jobs. Understood?”
‘But-
“I’ll pull my family’s sponsorship from your business and ruin you if you don’t do as I say!”
There was a moment of pause on the other end before he said, “Yes, sir.”
The call was cut off and a slow smile spread across Ethan’s lips. It won’t be long now before Judy grows so desperate that she crawls into his bed, begging to be his mistress.
Meanwhile, as Beta Taylor drove away from Judy’s house, He peered through the mirror at Gavin who was staring out the window with a tense expression. He had been quiet since dropping Judy off at her house. When they saw her arguing with Ethan outside of the restaurant, Gavin ordered his Beta to stop driving immediately and he did so. It was a strange reaction for someone who claims to not care for the girl.
“Why don’t you pursue her?” Taylor asked as he fixed his attention back on the road.
Gavin looked at him and furrowed his brows.
“What?”
Taylor smirked.
“I see the way you look at her, Alpha. You are clearly more interested in her than you have been with the others. So, why not pursue her?”
###Take 8
Chapter 0008
Third Person POV
“I don’t mix personal relationships with other matters,” Gavin replied as he sat back in his seat and continued to stare out the window. He didn’t want to continue this conversation. He had already made up his mind that he wasn’t to see Judy Montague again.
“Or are you just afraid,” Taylor asked, his tone teasing and a smirk playing on his lips.
Gavin scowled at his Beta.
“Taylor you’re fired,” he muttered.
This made Taylor laugh.
“And how many times have you fired me?” Taylor asked, still laughing and shaking his head.
“This week? More times than I can count. One of these days I’m going to mean it,” Gavin replied, rolling his eyes. “And you think that’s going to stop me from telling you my thoughts? We’ve known one another for a long time, Alpha What makes you think I’m going to keep quiet?”
“Just focus on driving, Beta,” Gavin said through his teeth.
Taylor was about to say something more, but then his phone rang, making him stop in the middle of his sentence. He pulled his phone out and pressed the talk button. A familiar voice sounded on Bluetooth.
“Butler Adam, you are on speaker phone. I have Alpha Gavin with me,” Taylor said.
Adam had been part of Gavin’s family for a long time and a trustworthy butler. Gavin personally put him in charge of caring for 7–year–old Matt while he was away. He didn’t usually call like this unless it was Matt–related. As soon as Gavin heard that it was Adam on the phone, he was immediately on high alert.
“Oh, good Alpha. I must speak with you about your son. Another tutor quit this evening,” Adam said, sounding a bit irritated.
“Another one?” Gavin asked, pressing his lips together.
That would be number 49. His tutors never lasted more than a few days. Matt wasn’t a bad kid, but Gavin knew he
was a bit troubled at times.
“Yes, sir. Master Matthew scared her off like he had the others. I’m not sure what more to do for him. I’ve tried speaking to him, but he only lashes out at me, Alpha.” 
“Widen the recruitment scope and increase the salary offers,” Gavin demanded. “Maybe a bit more money will keep them around longer.”
Adam sighed.
“Yes, Alpha. I’ll see what I can do,” he murmured before the line–disconnected.
Beta Taylor was quiet for a short while, stealing glances into the mirror periodically.
“Do you suppose he’s developing issues concerning his mother?” Taylor finally asked.
Gavin glared at him through the mirror.
“He doesn’t speak to his mother,” Gavin said bitterly. “No will he for quite a while if I have anything to say about it.“.
7/2
Chapter 0005
+25 BONUS
Judy’s POV
It’s been a disheartening couple of days. All my job applications kept getting rejected.
1 didn’t understand why I wasn’t getting any of these jobs. My application was flawless; I had a ton of experience from former jobs, not to mention a ton of education due to college. I was also young and in good shape. Yet I kept facing rejection after rejection.
Pulling out my phone, I decided to search the job boards. I applied to a few of these businesses already and most of them I hadn’t heard back from. Then, something new appeared and my brows raised.
It was posted a little over an hour ago.
A tutoring job for a 7–year–old boy, multiple subjects including basic combat skills and defense. Must be knowledgeable and experienced.
I bit my lower lip as I sent in my resume; a tutoring job would be nice, and I would be able to do it after my own school schedule as well. The job was posted on a werewolf job board and the location was in the Silver Crescent pack, which wasn’t far from the Redmoon pack
Instead of waiting around for them to call me, I decided to use the number listed on the board and give Mr. Adam Conners a call.
“Adam Conners speaking,” a deep voice said on the other end.
“Hello, Mr. Conners. My name is Judy Montague. I stumbled across your ad seeking a tutor for a 7–year–old boy. I just sent in my resume, and I would like the opportunity to meet with you.”
There was silence on the other end, and it made me feel nervous. A swarm of butterflies flapped away in my belly as I waited for his response.
“This job isn’t for the weak, madam. May I ask if you’ve ever tutored before?” He asked.
“I have helped my peers with their schoolwork in high school. I’m currently a student at Royal Academy studying combat and shifting. I’m skilled in most subjects. I graduated top of my class in high school, and I aim to do the same in college as well,” I told him.
“I see,” he said thoughtfully. “That’s quite impressive. Master Matthew is a bit troubled though and might need someone strong enough to handle him,” he said a bit hesitantly.
“My goal after college is to become a Gamma warrior. If I’m not strong enough to handle a troubled 7–year–old, then there’s a bigger issue at hand, Mr. Conners,” I said without missing a beat.
There was a brief pause on the other end, and then I heard him chuckling.
“I must say, I like your confidence, Miss Montague,” he replied.
“Please, call me Judy,” I insisted.
“Alright, Judy. Well, I just pulled up the resume you sent me and it’s quite impressive indeed. Why does someone with your skill sets and ambitions want to tutor a child?”
###Take 9
Chapter 0009
Chapter 0009
I decided to just be as honest as I could.
“My family recently fell upon some hardships, and we could use the extra money. I saw the salary you are offering to tutor this child, and it was an opportunity I couldn’t resist. It’s also a job I can do after my own school hours, so my studies won’t fall behind,” I answered,
“Are you free this afternoon? I will text you an address to meet me at and you can meet with Master Matthew before you decide on anything,” he suggested.
I smiled. This was better than nothing
“I would like that,” I told him.
It didn’t take long for Adam to send me the address via text message after we hung up. It was late morning, and they wanted me to meet him in a couple of hours. That gave me time to get dressed and call for an Uber. I decided to dress in comfortable clothing; something that I could easily move around in. I took a shower, made a small bite to eat, making sure to leave my mother some extra food in case she was feeling up to eating today, and then I called for an Uber.
It didn’t take long for the Uber to arrive. I got into the backseat of the car and soon I was off to the Silver Crescent pack.
The Silver Crescent pack was the largest pack in the world, and it was filled with modern luxuries. Most of the pack members were swimming in money and they made sure all surrounding packs knew that fact.
People from other packs were allowed to travel to different packs, as long as they had proper ID. Gammas were stationed at the borders, examining visitors before they allowed entryway. Every packmate had an ID, including children. Both the Uber driver and I had our IDs ready before we reached the borders.
This pack belonged to Gavin Landry, and though his pack wasn’t far from mine, I never actually stepped foot in it
before.
For a second, I thought the driver pulled up to the wrong house. He stopped in front of a gorgeous, and huge, villa. It looked just like a hotel resort right down to the gorgeous marble water fountain statue out front.
“Are you sure this is the right place?” I asked the driver, still staring up at the large and rustic–looking building.
“Yes, mam,” he answered.
I thanked him and got out of the car. As I started towards the large set of stairs that led towards the front doors, the doorway opened and a tall man with greying hair and pale blue eyes stood in front of me. He had a kind smile on his lips and bowed as I approached him.
“Good afternoon; you must be Judy Montague,” the deep voice said, and I immediately recognized the voice to be Adams.
“Yes, sir,” I said, smiling at him.
“I am Adam Conners. You may call me Adam. I am the butler at the estate, and I’ve been personally assigned as the caretaker for Master Matthew when his father isn’t home.”
“What about his mother?” I found myself asking.
It’s… a complicated story,” Adam said. “She isn’t in the picture though. Master Matthew is out back right now practicing his archery with another potential tutor.”
My stomach dropped; there was someone else here seeking the tutoring job? That meant I had to fight for this
1/2
Chapter 0009
position.
I followed him outside and across the green grass field; in the distance, I saw the archery set up. A young woman, maybe a little older than me was trying to teach him. But he seemed to be giving her attitude and yelling at her. She was paling even more by the second and by the time we reached them, she was in tears.
“I can’t do this,” she cried, backing away from the boy. “I’m sorry.”
She ran without another word; only the sounds of her sobs could be heard.
Adam sighed and looked as if he aged another few years as he watched her go. Matthew didn’t seem phased though; his thick brows were tilted downward as he struggled to hit his target with the arrows. I could tell he was growing frustrated; he kept grunting and groaning as he pulled back the string and released the arrow, only for the arrow to land a few feet in front of him, sticking out of the ground.
“Can I see?” I asked.
feet to m
He glanced at me from over his shoulder with a frown. He sized me up; his eyes scanning me from my feet to my head. I never felt so judged by a 7–year–old in my life. But maintained a cool posture with a soft smile. He eventually relented and handed me the bow and arrow.
With little to no effort I pulled the string back and allowed the arrow to fly through the air and towards the target. It hit the bullseye with a loud thud.
Matthew gasped.
“Woah…” he said with wide eyes.
1
I smirked as I grabbed another arrow from the quiver and repeated the same process even quicker, hitting the spot. right next to the one I just hit.
His mouth was practically on the ground, as was Adam’s.
Matthew looked up at Adam in awe.
“What is her name?”
###Take 10
Chapter 0010
“Are you afraid of me?” I asked the boy, my eyes narrowed. “Or are you incapable of asking me for my name yourself?”
Matthew looked stunned by my directness. I was never one to sugarcoat anything and clearly his former tutors were exactly that type. His cheeks turned a bright shade of pink as he glanced at the ground; Adam just looked amused.
“I am Matt. What is your name?”
I smiled at the small child and lowered myself, so I was at eye level with him.
“You may call me Judy,” I told him.
He lifted his head and squared his shoulders as if he was getting ready to fight.
“You are really good at shooting, but that doesn’t mean you are good at everything,” he said to me, his tone hardening, and the look in his eyes gave my chest a sinking feeling. “My tutors are all weak and I bet you’re the same You don’t look very strong or intelligent. I need someone capable.”
He put his hands on his hips.
“You are certainly very vocal for a 7–year–old,” I praised. “And how do you expect I should prove myself, Master
Matt?”
He smirked and then walked over to a bucket I hadn’t known was there. I frowned when I saw the contents inside. They looked like daggers. I also noticed the dummies that were set up; they must be for dagger throwing. I knew that was a common practice warriors had so I wasn’t surprised to see it. But I was surprised to see Matt pick up a couple of daggers and hold them like he was about to stab me.
I looked at Adam who looked ready to intervene; his face had paled drastically. It only took me a second to realize what was about to happen. Soon, a dagger was being thrown directly at me at a quick pace. He had quite an arm and an aim when it came to dagger throwing.
I would be lying if I said I wasn’t impressed. Thankfully, I always had good reflexes.
I did a quick flip and dodged the flying dagger, only to see another one coming straight for my head. I effortlessly landed on my back, cushioning my fall with my hand as the dagger missed my nose by a centimeter. Another dagger flew directly at me, and I spun around, getting lower to the ground as the dagger passed by, landing an inch away from me. Another dagger flew at me and used my arms and legs to jump back to my feet and over the dagger. 1
A final dagger came spinning directly at me; this throw was sloppy, and I knew it was because he was losing his focus. I squinted at the fast dagger and timed it perfectly; spun my foot around and kicked the handle, so the dagger flew in the opposite direction.
Panic set in when I realized what I had done and just as I was about to scream for Matt to watch out, he dodged to the ground, missing the dagger only by a second.
Relief flooded me and I let out the breath I had been holding inside of myself.
“How did you do that” Matt asked as he stood up, brushing the dirt off his clothes.
I also brushed the dirt off my clothes, and I shrugged.
“I’ve been training for this type of thing for a long time,” old him. “If I’m going to be a Gamma warrior, I need
1/2 
+25 BONUS
Chapter 0010 
to be prepared for every attack.”
When he stared at me dumbfounded, I raised my brows at um.
“You didn’t know I was training to be a warrior?” I asked him. “Do you normally throw daggers at those who haven’t trained?”
His cheeks grew pink again and that was all the answers I needed. I looked at Adam who looked sheepish. He kept his eyes fixed on the ground and I could see the shame on his face. Things were starting to make sense now. Matt truly was a menace.
A loud and deep barking sound brought me out of my thoughts. When I turned, I saw a huge black dog running towards us with its tongue out. Its bushy tail wagged back and forth rapidly as it greeted Matt.
Matt smiled at the dog and wrapped his arms around his large neck. The dog was bigger than he was!
“Shadow, what are you doing out here, boy? I thought you were inside,” Matt said as the dog licked his face, making him chuckle.
I smiled and bent down to the ground so I could be at eye level with the dog. He hadn’t noticed me yet, but as soon as I moved, he whipped around to face me, his eyes turning to slits.
“Shadow doesn’t like anyone else, other than Master Matthew,” Adam warmed. “He bit the last tutor, and she had to go to the pack clinic for stitches.”
I raised my brows
“I
“Her wolf didn’t heal her?” I asked.
“She was an Omega without a wolf,” Adam explained.
I nodded thoughtfully and turned my attention back to Matt and Shadow. Shadow was glaring at me, and I could see his canines as he growled. I kept my calm composure though and outstretched my hand. Shadow took a step closer to me and I could feel Adam’s anxieties from behind me. But I kept myself calm and my eyes on the dog.
###Take 11
Chapter 0011
I am not threatening, I kept saying in my mind. I am a friend.
Shadow sniffed my fingers, and I lowered my hand to the ground. Then, to everyone’s surprise, Shadow licked my fingertips and trotted the rest of the way over to me, allowing me to pet him. I smiled as my fingers ran through his soft fur and he panted excitedly as his tail thumped on the ground, nearly knocking me over as the ground shook under his weight.
“H…how did you do that?” Matt asked, shocked. “Shadow doesn’t like strangers.”
I shrugged casually.
“I’ve always been good with animals,” I confessed. “When was young, I used to have a dog as well. Her name was Caramel because she was the color of Caramel.”
Matt snickered at the name, and I smiled. Shadow rubbed himself all over me before returning to Matt’s side. “My parents got her for me because they were never home. Caramel kept me company,” I finished explaining. Something flashed in Matt’s eyes as he fixated his attention on his dog. It almost looked like sadness.
“My dad is never home,” he murmured. “So, Shadow keeps me company. He protects me from bad and conniving people. That’s why he bit the last tutor. She was conniving and only agreed to tutor me so she could get close to my father”
I raised my brows.
How could a woman do such a thing? I felt sick at the very thought that she was using this little boy only for his father. Who was his father to this woman?
“How about I bring Shadow back inside so you can finish getting to know one another,” Adam suggested as he walked towards the dog who only growled at him.
Matt smirked.
“Careful Adam; or you might end up dog food,” Matt warned.
Adam mumbled something under his breath that I didn’t quite get but he managed to get Shadow and bring him into the villa while I stayed behind with Matt.
Matt stared at me; his arms folded across his chest as he examined me.
“You have good reflexes and aim,” he murmured. “But that doesn’t mean you are strong or smart.
“Well, if it’s my brain you are worried about, I am top of my class in all my subjects. I graduated high school with high honors and I’m currently a college student,” I told him. I felt a little silly felling all this to a 7–year–old. But I could tell he was mature for his age, and he was having trouble trusting my capabilities. “As for my strength, as 1 said, I’m training to be a Gamma warrior. How can I prove my strength to you?”
He smirked; giving me a look I was starting to grow accustomed fo. I knew that meant he was up
I stepped backward, narrowing my eyes.
“Let’s play a game,” he finally said, surprising me.
Okay, what kind of game?”
“Escape. Ever play it?”
up to something.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 0011
Escape was a game where the opponent tries to escape the other person’s hold. I’ve only played it with others around my age, never ones much younger than me. This should certainly be interesting.
“Would you wish to escape from me?” I asked him.
He nodded.
“I might be 7, but I’m very strong,” he said, putting his hands on his hips.
I smiled.
“I don’t doubt that,” I told him. “Okay, let’s give it a shot.
Before he was even ready, I already had him tackled to the ground. I must say, he did put up a pretty fair fight. I could tell he’s done some training, and it made me wonder why he trained so hard at a young age. It took me a minute to get my bearings and get control of the situation, but I eventually had him pinned and he couldn’t move. He struggled against me, and I just smiled as he attempted to get out of my hold.
“I thought you were stronger than that?” I teased.
His cheeks grew pink from embarrassment, and I laughed wholeheartedly.
“If become your tutor, we can work on this,” I assured him.
As he attempted to escape from me, I heard some footsteps from nearby and I assumed Adam was returning. But then I heard another set of footsteps; Matt must have heard them as well because he froze and looked in the direction of the sound.
I watched as his face lit up in delight; a look I had yet to see from him.
“Dad!!” He yelled excitedly.
I looked in the same direction and my entire heart fell deep into my stomach.
His father, the man of the house, was none other than Gavin Landry.
###Take 12
Chapter 0012
Judy’s POV
“Adam, how could you just let anyone walk into my home?s there no longer an order for this household? You also left her alone with my son. What were you thinking?”
Matt had already gone over to his father, and I was standing there, my eyes glued to Gavin’s. I couldn’t believe that he was the man of this household. What kind of trick was the cruel fate playing on me? Why couldn’t I shake this man?
Gavin patted his son’s head before stepping around him and closer toward me. His eyes were dark, and I could see he was unhappy that I was at his villa.
“I thought I made myself clear that we aren’t to meet again Miss Montague,” he said firmly. “Showing up house is a bit ridiculous, don’t you think?”
to my
My face burned from the embarrassment I felt. I quickly realized that he was misunderstanding why I was there. He thought I was there to seek him out, but in reality, I was only there because of the job that was posted on the werewolf job board..
“You have nothing to say?” Gavin asked after a short while I was too stunned to speak; this was the last thing I expected. I knew that this was Gavin’s pack, and I probably should have realized that a villa this size belonged to the Alpha, but I had no idea Gavin had a son..
Only his daughter, Irene, is known to the media; his son is a secret, and I couldn’t help but wonder why that was.
He turned to look at Adam who was red in the face and seemingly very confused by this encounter. I don’t think he knew I was familiar with the Alpha, and he was trying to work out the unfolded events in his head.
“Escort Judy off my property this instance and make sure she doesn’t return again,” Gavin ordered before his gaze found mine again.
His eyes had gotten darker, almost black, and for a second, I watched as he scanned my body. I was wearing a pair of workout shorts and a white crop top. I wanted to wear something comfortable and something I could easily move in. But the way his darkening eyes were staring at me almost studying me, I felt a sense of unease. It was as if I was standing naked in front of him, I was feeling warm all over and I knew my face was probably as red as a cherry.
His eyes landed on my exposed belly briefly and I could see his nostrils flaring as his gaze lowered, fixating on my bare legs. I licked my lips as heat flowed evenly throughout my body. He finally lifted his gaze and met my eyes again, his eyes still dark and brewing.
I found myself unable to look away from him, stuck in some kind of hypnotic trance. His eyes were keeping me captivated and my heart hammered against my chest.
“Alpha, I believe there is a misunderstanding ” Adam said, breaking through my trance and bringing me back to reality. “I apologize for not speaking sooner.”
“I’m not here for you, Alpha Gavin. I’m here because you posted a job opportunity as a tutor. I have plenty of experience and skills to get the job done. I was invited here by your butler, however, I wouldn’t have come if I knew you were the master of this house,” I told him, folding my arms across my chest.
I grabbed my bag off the ground as Gavin stared at me, seemingly dumbstruck by my words. I had a copy of my resume in my bag that I was preparing to show him when Adam continued to explain the situation.
“I did tell you that I had a few.candidates coming to the house today, Alpha,” he explained. “Judy was one of those candidates. I spoke to her on the phone this morning. I never listed your name in the ad due to confidentiality. So,
+25 BONUS
Chanter 0012
it’s likely she had no idea you were Master Matthew’s father.”
I managed to pull out my resume and I stepped towards him to hand it to him. He stared at me for a short while, the look of anger melting off his face and now he was almost looking shameful. I had to bite back the smirk I wanted to give him.
With only slight hesitation, he took the resume and scanned it; his brows pinching together.
“You’ve had warrior training?”
I nodded.
“I’m currently studying warrior training,” I explained. “I‘ top of my class in every subject. This tutoring job would be a great addition to my resume.”
###Take 13
Chapter 0013
He handed me back the resume without saying a word to me, but his eyes scanned me briefly before he shifted his attention to his son. The atmosphere had grown tense, almost awkward. Matt was staring back and forth between me and his father, and I could see the questions lurking in his eyes.
“And what do you want, Matt?” Gavin asked the boy.
Matt looked uneasy for a moment as his eyes met mine. There was a part of me that thought Matt would tell me to get out and that he never wanted to see me again. I wasn’t sure if I actually made an impression on him, or if I was just like any of his other tutors. I was bracing myself for the rejection. But then a smile lit up Matt’s face as he looked at his father. 
“I want Judy,” he shocked me by saying.
Both Gavin and Adam looked shocked as well; though, relic flooded across Adam’s face almost as quickly. Gavin raised his brows as he looked at his son.
“You’re sure?” He asked.
He nodded.
“I thought she was just another pretty face. But she’s proved herself, Dad. She’s really good at what she does. I want her to tutor me and train me to be the best,” he said proudly as he glanced at me and then back at his father.
I felt a sense of pride swelling in my chest and I had to stifle a smile. I could see the admiration in Gavin’s eyes a he addressed his son.
He then looked at me and said, “My son doesn’t usually take kindly to tutors. The fact that he likes you speaks volumes.”
My cheeks grew warm. Was that a compliment?
I cleared my throat, trying to recover myself.
“You are the man of the house and ultimately it is your decision. If you’d like, I can still go. I didn’t mean to intrude on your home,” I told him, keeping my head held high.
“Dad?” Matt asked, tugging at his father’s shirt. He looked worried that his father was about to make me leave.
Gavin smiled at his son.
“Go with Adam inside. I’m going to speak with Judy for a moment,” he said softly.
as 
Matt glanced at me and back at his father briefly before nodling. He followed Adam into the villa without another word, leaving me alone with Gavin.
I wrapped my arms around my body like I was shielding myself from whatever blows he was about to give me.
“I will leave,” I told him before he could actually kick me out. “I honestly had no idea that you were his father.”
He looked almost uneasy for a moment.
“I’m not going to make you leave,” he surprised me by saying “My son likes you and that’s a rarity. I won’t ruin that for him. I’ll allow you to be his tutor,” he told me.
“Oh, well, thank you,” I said, outstretching my hand to give his hand a shake.
He glanced at it briefly, his arms folded across his chest, and then his gaze lifted, and he met my eyes. He was silent, and I started to feel extremely uncomfortable and nervous under his scrutiny, so I slowly lowered my hand.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 0013
“There are some conditions,” he finally spoke after what felt like an eternity.
I raised my brows; I should have known it wouldn’t be that easy.
“What are these conditions?” I asked him. 
“For starters, you can’t wear clothes like that again,” he told me, glancing at my outfit before meeting my eyes again. I was shocked by his words as I glanced down at my crop top and shorts with a frown.
I remembered earlier when his eyes were dark as he stared at me, his eyes shifted from my eyes and down my body, landing on my exposed belly for a moment and then focusing on my legs. I blushed at the thought of him checking me out but then a smirk spread across my lips as stepped closer to him. I could have a little fun with him while we are on the subject.
I tilted my head to the side as I gazed into his darkening eyes. I dropped my voice to a low and sultry whisper.
“Why is that, Alpha? Are you afraid you won’t be able to resist
###Take 14
Chapter 0014
Judy’s POV
I watched Gavin’s Adam’s apple move slightly.
I hadn’t realized how closely I was standing to him until he stood a bit straighter and tilted his head towards me. I swallowed the lump wedged in my throat and fought the strange urge to reach out and touch him.
What was wrong with me lately?
It had to be because I was rebounding over Ethan. The wound of his betrayal was still so fresh that my wolf had been quiet. Yet whenever Gavin was around, she seemed to be perking up a little more. It was clear to me that she liked Gavin, and yet I could still feel the pain she felt from our mate’s betrayal. The mark Ethan gave me was still on my neck and every time he was remotely intimate with Irene, I would feel the pain from our broken mate bond.
It was no wonder I was suddenly clinging to the first attractive man that crossed my path.
The comers of Gavin’s lips tipped upward into a smile.
“I am someone who keeps work and personal matters separate,” he told me, his tone deep and sending warmth throughout my body, making my cheeks feel incredibly hot “I don’t want the rest of the household to think that I harass my teammates or subordinates. I prefer my staff to wear tasteful clothing and not be so suggestive.”
My mouth nearly fell open from his words; I folded my arms across my chest and glared at him, not caring that he was a Lycan and that I shouldn’t be looking directly into his eyes. Most Alpha’s would think of that as a challenge, especially a Lycan Alpha.
“This type of clothing is common for college students to wear,” I informed him. “Do you have to be so old- fashioned?”
He raised his brows at me..
“Are you seriously going to question me? Did you forget that I am now your boss?” He countered.
I opened my mouth to reply with something equally as snarky, but then I immediately closed it because he was right. Gavin Landry was my boss now, which meant I had to abide by his set rules. He was the one paying my salary and my parents desperately needed this money; it was good money too. It was an opportunity I couldn’t pass, and I couldn’t risk getting fired before I even got started.
It would be better if I just agreed to his rules and kept my mouth shut.
“I apologize. I shouldn’t have been disrespectful. I’ll wear something less revealing the next time I come here,” I assured him.
He stared at me for a moment longer before he hodded his Head once.
“Come inside. We can discuss your schedule, and I’ll have my Beta draw up a contract,” he said, turning away from me and walking towards his house.
I followed after him but froze when I heard a ruffling sound in the nearby bush. Before I could grasp what was happening, Matt was jumping out of the bush holding a water gun!
I was wearing a white crop top, and I lmew if it got wet, it would be see–through. I nearly screamed when I saw the stream of water aiming directly towards me, Gavin was quick though; much quicker than I thought possible.
He was in front of me in seconds and his arms were protectively draped around my body. The warmth of his arms was enclosed around me, and I felt safe in the cocoon he created for me using his body. I heard Matt laughing as water–soaked Gavin’s shirt and a low growl emerged from Gavin’s throat.
Chapter 0014
I could tell he was furious with Matt’s tricks.
+25 BONUS
Gavin’s cologne hit my senses, and my heart hammered in my chest from his close proximity. I found myself leaning into him, feeling his muscles digging into my back and his strong arms tightening around me. My cheeks grew hot, and I felt warmth spreading across my lower abdomen.
Another low growl escaped Gavin’s mouth, and I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck, causing goosebumps to form on my flesh. Briefly, I wondered if he could smell my sudden arousal.
His arms were untangled around me, and I felt cold from the lack of touch. He turned his body around to glare at his son who was still laughing.
“What have I told you about playing such tricks like that, Matthew?” Gavin growled; his fury evident
Matt finally stopped laughing and when I looked at him, I could see that his face had gone pale, and he almost looked nervous
###Take 15
0015
I wanted to see what she’d do,” he said with a shrug.
“I’ve had enough of this!” Gavin growled. “You are grounded until I say otherwise.”
“W…what?” Matt cried. “But… but I was just joking…”
Tears filled Matt’s eyes, and I would be lying if I said I didn’t feel bad for the kid. I mean, it was only water, and it was a harmless prank. But I certainly wasn’t going to intervene in Gavin’s parenting.
Adam rushed out of the Villa, having witnessed this show, le had a towel in his hands.
“Get to your room, Matthew,” Gavin ordered. He then glared at Adam. “Take him to his room.”
5, Alpha,” Adam said, bowing his head.
“Yes,
I took the towel from Adam and went to Gavin to dry off his back, as I did so, I listened to Matt cry.
“But Dad, you never play with me anymore,” he whined. “just wanted to have fun…”
“This is not the way to get my attention,” Gavin said firmly “We will discuss this again later.”
I began to towel dry Gavin’s soaked back; his shirt was now transparent due to the water, and I could see the strong muscles of his back. My mind was immediately brought back to the night in the VIP suite when I ran my fingers down his back. I hadn’t realized how muscly it was until this very moment. I wanted to run my fingers down them again.
As I patted his back dry, I found that my other hand had a mind of its own and it wandered under his shirt. I felt his back stiffen as my fingers explored his ridges and creases. I used my other hand to move the towel under his shirt as well, acting as if I was only drying him off. His breathing seemed to have gotten harder, almost matching mine.
The silence between us was so thick that I could hear the sounds of my heart beating. I bit my lip as my fingers traveled downward until they started to reach his lower back.
“Mattie, what’s wrong?” A feminine voice said from nearby. I whipped my hand away, coming back to reality.
My face burned with embarrassment.
What had happened to me? How did I lose control like that and why did he let me?

He quickly adjusted his shirt and cleared his throat. He turned and without looking at me, grabbed the towel from my hands. My hands fell to my sides, and I stared at the ground, willing my face to stop burning.
“Dad grounded me,” Matt answered the woman.
“What did you do now, Mattie?” The woman asked.
“Just wanted to have some fun and squirted them with water,” Matt confessed.
“I was just taking him to his room. If you’ll excuse us, Madam Irene,” Adam said as he ushered Matt inside.
At the sound of her name, my gaze lifted and sure enough, Irene stood in front of us with a concerned look in her pretty eyes. Irene truly was a beautiful woman, and my chest tightened at the thought of Ethan being with her.
She wore a casual pink dress that fit her form perfectly. Her long blond hair was braided down her back and she only wore a little makeup; she didn’t need a ton of makeup o be pretty, which irritated me even more.
She watched as Adam took Matt inside and then she frowned at her father.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 0015
“What was that about?” She asked him.
“Your brother and his tricks,” Gavin muttered. “That boy needs more discipline.”
And because the cruel fates were laughing at me, Ethan walked around the corner, completely oblivious to the tension in the area. At that moment, Irene noticed me, and she frowned, tilting her head before looking at her father with a questioning look. But my gaze was too focused on Ethan’s to notice anything else around me.
He froze entirely when he saw me standing beside Gavin and then his eyes darkened with irritation.
I bit my lower lip as I stared back at him and I swear I heard a low growl escape his throat, which brought Irene’s attention to her fiancé. She frowned at him and then she looked at me. I could see the questioning look in her eyes and then the brief worry as she folded her arms across her chest.
“Who is this woman?” She asked Ethan. “Do you know her?”
###Take 16
0016 
Judy’s POV
I was stunned to see Ethan standing before me, next to Irene. My wolf instantly hid herself in the furthest part of my mind, closing herself off from even me.
“Ethan?” Irene said again, touching his arm. He was busy glaring at me with dark eyes to notice that his fiancé was trying to get his attention. But once she touched his arm, he blinked a few times as if he remembered where he was and who he was with
He finally looked at her and saw the worry on her face.
“Do you know this woman?” She repeated.
“Uh, no,” he said, shaking his head and clearing his throat “Sorry, I’m not sure what just happened. I’ve never met her before.”
His words were like a slap in the face. 2 years together and that was what we resorted to. Strangers?
Irene still looked uncertain; I could see it on her face. I was too stunned and hurt to say anything. My eyes wouldn’t move from Ethan’s as he consoled his fiancé. My heart was bleeding at the sight of them.
“éthan was probably just surprised that I brought a woman back to my home,” Gavin said, intervening.
I was brought back to the current moment and finally pulled my gaze away from Ethan and looked up at Gavin. He was calm and his eyes were fixed on Ethan as he spoke, almost like a silent warning.
Understanding flashed in Irene’s eyes, and she finally turned her attention to me. Her blue eyes shined with curiosity and a kindness I wasn’t expecting.
“My father never brings his girlfriends home, so I understand Ethan’s confusion. You must be very special. I apologize for the strange introduction. I’m Irene Landry, and this is my fiancé Ethan Cash.”
I forced a smile, not wanting her to get the wrong impression. It wasn’t her fault Ethan was a cheat, and she seemed like a sweet enough girl. The least I could do is put in some effort, especially if I’m going to be hanging around here for a while tutoring Matt.
“It’s nice to meet you,” I said cautiously. “I’m Judy Montague.” 1
“Montague?” She asked, her brows pinching together. “That last name sounds familiar, Where have I heard it before?
“My father is Reggie Montague,” I answered. “The Delta of the Redmoon pack.”
“Oh, right!” She exclaimed, and then her face paled. “I’ve heard what happened with his company. I’m so sorry for you and your family.”
I nodded. I really didn’t want to talk about my family’s issues with the woman muy mate left me for.
She seemed to understand that my silence meant I wasn’t comfortable with this topic, so she cleared her throat and looked up at her father.
“Dad, where did you find this stunning young woman? I didn’t know you were in a new relationship,” Irene said, putting her hands on her hips. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I’m not in a relationship with Miss Montague,” Gavin said sharply. “She’s Matt’s new tutor.”
Irene’s eyes went large.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 0016
“Another tutor?” Irene asked. “What number is that? 40?”
49,” Gavin murmured. “But I believe this one will be different. Your brother seemed to have taken a liking to Judy. I’m hoping she’ll stick around for a while.”
“A tutor, huh?” Ethan said, his eyes finding mine. “Isn’t that something?”
Something in his eyes made me uneasy; he almost seemed hopeful and excited upon hearing that I wasn’t here as Gavin’s girlfriend, but only as Matt’s tutor.
Gavin cleared his throat, his eyes dark as he glared at Ethan
“You should start considering your wedding date to ensure that neither of you has any entanglements and that you are both devoted to each other,” Gavin said, his eyes fixed on Ethans,
Ethan paled upon hearing his words; I understood the double meaning. Gavin knew about my history with Ethan and that I was his fated mate. His words were a warning, and considering the look Ethan was giving him, Ethan also understood the meaning.
Irene only smiled and wrapped her arm around Ethan’s.
“Oh, we are definitely devoted to each other,” Irene said, beaming. “Ethan is the best guy I’ve ever been with. Did I even show you what he bought me?”
She untangled herself from Ethan’s arms and reached into the collar of her dress, pulling out a gorgeous golden necklace with a purple pendant, encased in small diamonds It was the very same necklace I saw in the window at the high–end jewelry store last year. It was incredibly expensive, and I asked Ethan if he could buy it for me on multiple different occasions. But he always brushed it off and got me something else.
###Take 17
Chapter 0017
He always told me that he wanted my gifts to be unexpected and that it’s not fun if I know what I’m getting. I eventually stopped asking him for the necklace in hopes that he would get it for me, but he never did. I assumed he just forgot.
Seeing
that he got that necklace for another woman caused me to deflate on the spot. I felt physically ill.
“Isn’t it incredible,” she gushed. “He’s truly the best.”
Ethan gave a wide smile and wrapped his arm around her, pulling her close and kissing the side of her face.
“It’s certainly a sight,” Gavin admitted. “I’m pleased that you have your priorities in order, Ethan.”
“Yes, Sir,” Ethan replied, then, he looked at me. “My priorities are definitely in order.”
Third Person POV
It was a breath of relief to find out that Judy wasn’t there as Gavin’s girlfriend. However, Ethan was still furious that she was able to get a job even after he got her blacklisted from the workforce.
Seeing her standing beside Gavin left Ethan feeling infuriated. He had to play it cool though because Irene was standing beside him, and she was already skeptical of his earlier reaction upon seeing Judy. She gave Ethan a strange look, but he gave her a broad and reassuring smile in return.
She was truly a work of art; beautiful and perfect in every way. It was a shame he was only using her to boost his status and become the new Alpha of the Redmoon pack.
“We still have a lot of planning to make this wedding perfect,” Irene said, resting her head on his arm. “I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with this man.”
“You certainly make a nice couple,” Gavin said, his eyes still focused on Ethan. “I trust that you daughter well.”
“Of course,” Ethan said. He could feel Judy’s eyes glaring at him, but he kept his plastered smile,
will treat my
He knew he was hurting her, he knew that the necklace he bought Irene would hurt Judy because it was the same necklace she wanted. She’s been asking for this necklace ever since she saw it in the window last year, but he didn’t get it for her because he wanted to remain in control
Now that Judy was working for the Landry family, Ethan felt as if he was losing the control he once had over her. The tutoring job was something he knew he couldn’t interfere with; he was able to get her blacklisted from the working community, but Gavin Landry didn’t follow the same standards. He was probably paying her well for this type of job tool. According to Irene, her brother wasn’t an easy kid to be around, especially for a tutor. But Gavin seemed optimistic that Judy would be good at this job and Matt took a liking to her as well. Judy was squirming in her spot beside Gavin, and it gave Ethan a small satisfaction knowing that he was the reason she was so uncomfortable. In some way, Judy was still his and he could still control her. Whenever she looked at him, she still had trouble looking away. She was still hurt by the things he said and the things he did. He was still very much in control.
A smirk played on his lips as their eyes met. He could see the pain and turmoil in her eyes, and it brought him a sick sense of joy.
She might think that she got the perfect job, but it wasn’t going to last. Ethan made a vow to himself that he was going to make sure Judy left this job as Matt’s tutor. He was also going to make sure that Judy dropped out of that
+25 BONUS
Chapter 0017
damn school.
Someone like Judy was only good for one thing: spreading her legs.
There were a few people that Ethan could contact who could help him out with his plans and force Judy to not only quit her job but also quit going to school at Royal Academy!
The way he saw it was that Judy had two options; she could either be his mistress, or she could lose everything.
###Take 18
Judy’s POV
“I should probably get going,” I said quickly, pulling my eyes away from Ethan. “Thank you for the opportunity, Alpha. Perhaps we can exchange numbers so we can discuss my schedule. I can sign the contract when I return.”
Gavin stared down at me for a moment; his face hard to read.
“Adam has your number. I’ll be in touch,” he told me.
I nodded and was about to step around him, but Irene’s volge stopped me.
“Dad, why don’t you take Judy home? I didn’t see her car here,” Irene said, staring between me and her father.
“It’s okay,” I said quickly. “I’ll just call for an Uber-”
“Yes, I’ll have my driver take her,” Gavin said, interrupting my words. I met his eyes, surprised by the offer. “I’ll accompany you. It’ll give us a chance to talk in the car.”
I wanted to protest, but the look he was giving me was almost daring. I quickly clamped my lips shut and gave him a curt nod, murmuring my thanks.
“Then it’s decided,” Irene said with a wide smile, clapping her hands together. “It was very nice to meet you, Judy. I hope we can get to know one another soon. I could use some girlfriends.”
I forced a smile in her direction and nodded. The last thing I wanted was to be friends with this woman, but she was being kind, and I didn’t want to seem rude, especially in front of my new boss.
I turned my back to them and followed Gavin into the house As we walked through the Villa, we passed Adam who was walking down the large spiral staircase. He looked stressed and I knew it had to do with a very upset Matt who just got grounded.
He paused when he saw us passing
“Adam, is the driver still out front?” Gavin asked without even looking at him.
“Yes, sir,” he answered.
“I’ll be taking Judy back to her home. I’ll be back later this evening,” Gavin told him,
“Alpha,” a voice said from nearby just as we neared the front doon.
I saw the driver from yesterday walking around the corner; be was holding a small stack of papers in his hands as he approached.
“I got the contract you requested,” he told him, handing Gavin the papers. The driver smiled as he looked at me. Good evening, Mam. I’m Beta Taylor.”
Oh! He was the Beta of the pack.
Now that I was looking at him, he did have the aura and appearance of a Beta.
I smiled politely at him.
“It’s an honor to meet you, Beta,” I said, lowering my head in respect.
“We need to go,” Gavin said sharply.
I tried my best not to scowl at him; he didn’t have to speak so rudely, I thought to myself. I kept those thoughts in
+25 BONUS
Chapter 0018
my mind though, not wanting to cause any issues. I didn’t say anything more to Taylor, and he didn’t say anything more to me. He just watched as Gavin pulled me out of his villa and towards the waiting car.
The driver immediately got out and ran around the car, bowing his head at Gavin before opening the back door.
Gavin motioned for me to get in first. I smiled my thanks to the driver before sliding into the car, Gavin slid in beside me and the driver shut the door. He ran around to the front and sat in the driver’s seat.
“Where to, Alpha?” The driver asked.
“Take us to the Carter Resort.”
1 stared at Gavin, shocked.
“I thought you were taking me home,” I said, my brows pinched together.
“I need to speak with you alone,” he told me. “Also, I heard your stomach growl earlier and assumed you were hungry.”
It didn’t take us long to get to the restaurant resort. I followed Gavin into the restaurant, and he was immediately greeted by the hostess; I knew her from when I briefly worked here and from the engagement party. Nan had the day off today, so I didn’t have to worry about her seeing me and asking me a million questions as to why I was there with Gavin.
Good evening, Mr. Landry,” she said with a beaming smil “A table for two? Your favorite booth is available.”
“Yes, thank you,” Gavin said with a nod.
We followed the hostess across the restaurant and towards the booth in the far back, next to the large window that overlooked the harbor. It had a gorgeous view of the city’s nightlife sparkling off the water.
The hostess handed us a couple of menus and then left. I was expecting Gavin to start talking and tell me why he wanted to talk to me privately, but he remained silent as he looked over the menus. A few minutes later, a waitress arrived and took our orders. It was obvious she took a liking to Gavin immediately because she mainly ignored me. She was too busy batting her lashes and flaunting her hips to notice that I was sitting there.
“What would you like to eat?” Gavin asked me, bringing me out of my thoughts.
At that point, the waitress finally turned her attention to me and her dislike was evident.
“I’ll just take the Cobb salad,” I told her, handing her the menu.
“Bring us a bottle of wine as well,” he ordered.
“Right away,” she murmured before walking away.
Gavin finally cleared his throat and fixed his attention on me.
ΠΕ.
“So, we should discuss what happened earlier,” he said, leaning back in his seat as he took me in. “The incident with Ethan.”
###Take 19
Chapter 0019 I I assure you my relationship with Ethan is over .
Im only interested in my job as Matts tutor .
I thrive on professionalism , and I promise to remain ethnically loyal , I told him , well aware that I was rambling , but I couldnt help myself .
He intimidated me .
He stared at me for a heartbeat , making me even more nervous .
Rest assured that no lines will ever be crossed , 1 added .
istone And what about me ? He asked ; he didnt sound condescending .
He had more of a boyish curiosity in his and his gaze was almost soft .
My heart skipped a beat , and felt my cheeks heating .
No lines will ever be crossed with you as well , I promised him sincerely .
Gavin was silent for a moment as he assessed me and then he gave me a short nod I hope you can remember to honor that , he said , almost daring I was about to reply , but the waitress returned with our wine .
Gavin then switched the subject to my schedule , and we agreed upon a schedule that worked for us both .
Then , he took out the contract and placed it on the table .
He stated that the contract was just a formality about employment and salary .
Its also stated that you arent to tell anyone who you work for , he continued .
Its for safety .
Yours and mine .
I make all my staff agree to the same terms .
I nodded ; it made sense , so I didnt argue .
He handed me a pen and after I looked over the contract , I filled in my basic information and signed each line he pointed at Soon after , the waitress returned with our food .
This looks delicious , I said before taking my first bite of the delicious salad .
Gavin got a rare steak with mashed potatoes and roasted veggies .
We both ate in silence and gradually sipped on our wine .
When I was just about done , I could feel the wine had gone right through me .
I need to use the restroom , I told him as I slid out of the booth .
Ill be back .
He nodded and I took off towards the bathroom , walking by a stunning woman with auburn hair and the most dazzling green eyes I had ever seen .
As I walked by her , she brushed her shoulder against mine , making me pause .
I briefly wondered if she did that on purpose ; she didnt even apologize ! 1 brushed the thought out of my head though and quickly went to the bathroom .
When I returned , I noticed that Gavin was now standing , and his arms were folded across his chest .
He was speaking to the woman who bumped me a few minutes ago .
She looked upset with him and when I approached , I heard her words clearly .
So , this is why you havent called me back ? Because you been with another hussy  Thats enough , Daisy , he said , his voice low and threatening .
Just answer the question , Gavin .
Are you seeing her ? She asked , hurt evident in her tone .
Gavins eyes flickered to me as if he could sense that I was nearby .
Without answering her , he walked over to me .
My eyes grew large as he wrapped an arm around my shoulders and pulled me close .
I was immediately entranced by his scent and warmth ; electricity flared across my flesh from his touch , his face Chapter 0019 buried against the nape of my neck .
The woman , Daisys , eyes followed him , and she looked utterly pissed .
And if I am ? Gavin asked ; I could feel his breath against my cheek and my heart hammered wildly in my chest .
Youll soon tire of her , Daisy sneered , folding her arms across her chest .
You always do and then you come crawling back to me .
How long do you plan on being the third wheel on our date ? Gavin asked .
My breath hitched from his words , Daisy scowled .
This isnt over , she muttered before giving me a nasty look and storming off .
As soon as she was out of sight , Gavin released me .
I nearly fell to the ground from how weak my legs were .
I could hardly speak as Gavin walked back to the table and resumed his food as if nothing had happened W …what was that ? I stammered breathlessly , hating how weak I sounded .
Gavin glanced at me and shrugged a shoulder .
That was Daisy , he murmured .
Shes a noble Lycan and my late wifes sister .
I was stunned by his remark .
Oh , I managed to say .
My mother has been wanting to pair us together as a second chance for me , he continued .
I didnt want to reject her too bluntly .
Im sorry for using you like that .
My cheeks were still on fire and Im sure he noticed but he didnt mention anything about it .
I nodded in reply and said nothing more .
We finished our meals and Gavin paid .
Gavin had the driver take us back to my house and I thanked him for the meal and the job before I got out of the car and walked to the door .
The car remained until I was inside and then I could hear it driving off .
I let out a breath I hadnt known I was holding .
But the slight relief didnt last long because I could hear my mother speaking to someone in the living room .
The minute I reached the entryway , my entire body froze when saw who was sitting on the couch , chatting away y with my mother .
###Take 21
Chapter 0020 Judys POV My mother was smiling for the first time since my father was taken away by pack Gammas .
Oh , Judy .
Good , youre home .
Look who came to visit with us , my mother said , a smile beaming on her face as she looked at Ethan .
He told me that hed be able to help us if you are cooperative with him .
She had a questioning look in her eyes when she looked back at me .
I had told her that Ethan refused to help , but now he was making it seem like I was being uncooperative owards his demands and that was the reason he refused to help .
I could tell he didnt tell her what those demands were , and I wasnt going to tell her either .
It would only break her heart further and I didnt have it in me right now .
I was exhausted after the day I had , and I just wanted to go to bed .
The last thing I wanted right now was to deal with Ethan .
I folded my arms across my chest and glared at Ethan who had a smug smile on his face .
Whats he doing here , Mom ? I asked her She frowned at me .
Is that any way to speak ? She asked , her brows pinching together .
I raised you better than that , Judy .
Ethan has been a friend of this family for a long time .
Hes your mate hes also offering to help us during our time of need .
You should show him more respect , I pressed my lips together in a thin line .
Do I need to remind you that we broke up ? I asked , still staring at Ethan , but I was also speaking to my mother .
I needed them both to be clear that Ethan and I were no longer together and if my mother was hoping for any reconciliation , then she was out of luck because that wasnt happening That doesnt mean you cant still be friends , she replied .
He is in the running to be our new Alpha .
Regardless , he deserves our respect .
Ethan stood to his feet , and I instinctively took a step back , wanting to gain as much distance between us as possible .
My wolf had been quiet since we saw him at Gavins villa with Irene and I worried something might be seriously wrong with her .
She hasnt blocked me since the day Ethan rejected us .
I apologize for intruding , Ethan said , keeping that plastered smile on his lips as he looked at me .
I knew it was only a show for my mother because I could hear the bitterness directed towards me in his tone .
I was hoping for a moment of your time .
In your dreams , Ethan , I said and then I turned my back to him and stormed out of the living room .
I wasnt going to give him the time of day .
I wrapped my arms around my body as I made my way up the stairs .
Just as I reached the door and opened it , a hand on my lower back , shoving me the rest of the way into my room , and then the door shut .
I whipped around to face Ethan who was staring at me with his arms folded across his chest .
What the hell are you doing in here , Ethan ? I sneered .
I felt I should be the one asking you the questions , he retorted bitterly .
What do you think you are doing flaunting around Gavin Landry like that ? I raised my brows .
Chapter 0020 Excuse me ? I asked him , taken aback .
What business of that is yours ? Arent you engaged to his daughter ? Do you really think that whoring yourself out to Gavin is going to help get your father out of prison ? Ethan scoffed .
You are being delusional if you think for a second hed ever be interested in you .
You do remember the hickeys I had on my neck not too long ago , right ? I asked him , folding my own arms across my chest .
His eyes darkened at the mention of those hickeys , and he took a step towards me .
I took a step back , not wanting to be anywhere near him .
I asked around , apparently Gavin was seen having a lot to drink that evening .
He was hardly in his rightful mind , he murmured .
You must have taken advantage of the opportunity .
Are you out of your mind  I asked him , narrowing my ees .
I did no such thing ! Im not sure who you are trying to fool , Judy , because Im not buying .
I know the kind of person you are , and youd do anything to help your family , even if it means sleeping with someone for a bit of money .
Why not just take me up on my offer and end this whole thing ? Because I wont be your mistress , Ethan , I hissed .
Thats insulting to everyone involved , including Irene .
Dont you care about her at all ? How could you ask such a thing of me knowing that it would hurt her ? He rolled his eyes .
Dont act like you care about her , he replied .
Someone has to , I growled .
He let out a humorless laugh just before he grabbed me and pulled me close to him , completely catching me off guard .
He wrapped one of his arms around my hips and another arm around my back , pressing me flush against his hard chest .
My heart nearly beat out of my throat from the sudden motion .
Just shut up , he murmured , and then his lips were crashing into mine .
Anger filled me as his lips moved against mine , his tongue swiping across my bottom lip and seeking entrance .
I kept my mouth clamped shut , refusing to give in to him .
At one point , I would have been weak in the knees from his kiss and gave in right away , but now , I just felt disgusted and used .
I didnt have the same tingly sensation 1 once felt from his touch .
###Take 21
1 felt nauseated and filled with fury .
1 struggled against him which only made him hold me tighter .
It was no secret that he was much stronger than me despite all the training I had in my defense classes .
It didn help that he hurt my body and made me weaker as a person , not to mention my wolf was blocking me so I couldnt channel any of her strength .
He bit my lower lip , causing me to gasp in pain .
That was enough time for him to shove his tongue into my mouth .
I pushed at his chest as he started to push me towards my bed .
Panic was striking me so fast that I was losing my train of thought .
In a rush , I bit down on his tongue as hard as I could , making me stop kissing me and howl in pain .
I pushed at him again , but he refused to let go of me .
Instead , his lips found the nape of my neck , right above his mark which refused to fade after his rejection .noveldrama
He bit just above the mark , and I felt him sucking on it hard .
Ethan , get off me ! I demanded .
I felt his smile against the nape of my neck as he released my flesh from his teeth .
Gladly , he muttered just as he let me go and I fell to the ground with a thud .
My neck throbbed from his hard kissing , biting , and sucking .
I reached my shaky fingers up to touch the spot and I winced when I felt the hickey forming on my skin .
I let out distressed whimper which he quickly shushed .
When I looked up at him , I saw that he had pulled out his phone and , on the screen , I noticed Irenes name flashing across .
She was calling him ; of course , she was , I thought to mysel He answered the call and turned his back to me .
Hey , babe , he said sweetly .
His tone completely changed from bitter to loving in a matter of seconds .
I pulled myself up to my feet using my bed and I wrapped my arms around my body like I was desperately trying to hold myself together .
Yeah , I just stepped out for a few .
Ill be home soon though .
Want me to pick you up anything to eat ? He paused for another moment ; I sat on my bed , my legs refusing to work any longer .
Tears burned in my eyes , but I refused to let them fall while he was standing in my bedroom .
I wasnt going to let him see me weaken .
Sure , Ill surprise you , he replied kindly .
Ill see you soon .
I love you , A jab of pain hit my chest , and I winced like he had just slapped me .
He hung up the phone and then turned to me .
Look , I came here to tell you that you need about $ 500,000 if you want to visit your father in prison , he told me , shoving his phone back into his pocket .
If I remember correctly , thats about the same amount of money ur loan payment at school is I couldnt speak ; I stared numbly at the ground .
He stepped towards me and lowered himself , so he was at eye level , forcing me to look into his eyes .
If you want to see your father , give up school and use the loan to pay .
Youll be able to see him getting tortured to the brink of death behind bars , Ethan sneered .
Or you can become my mistress , and Ill pay off his debt entirely .
Youll still have to give up school , but itll save him from being tortured .
The choice is yours , Judy .
I swallowed the lump in my throat , my entire body shuddering with pent up fury .
He smiled as he straightened Chapter 0021 his posture .
No matter the choice , Judy , youll always be mine .
Its best if you remember that .
Now , if youll excuse me .
I have a fiancé to tend to .
Without another word , he turned and left my room , leaving me alone with my thoughts .
I spent the remainder of the night lying in bed; tears spilling out of my eyes .
I had a bad feeling about what was about to happen , and it was making me feel sick to my stomach .
At some point , my wolf unblocked me , probably sensing that I needed her comfort after what Ethan had just put me through .
↑ How could he do this to me ? How could he do this to my family ? My poor father was lying in prison because of him , and there was nothing I could do .
Hours after Ethan had left , I finally started to fall asleep .
However , I was brutally awoken by the pain coursing through my veins ; it felt as if my entire insities were on fire starting from the mark on my neck .
I screamed out in agony as I put my hand over the mark ; every single bone in my body ached .
My wolf whimpered and cried along with me , also feeling the same pain .
Mate , I heard my wolf crying .
Another … woman ! It was then that I realized what she was trying to say .
###Take 22
Chapter 0022 Judys POV The pain that wracked my body was insufferable ; I cried out , hoping that my mother would hear and that she could do something to help me .
But the hallway outside my room remained quiet with only the sounds of my agony filling it .
My wolf was also whimpering in pain which drowned out any coherent thought .
Ive only felt minor pain in the past when he kissed Irene , but this was too much for me to handle .
This was the pain of him sleeping with her .
I could almost hear the sounds of their panting and moans as if I were in the room with them .
I could hear all the things he was doing with her , and it was torture .
Tears streamed down my cheeks as I gritted my teeth , praying to the Moon Goddess for the pain to subside .
What had 1 done to deserve such a cruel punishment ? My eyes were drawn to the shirt that was thrown over the edge of my laundry basket .
It was Gavins shirt ; the one I had yet to wash and give back to him .
If I were to be hones , I forgot all about it .
I briefly wondered if it still smelled like him .
Biting back the heavy amount of pain that consumed me , I managed to stretch enough to grab the shirt and pull it towards me .
The moment my fingers touched the soft fabric , his scent filled my nose and wrapped around me like awarm and soothing blanket .
Even my wolf was calmer .
I hugged the shirt to my chest , letting his scent fill me .
The pain began to subside , and I was able to block out the sounds I was hearing from Ethans lovemaking .
I closed my eyes , keeping the shirt close to me .
After a few minutes , I was finally able to drift off to sleep .
The thought of Gavin filled my mind , and I was immediately brought back to that night in his VIP suite .
Gavins lips found mine as he kissed me with a heated passion .noveldrama
My heart was racing as I pressed myself close to him , basking in his scent and warmth as I fought to deepen the loss .
His tongue glided across mine playfully and our lips danced together in beautiful harmony .
He was shirtless and my fingers roamed across his broad chest , feeling , every single one of his abs beneath my fingertips .
His fingers explored my body as well which was when I realized I was completely naked .
I wasnt shy though ; 1 didnt need to be shy because there was some part of me that knew this wasnt real .
This was a world and scenario that I created in my own head and didnt have to shy away from the man before me .
He lifted me up and pinned me against the wall , using his body to help keep me upright .
I wrapped my legs around his broad waist as he brought his lips down the nape of my neck and sucked on the spot where Ethans mark was .
In this scenario , Ethans mark was gone .
I didnt have to look in the mirror to know that it wasnt there .
I heard a low growl from Gavin just before he whispered , Mine … My eyes flew open , and I sat up in bed , my head spinning and sweat dripping down the side of my face .
I swallowed a few times as I looked around my bedroom .
I just had a steamy dream about Gavin Landry .
I reached my hands up to touch my face and I noticed how hot it was .
I took a deep and shaky breath .
I could not be thinking like that towards Gavn .
I had to get my head straight before I went to his house later today .
I promised that I would start my tutoring job this afternoon and I couldnt go there with a messy head .
Chapter 0022 I shook the thought of my dream out of my head and quickly got out of bed .
I went into my bathroom to clean up , pausing at the mirror when I noticed how disheveled I looked .
My hair was a complete mess , my face was pale , and I had dark bags under my eyes .
but that wasnt the part that drew my attention ; my mouth nearly dropped when I saw the large hickey on my neck made by Ethan .
###Take 23
Chapter 0023 I scowled at it in the mirror .
I couldnt be seen with his hickey on my neck ! I had to cover this up somehow .
I decided to use a scarf .
After I showered and got dressed , 1 grabbed a scarf that paired nicely with my blouse and jeans .
I tied it around my neck and took a deep breath before leaving my room .
My mother made it known that she wasnt very happy that disrespected our future Alpha .
I told her that I wasnt going to do what Ethan asked me to do and that we could find another way to make money .
Honestly , Judy .
Just do what hes asking .
It cant be that hard .
Your fathers life is at stake , she pleaded , tears filling her eyes .
/ 1 I remained silent , not wanting to discuss this any further .
Later in the afternoon , I took an Uber to Gavins house .
I was relieved to see that only Adam and Matt were home , which meant I didnt need to have any awkward encounters .
Adam took the time to show me around the house ; he guided me to all the rooms that I could use and some of the rooms needed to stay clear of , which included Gavins study , and the entire upstairs floor .
The interview was only the first step , Adam said as he turned to face me .
You might have proven yourself to Master Matthew , but you now need to prove yourself to me None of his other tutors had been successful in getting him to complete his tasks .
Your job is to get him to complete his tasks .
Understood ? I will try my best , I answered as confidently as I could .
Adam smirked and folded his arms across my chest .noveldrama
No offense , Miss Judy .
But 1 personally dont believe you have what it takes to truly handle this boy .
Even those who passed the interview process were unsuccessful .
Hes complicated child and its going to take a lot more than a pretty face and good fighting skills to get him to listen .
Third Person POV Judy looked taken aback by Adams words , but what he said was the truth .
Just that morning , he was speaking with Ethan while Miss Irene was getting dressed for the day Ethan told him that Judy had never been around kids before and she didnt know the first thing about them .
He confessed that hed known Judy for quite a while and that he didnt think she could handle this job .
Judy at one point confessed to Ethan about her very serious condition that she claims to have managed , but it makes her less intelligent when it comes to certain subjects Once Adam learned from Ethan what Judys condition was , he felt a bit deceived .
Adam made a mental note to keep a close eye on Miss Judy and report anything he found suspicious Ethan seemed oddly curious about Matt and his interests as well this morning .
I notice he doesnt do much around here and I wanted to know what I should get him for his birthday .
I know its not for months , but if Im going to be in Irenes life as her husband , Matt will be my brother in law .
Id like to start thinking of these things now .
Adam didnt think that was too strange , so he nodded thoughtfully .
Well , hes into video games right now .
Actually , he has a tablet that he plays on .
He has a favorite game in particular that he plays but he isnt allowed to play it right now .
Chapter 0023 Ethan raised his brows .
Why is that ? He asked .
Because it takes up too much of his time .
He will spend all day locked away in his room playing that damn game .
Getting him to do anything and cooperate is impossible .
Can I see the tablet ? Ethan asked .
Maybe Ill get him a new game ; an educational one .
51 +
###Take 24
Chapter 0024 Adam nodded and grabbed the tablet , handing it to Ethan .
Ill return this later .
Thank you for your help , Adam , Ethan said kindly before leaving the kitchen .
Thank you for the warning about Miss Judy .
Ill keep a close eye on her , Adam retorted .
Ill see if theres someone more capable for the position .
Ethan nodded , a smile playing on his lips .
Adam all but forgot about that conversation until a couple of hours later when he was searching the entire house for Matt but couldnt find him .
He wasnt usually hanging out in his bedroom at this time , but that was the only place he hadnt looked .
Ethan and Irene were long gone for the day , so the house remained quiet and fairly empty besides the staff running around Adam knocked on Matts bedroom door and heard him huffing about .
Frowning , he opened the door and spotted him on his bed with his tablet in his hands .
Master Matthew , how did you get that ? Adam asked , stepping into his bedroom .
Get out ! Im busy ! Matt scowled ; his eyes glued on the tablet .
Master Matthew , I insist that you hand that over right away .
You know you arent allowed to have that right now .
Your tutor will be here soon , and you need to be prepared .
I said get out !! Matt hissed as he grabbed a picture frame with sharp corners and threw it as hard as he could across the room , aiming directly at Adams face .
Adam was able to get out of the way quickly and the frame shattered on the wall behind him .
He whipped around to face Matt who kept his attention on the game .
Matt he tried to say but Matt grabbed more pictures and other hard s and started to throw them at Adam , ordering him to leave his room that instant .
Adam felt he had no choice but to leave .
When Matt got like that , he was dangerous and would stop at nothing to get what he wanted .
The only one who was able to calm him and put some order in his life was Gavin and that was because of his Alpha aura .
However , Gavin had a meeting this afternoon and was unavailable .
Perhaps this would be the perfect way to push Judy away from this job though .
If shes unable to accomplish her mission for the day , it would prove that shes incapable .
Judy appeared soon after for her first day as his tutor and Adam attempted to warn her that the task would be impossible .
He somehow got his tablet and is playing his favorite game , Adam explained .
Hes locked himself in his room and he wont come out .
Its probably better if you didnt even bother trying .noveldrama
Judy raised her brows .
Is that so ? She asked .
Is th Adam went to respond , but then Judy did something unexpected .
She walked past him and started up the stairs .
She looked so confident and determined that it amazed him He quickly followed after her , protesting that she wasnt supposed to go upstairs because it was their personal floor that consisted of bedrooms and private bathrooms .
Chapter 0024 Judy ignored him and she paused when she reached the second floor .
She looked around at each door , and when she saw the door with the stickers on it , she walked towards it .
Miss Judy ! Adam tried to protest again .
She knocked on the bedroom door and waited a moment ; when Matt ignored her , she did something Adam never could have imagined .
She kicked the door open ! Chapter 0025
###Take 25
Chapter 0025 Judys POV Miss Judy ! Adam growled just as I walked into Matts bedroom .
This is highly inappropriate .
You arent supposed to be in their private bedrooms for one and two , you destroyed Gavins property .
The door was barely hanging on the hinges .
I glanced at it briefly before lifting my gaze to meet Adams .
He looked furious that would do such a thing , but I only shrugged .
I will pay to get the door fixed , I told him .
Gavin can take it from my paycheck .
He looked like he was about to say something in response , but I paid him no attention .
I turned my attention to Matt who was sitting on his bed .
He was staring at the tablet as if nothing happened .
I could see the bags under his eyes and the strain that looking at the screen constantly had on him .
I walked over to him.
Matt , Isaid , trying to gain his attention .
When he ignored me , I spoke louder .
Matthew ! He still ignored me .
His face was very serious as he kept his eyes fixed on the screen and he was murmuring something under his breath .
Stupid level … he murmured .
I could hear the sounds of the player dying repeatedly and I furrowed my brows .
I knew this game .
Ive played this game .noveldrama
Ive mastered this game .
With a smirk , I grabbed the tablet from him and yanked it out of his hands .
Hey ! He yelled , trying to get it back .
I kept it out of reach while focusing my attention on the screen , I went through the necessary steps , leveled up the character , and got him the appropriate and much needed equipment to pass the level , along with armor .
Then , I continued with the mission Matt was attempting .
Matt went from desperately trying to get the tablet from me to watching me with a look of awe as I effortlessly wiped out each bad guy in the game and completed the mission .
Woah ! He gasped .
That was amazing ! How did you do that  I shrugged I played this game before , I told him .
Then , I went into the save file and deleted everything I had just done .
Why would you do that ?! I raised a brow at him .
I thought youd be a fair player and want to beat the level on your own , I told him , mockingly .
He scowled .
Ive been trying to beat that level all day ! He huffed .
I shrugged .
I could show you how to do it , I told him .
But first , you need to get your homework done .
According to Adam , you have a lot of it .
Chapter 0025 It was at that moment I realized that Adam had left the room .
It didnt matter though ; I didnt need him in here for this .
Matt scowled at me , and I just stood in front of him casually not wavering .
Thats my condition , I added with finality .
He glanced at the tablet still in my hands .
You promise youll help me ? I nodded .
I never break my promises .
Especially when it comes to video games , I told him .
He sighed and then he nodded .
Okay , lets do my homework .
I motioned for his backpack in the comer of the room .
Grab that and meet me downstairs in the parlor , I told him , turning and walking out of his room .
I didnt bother waiting for him or seeking Adam out .
I just made my way down the stairs and into the front parlor .
The parlor reminded me of a luxury hotel lobby ; it had large floor to ceiling windows overlooking the gardens outside and gave way to plenty of natural lighting .
I sat on the couch and waited for Matt to join me .
He didnt take too long to grab his backpack and walk into the parlor .
He sat beside me on the couch and pulled out a ton of papers , books , and writing utensils .
I smiled Lets get started , I stated .
For the next couple of hours , we completed each of his homework assignments and got a little studying done .
I was amazed at the amount of work they assigned a 7 year old , but I suppose its a little different for werewolf students As the sun set a maid walked into the parlor with a faint smile as she looked down at Matt .
The cooks have prepared your supper , Master Matthew , he said to him.
You can come to the kitchen : whenever you are ready .
Matt pouted and then looked up at me .
Can you join me for dinner ? He asked .
###Take 26
Chapter 0026 I was surprised by the dinner request and my brows shot upward to my hairline .
You want to have dinner with me ? I asked .
Theres plenty of food for you as well , Madam , the maid added , a wide grin on her face , I looked back at Matt for confirmation , and he looked so small and almost nervous at that moment .
I wondered what it was about .
My dad is never home for dinner and my sister hasnt bee home since she started dating that Ethan guy , Matt confessed .
Sometimes Butler Adam will eat with me , but not always .
I get lonely … My heart tugged for the child , and I put my hand on his shoulder , reassuringly .
I would love to have dinner with you , Matt , I told him .
Then afterward , we can play that game , and Ill show you how to beat that level .
He beamed at my promise and jumped to his feet .
Come on ! He said , grabbing my arm and pulling me towards the kitchen .
The dining table was set up for only Matt and it made me sad to see the lonely sight .
The maid quickly walked in behind us and set another place for me , giving me a sheepish smile .
I sat at the table beside Matt as the maid poured us some juice before serving the meal .
It w t was a delicious stew ; I hadnt realized how hungry I was until it was right in front of me .
My stomach was growling by the time I had my first bite of the food .
While we ate , I listened to Matt talk about school , his interests , and about some of the friends he has .
I had to admit that I enjoyed spending time with the little gay .
He seemed pleased to have me there keeping him company and I enjoyed that I could do that for him .
After our meal , I offered to clean the table and dishes , but the maids insisted on doing it for us .
Its their job , Matt explained .noveldrama
That doesnt mean we cant be helpful , I told him .
He shrugged .
Can we play the game now ? He asked , bouncing in his seat .
I smiled at him .
Yes , I did promise you that we would , I told him .
He eagerly jumped out of his seat and ran into the parlor where I left his tablet on the coffee table .
I followed after him .
I sat on the couch with him and taught him everything I knew about the game .
I showed him exactly what I did to beat the level , and he followed my instructions perfectly .
After he successfully beat the level , he jumped up and clapped , I laughed and then I gasped in surprise when he wrapped his arms around me to hug me .
Can we keep playing ? He asked .
I thought about it for a moment .
Well , you did finish your homework .
I suppose you earned a bit more gameplay .
But tomorrow we are going to 1/2 Chapter 0026 work extra hard on studying your letters and math before we do some defense training .
Understood ? He beamed as he nodded .
Can you teach me how to shoot the bow and arrow too ? He asked .
I have trouble with my aiming .
Can yo I would be happy to teach you everything I know , I assured him .
He t back down and handed me the tablet , wanting me to continue with the next level .
For the next 30 minutes , we continued passing the tablet back and forth , sharing the gameplay and chuckling periodically at all the mishaps that happened during the gaming process .
The entire time , Adam hadnt made a single appearance to check on us .
I almost completely forgot about him until I heard his voice outside of the parlor .
She let him play on his tablet and theyve been doing nothing but goofing off the entire time , I heard Adam saying I made a mistake by allowing her here in the first place .
Shes not fit to be his tutor .
They have done nothing productive , Alpha ! 1 I looked up at the closed doorway with a frown and before I knew what was happening , the door flew open and Gavin walked into the parlor , startling us both .
Matt nearly dropped the tablet but thankfully I caught it before it hit the ground .
Dad , youre home , Matt said with an awkward smile on his lips as if he knew he was caught doing something he shouldnt be doing , Gavin glared at me with his arms folded across his chest .
What exactly is going on in here , Miss Montague ?
###Take 27
hapter 0027 Judys POV I told you , Adam said , folding his arms across his chest .
Not only did she fail in her task at getting him to accomplish any of his schoolwork , but shes also encouraging his distraction .
She should be fired right away , and Ill post the job once again on the werewolf job board .
I was shocked by what Adam was saying , when I first met him , I thought he was kind and genuinely wanted me around .
But now it seemed he was trying to get me fired .
Im not sure what I had done to him to deserve this type of treatment , but Id be lying if I said I wasnt kind of hurt by it .
Is this true ? Gavin asked , his eyes fixed on mine .
I looked up at him , my lips pressed in a thin line .
I knew my cheeks were probably red because I could feel the heat in them , but ignored it and turned towards the table where we left Matts schoolwork .
See for yourself , I said , grabbing the papers and handing them to Gavin .
Gavin grabbed the papers and looked them over ; his brows raising in surprise .
This is Matts handwriting , he said thoughtfully as he went through each of the assignments we had done .
He did all of this ? I nodded , folding my own arms across my chest as I glared at Adam whose face immediately paled .
Yes , I answered , my eyes never leaving Adams Matt did all his schoolwork and got a bit of studying in .
I believe there is such a thing as balance in a young boys life .
All work and no play can lead to quick burnout and lack of focus .
Matt did his assignments, and I rewarded him with some gameplay as I promised him earlier .noveldrama
I pulled my eyes away from Adam to look at Gavin who was watching me , a perplexed look on his face ..
Matt lacks companionship , Alpha Gavin .
This is what is leading to his rebellious side .
When you spend time with him , hes actually a sweet and caring young boy .
Gavin raised his brows as he set the schoolwork on the table Are you trying to teach me how to raise my son ? He asked Of course not , I told him .
But perhaps punishing him without truly knowing the reasoning behind his actions is redundant .
Even for you , Alpha .
He opened his mouth to say something but then I felt the starf around my neck slipping down my shoulders .
I scrambled to recover the scarf , but it was too late , Gavin was glaring at my neck where the hickey was .
His eyes were dark , and his nostrils flared at the sight of it .
Its not what it seems , I murmured as I quickly put the scarf around my neck .
I wanted to explain to him what had happened , but I couldnt tell him the full story .
Gavin had already wanted me to stay away from Ethan because he was to marry Irene .
He wanted Irene to have a nice life with Ethan without nie intervening .
If I told Gavin that Ethan was the one who gave me the hickey , he would never believe that I didnt want it .
He would never believe .
that Ethan practically forced himself on me .
He would think that I went after him and seduced him.
He would never see it from my point of view .
It doesnt matter , Gavin muttered ; he was clearly irritated for whatever reason .
I wasnt entirely sure why , but it was clear in his eyes and in his tone .
Just make sure you better handle your private life .
I dont need that around my son .
Understood ? I nodded and bit my lower lip .
+75 BONUS Chapter 0027 Understood , I replied .
He turned to glare at the butler .
You told me that Judy failed to complete her mission for the day but so far , Ive seen that shes completed her mission and then some .
How dare you spread such false rumors , Adam , Gavin barked , making Adam flinch .
… uh … he stammered , unsure of what to say .
You arent to speak in my presence for a month , Gavin steered .
Now get out of my face .
y … yes Alpha , Adam said shakily as he quickly retreated out of the room , his head hanging low in defeat .
I tightened the scarf around my neck and when I was sure it wouldnt slip again , I straightened my posture to look up at Gavin .
I should get going ; its getting late , and my mother is probably wondering where I am , I told him .
###Take 28
Chapter 0028 He nodded .
My driver , Leroy , is out front .
Have him take you home , He offered .
I shook my head .
Its okay , Ill grab an Uber , I told him as I pulled my phone out of my bag .
He pu put his hand over my phone screen , preventing me from using it .
Dont spend your money on a ride when Im offering you one for free , he said calmly .
Leroy remembers your address from yesterday .
Let him take you home .
I swallowed the lump in my throat and then I nodded thoughtfully .
Okay , thank you , I replied .noveldrama
I turned to Matt who was staring between us with wide eyes .
I wondered what was going through his young mind at that moment , but he seemed to snap out of it when he noticed me staring at him .
Im leaving now , I told him .
But I will be here around the same time tomorrow .
I have classes in the morning , and you have school until the afternoon .
He nodded and I could tell from the pout he gave me that he didnt want me to leave .
Make sure you clean up your mess and get plenty of rest tonight , I instructed .
Youll need it for our training session .
Okay , he murmured .
Bye , Judy .
Bye Matt , I retorted , giving him a small wave before glancing back at Gavin .
He was still fixated on me .
I nodded at him , not sure what to say , as I stepped around him and headed out of the villa.
Third Person POV Gavin watched as Judy walked out of the Villa .
For some reason , seeing the hickey on her neck thoroughly irritated him .
It was a feeling he couldnt quite understand , but he didnt like seeing it on her .
He remembered when he left his own marks on her body and there was a small satisfaction in his chest .
But those markings faded to the point where they couldnt be seen , and it was replaced by the markings of another .
Who was the man that left a hickey on her neck ? On second thought , it was probably better if he didnt know Why are you so mean sometimes ? Matt asked , bringing Gavin out of his thoughts .
Gavin blinked a couple of times before looking down at his son , a frown decorating his lips .
I wasnt mean , Gavin denied .
Matt rolled his eyes and slumped down on the couch .
Yes , you were , he murmured .
We were having a good day , and she left upset .
Chapter 002 Gavin raised his brows as he watched his son .
For a moment , he wasnt sure what to say .
He sighed and decided to sit on the couch beside him .
Its been a while since he spent any real time with Matt ; the words of Judy kept replaying in his mind about how Matt needs companionship .
He wondered if her words were true .
You had a good day ? Gavin asked him .
Matt nodded , his eyes remaining on the ground .
Yes , he said softly .
warne Im assuming you like your new tutor ? Gavin asked him .
Matt seemed to brighten as he looked up at his father .
Yes , I do ! Shes really nice , Dad , and super cool .
Shes really good at warrior stuff , shes book smart , and she plays video games .
She also ate dinner with me tonight .
I liked having her around , Matt gushed .
I wouldnt mind if she became my new mom ! Gavins eyes widened upon hearing his son say that .
Shut up , Gavin said , shaking his head and avoiding his sons eyes .
Im serious , though , Matt said , grabbing Gavins arm .
I had a mom like Judy , I would be so happy .
Shes going to teach me defense and how to shoot a bow and arrow tomorrow ! Gavin was taken aback by this ; he realized that his son was serious .
He truly did admire Judy like a mother figure .
Matt then pouted and looked at the ground .
None of my other tutors ever did stuff like this , he murmured .
They only cared about impressing you .
Gavin felt for the boy , it was true that his tutors mainly never worked out because all they cared about was impressing the Alpha and getting in his pants .
Matt often lashed out whenever he felt he was competing for attention .
This made Gavin think about Judys earlier words .
Matt lacks companionship , Alpha Gavin .
This is what is leading to his rebellious side .
When you spend time with him , hes actually a sweet and caring young boy .
###Take 29
Chapter 0029 Judys POV I went to the student lounge after my morning class .
I just finished taking an exam and I was completely beaten .
I was pleased to see Nan seated near the window , snaking on a pop tart and studying .
When I approached her , she looked up from her book and smiled .
Hey , she said , sliding an iced coffee across the table .
I got you some caffeine .
You are a lifesaver , I said , taking the coffee and sitting in the seat across from hers .
I took a large sip of the coffee and sighed in contentment , What happened to you last night ? I thought you were going to call me ? She asked , closing her book .
I groaned as I took another sip of the coffee Sorry , I kind of ran a bit behind last night , When I got home , I crashed immediately , I told her .
She raised her brows .
What were you doing that caused you to be so tired ? I knew I had to be careful with what I said to Nan .
The contract that Gavin made me sign stated that Im not to mention him by name or whom Im tutoring .
Gavin and his family were famous in the werewolf world and if people knew that I was working for him , it could cause issues .
I trusted Nan , but I also couldnt risk breaking the contract .
This job was good money , and I couldnt lose it .
I got a job , I told her .
A job ? She asked .
What kind of job ? As a tutor , I answered .
Im tutoring a boy from the neighboring pack .
Its good money and itll help my family out a lot .
Thats awesome , Judy ! She gushed .
Tutoring is a perfect job for you .
There isnt anything you cant do .
I laughed .
You are being so extra , I chuckled .
She rolled her eyes , but I could see the playfulness on her face .
As if , she replied .
Name one thing you cant do .
I thought about it for a moment .
Im not great at knitting , I confessed .
She burst into laughter and shook her head .
But you can still do it even if you arent great at it , she resorted .
Haughed with her .
Goddess , it was good to laugh with my best friend and pretend everything was normal for once .
Too bad that didnt last long because soon , we were joined by none other than Carol and her entourage .
I had known Carol since middle school ; at one point , we were friends .
But then I beat her in the spelling bee , and Chapter 0029 she grew hateful .
Shes been my archenemy since .
Weve always competed for the top spot throughout our schooling years and now that we are in college , things havent changed .
Carol was stunning ; she had a models body and a rocket scientists brain .
She had long curly locks of blonde hair and ocean blue eyes with long dark lashes .
Her full lips were always glossy pink , and she wore a little blush on her upper cheekbones to highlight her features .
She always wore designer clothes that her mother , Natasha Declaire , a famous fashion designer , created .
She was the total package in the eyes of men ; too bad she was a total bitch .
Hey , Judy , she sneered , stopping in front of our table .
Her friends stopped with her and glared at us like we were nothing but bugs they had just stepped on .
Carol , I greeted , my tone dry.
Heard you got rejected by your fated mate .
What did you do to make him dump you ? She asked , putting her hands on her hips .noveldrama
Her friends chuckled .
Werewolves never reject their fated mate unless something crucial happened , I heard one of her friends laughing .
Jady must have done something really bad to chase Ethan away , another one of her friends added , also laughing .
Thats not any of your business , Carol , I told her through my teeth .
Dont you have better things to do ? Nanasked , folding her arms across her chest .
Arent we a little too old for that mean girl act ? And if it isnt Nan the invisible sidekick , Carol muttered before turning back to me .
I also heard your father is in prison because he owes a lot of money .
Its really shameful for your family .
How are you ever going to pay for your next semester at college with your family going bankrupt and all ? Are you just trying to make up for the fact that Ive beaten you for the top student spot again this year by attacking my personal life ? I asked her , narrowing my eyes .
Her eyes grew wide , not expecting that I would hit her where it hurt the most .
Her face grew pale , and her friends .
were also silent .
Nan sat back in her seat looking proud .
It wont last , Carol muttered .
Soon enough , Ill knock you off your high horse .
Lets go girls .
She turned , her hair whipping around her shoulders , and then she walked off with her friends trailing behind her .
As soon as she was out of sight , I let out the breath I hadnt known I was holding That was awesome , Nan laughed .
Did you see her face ?
###Take 30
Chapter 0030 I have a feeling shes going to get me back some other way I murmured .
Speaking of top students , are you going to the award ceremony for top students tomorrow ? The winner gets a full scholarship for next year .
1 completely forgot about that ceremony ; I was sent an invitation weeks ago but with everything going on , I completely spaced it Yeah , I guess I must .
I could definitely use that scholarship .
I glanced at the clock across the room and sighed .
I have to get to my second class .
Ill see you later , Nan .
Bye ! After I was done with class , I stood outside in the parking lot and was about to call for an Uber to take me home .
I wanted to change before I went to Gavins house for the tutoring session , but before I could pull up the Uber app , a luxurious car pulled up in front of me .
I gasped at the fast movement and then the window rolled down .
I immediately recognized Leroy , Good afternoon , Miss Montague .
I was sent to pick you up for work , he said , unlocking the back door .
Ismiled at him , feeling a bit uneasy over the fact that he had come to my school to pick me up .
Thanks , I said as I slid into the car .
As I shut the door , I paused for a moment , I couldnt help but feel I was being watched .
I brushed the thought out of my mind as the car pulled away from the school.
Third Person POV It made no sense as to how that bitch got so much confidence ! How dare she speak to Carol in such a way .
Her friends trailed after her after she left the student lounge , but once Carol got outside , she turned to them and narrowed her eyes .
Leave me , she ordered , putting her hand up to halt their steps .
W … what ? One of them asked .
Why ? I need to be alone , Carol said , folding her arms across her chest .
Leave .
They pouted , but they knew better than to argue with Carol They soon left , leaving Carol alone with her thoughts .noveldrama
Carol walked around the campus ; she had no other classes , and she was thinking about returning to her on- campus suite for a bubble bath .
She needed to rid her mind of every thought of judy .
As Carol walked through the campus and towards the dorms , she paused when she saw a familiar figure sitting in the quad .
They had a dark hoodle pulled over their face and smile spread across Carols lips as their eyes met from across the campus .
She knew this person as a friend , and she had known them for quite a while .
She also knew that this friend couldnt stand Judy .
She straightened her posture as she walked across the campus and towards this friend .
Judy is so annoying .
Carol muttered as she sat beside her friend in the quad .
Youll never believe what she said to me .
She had the nerve to insinuate that she was smarter than me .
What did you expect ? Her friend mustered .
Shes always been on a high horse .
Thats one of the reasons I Chapter 0030 cant stand her .
What are you even doing out here ? Carol asked , staring at her friend with a pointed expression .
You never hang out on the quad .
Isnt this beneath your scene ? Or so you always say .
Her friend rolled their eyes and sighed .
I was actually waiting for you .
Carol raised her brows For what reason ? Because I need your help , they said , turning so they were facing Carol completely .
I need whatever dirt you can find on Judy ; can you do that ? And how do you expect me to do that ? She asked .
Its public knowledge that she was rejected , and her family went bankrupt .
Her friend nodded thoughtfully .
There must be more information .
Something we are overlooking .
Theres no way shes that good at everything .
Shes up to something and I need you to find out what it is , And whats in it for me ? Carol asked , raising her brows .
Her friend smirked .
Because if we play our cards right , we could get rid of Judy once and for all .
Then , youd be the top student , her friend replied .
Carols eyes lit up .
I like the way you think , she said with a wink .
Im in .
I follow her after school and see what shes really up to .
After she parted ways with her friend , she noticed Judy walking out of the academic center .
She was typing away on her phone , concentrating , when a luxury car pulled up in front of her .
Carol hid around the corner upon seeing Judy and her brows furrowed when she noticed Judy talking to someone in the car .
Carol held her breath when Judy opened the back door and slid into the back seat , shutting the door behind her .
That car was a low key Rolls Royce Phantom ! How did she manage such a ride even though her family was bankrupt ?! Carol screamed internally .
It was no wonder she still strutted around with all that confidence !!
###Take 31
Chapter 0031 Third Person POV Ethans phone rang .
He took a sip of his whiskey and put it on the bar in front of him , motioning for the bartender to bring him another .
He cleared his throat before answering the phone .noveldrama
You better have good news , he said without greeting the person on the other end .
Judy never got fired from her job , Ethans subordinate murmured .
She was able to get Matt to do his work regardless of the videos .
Even Adam tried to talk to Alpha Gavin about it , but it was no use .
Judy was persuasive and Matt did get all his tasks done .
Ethan cursed under his breath .
The bartender returned with a fresh glass of whiskey ; Ethan nodded his thanks as he took a sip of the drink .
What about school ? Did you do what I asked ? Ethan asked , feeling himself losing patience by the second .
Yes , I bribed one of her teachers , his subordinate answered.
Hes going to pin some stuff on Judy and get her expelled .
Perfect , Ethan murmured .
At least thats one thing I wont have to worry about .
I also spoke to one of her enemies at school , shes going to dig up some information about Judy and report back to me .
Any information I find out I will let you know .
You might be able to use it against her .
I knew I could count on you , Ethan replied .
Keep me posted .
Will do , boss , his subordinate said just before the line went dead .
Ethan took a sip of his whiskey , a smile spreading across his lips .
Soon , he will get everything he wants .
He will marry Irene , become the Alpha , and possess Judy.
Judys POV I feel way underdressed , I said , staring at all the students wearing luxurious gowns and designer clothing .
I was wearing a nice blouse and a black tight skirt that hugged my form perfectly ; I was dressed for a business function , not a ball .
The function was in the reception hall of the school , and it was decorated beautifully .
After the ceremony , I knew there was going to be a feast for a celebration and to thank the students for attending the award ceremony .
I would be lying if I said I wasnt nervous about this ceremony .
If I won the award , I would be getting an incredibly good scholarship , and I could use that scholarship to continue my education and not worry about the cost next year .
Why is everybody dressed up so much ? I asked Nan who stood beside me , eagerly looking around .
She peeked over at me with a frown .
Didnt you hear ? She asked .
Gavin Landry might actually show up this year .
Hes invited every year , but he never attends .
However , theres a rumor going around that he personally told the dean that he would be attending this year .
So , all his fan girls are dressed up for the occasion A pit formed in the middle of my stomach at the thought of Gavin and his fan girls .
I was surprised that he was actually going to be here .
Of course , I knew he was invited every year , but I never imagined he would actually show Chapter 0031 up to the school award ceremony .
On the stage , there were a few seats lined up , each one with different place cards .
My name was in the center seat right next to Carols .
There were a couple of others on each side of us as well , one of which had already taken their seat and was waiting patiently for the ceremony to begin .
The doors swung open , and I watched as Silver Crescent Gamma warriors piled into the reception hall , surrounding a very powerful Lycan .
Gavin and his men walked into the building as if they owned the place .
For a moment , everyone fell silent as they watched them walk down the aisle to find their seats in the front row .
I found myself holding my breath , my eyes finding Gavin in the middle of his crew .
The girls around the room began their excited chattering and gushing at how handsome he was .
Wow , Nan breathed .
He actually showed up.
Im just as surprised , I admitted , my eyes never leaving Gavin who reached his designated seat .
If only everyone around here knew that you almost slept with him , Nan chuckled , shoving me playfully .
They would lose their minds ! They will never know , I told her , shaking my head .
I dont want to be on their hit list .
Hey , Judy , a friend of mine , Water , said as he paused beside Nan .
Walter was a sweet guy that I befriended in high school .
He is also one of the top students and a candidate for the scholarship .
Unlike Carol , Walter had always been a friendly competitor .
He gave me a broad and toothy smile , making Nan smirk .
I heard about your familys financial problems , Walter went right into saying , making me frown immediately .
This was not the topic I wanted to discuss , and I had to bite my tongue before I said something I would regret .
Im really sorry thats happening .
Thank you , Walter , I said , keeping a plastered smile on my face .
Thats kind of you to say .
As you know , my family has a lot of money .
If this scholarship doesnt work out , you should let me pay for your schooling .
That way you can save whatever money you have to help your father , he suggested .
Nan chuckled and nudged Walter with her arm .
Do you have a crush on her or something , Walter ? What kind of offer is that ? She
###Take 32
asked teasingly .
Chapter 0032 Chapter 0032 Walters cheeks turned red , and he glanced at the ground .
To save him from further embarrassment , I stepped closer to him and put a hand on his shoulder , drawing his attention back to me .
Thats very kind of you to offer , Walter .
But its quite alright .
Ill be fine .
Thank you though , I told him .
He smiled and nodded in return .
Im going to find my seat , Walter said .
I think I sit next to you .
Ill see you up there , 1 told him .
He nodded and walked past me , towards the stage .
Nan laughed again , shaking her head as she watched Walter walk away .
That boy has got it bad , she teased .
Nan , no he doesnt , I retorted .
Walter is just a friend .
You might think so , but hes had a crush on you for a long time , she replied .
Someday , youll see exactly what I mean .
I stared after Walter with a frown ; he was a good looking gay with his shaggy brown hair and nicely built frame .
He always wore nice clothing , and I had to admit that he smelled nice because of the expensive cologne he wore .noveldrama
But to be honest , I wasnt into Walter in that kind of way .
Ladies , the ceremony is getting started .
Please find your seats , one of the professors said as she walked by .
Nan hugged me tightly .
Good luck , Judy .
Ill be here rooting for you .
I smiled and hugged her back .
I quickly made my way to the back of the stage and sat with the other candidates .
Carol snarled at me , but I acted as if I hadnt noticed .
My eyes instinctively found Gavins who was sitting in the front row , and I was shocked to find that he was watching me .
My cheeks immediately warmed , and I had to look away quickly before I combusted , The dean stood up on the stage and began his speech in the microphone ; the students and guests were immediately silenced .
The dean started off by introducing himself and the reason behind the award ceremony .
Then , he turned his attention to us , and he introduced each of the candidates by name , followed by their majors .
We each stood upon hearing our names and the students all clapped and cheered for each of us .
When he reached my name , I could hear Nan screaming towards the back of the room and I smiled as I felt my cheeks warming .
I could still feel Gavins eyes on me as I took my seat .
It was a nice event ; the band students played a couple of songs , as did the chorus students .
Former top students who had won the award in previous years were there to give a speech and congratulate us as well .
The dean felt it was even appropriate to introduce Gavin as well considering he was a Lycan , and this was the first time he had attended this award ceremony , He stood and waved at the students who cheered and gushed over him .
The she wolves practically fell at his feet .
Chapter 0032 Then , it was finally time for the dean to announce the winner of this years top student award along with the scholarship award .
The winner of this years award goes to ….
He said as he opened the envelope .
He smiled thoughtfully when he read the name and then turned to look at us .
Judy Montague ! The audience went wild as my heart leaped into my throat .
could hardly believe this was happening ! I won the scholarship ! That meant I wasnt going to have to worry about school and making loan payments next year because I got a scholarship ! My eyes found Nans who was hopping up and down and clapping the loudest .
My smile was wide as I stood to my feet .
Gavin was watching me with a perplexed look on his face and I hated not knowing what he was thinking .
Was he proud of me ? I wanted to laugh at that ridiculous thought .
Of course , he wasnt proud of me .
Why would he be ? I wasnt anything to him .
I brushed the thought out of my head and walked across the stage and to the podium .
I shook the deans hand and took the envelope from him .
The dean started by telling everyone about how I deserved this reward the most not only because Im the top strident , but because of my familys financial problems and how I could benefit from this scholarship .
Now it was one last thing I had to worry about .
I should have been mortified that he took it upon himself to announce such a thing to the entire school , but I wasnt .
They were already talking about it anyways .
Congratulations , Judy .
You deserve this .
Would you like to make a speech ? He asked .
Thank you , I told him .
Yes , I would like that .
I turned to the podium and smiled as the cheering continued .
Just as it started to silence and I was about to speak into the mic , I heard a loud voice coming from behind me .
Thats enough ! Judy Montague is a fake !! I whipped around to see Carol standing up from her seat and staring at me .
I was too stunned to say anything , but the murmur quickly began .
Miss Declaire , what is this about ? The Dean asked , narrowing his eyes .
She put her hands on her hips and continued to glare at me Judy doesnt deserve this award , Carol smeared .
Shes unworthy of this scholarship !
###Take 33
Chapter 0033 Judys POV When I first realized Carol was no longer my friend , back in middle school , it was a few days after the spelling bee contest .
She only missed one letter in the word Necessary and it cost her the competition .
It was only a small competition for middle schoolers , but she took it to heart , and she never forgave me for taking the prize from her .
She acted like she was still my friend though ; she congratulated me and even hugged me .
The school was going to host a mock ceremony for the reward a couple of days later .
My adoptive mother had me wear a pretty dress and even helped me write a speech .
Not many people know this about me , but I suffer from a condition called dyslexia .
Reading and writing was difficult for me .noveldrama
I often get my letters mixed up ; reading out loud during school was a complete nightmare for me .
entire life .
Most knew I had trouble reading out loud , but they never understood why .
I hid this condition my I prepared for months for this spelling bee , and I wasnt expecting to win .
Thanks to years of training and therapy , I can manage my dyslexia way better now .
It only made me work that much harder and I managed to hide my condition from almost everybody .
The only ones who knew about this disorder were Nan who had been my best friend since elementary school , my adoptive parents , and unfortunately Ethan .
I confessed it to him after he marked me .
I didnt want there to be secrets between us .
Carol , like the rest of the school , only knew that I had trouble reading and writing , but she didnt know the reason .
She also knew how hard I prepared for that spelling bee because we often trained together .
After I won , she spent time with me while I repeatedly went over the speech my mother and I made for the award ceremony .
I had a bit of trouble reading it out loud , but I eventually got it down and I was confident in my ability to read it in front of others .
When I was announced as the spelling bee winner during the mock award ceremony , and was about to make my speech , I noticed that every word on the paper differed .
Someone had switched it out and made most of the words unreadable .
I stood in front of the school , stuttering over each word and struggling to comprehend what was on the paper .
I had never been more embarrassed .
The kids were brutal and started to laugh ; my eyes found Carols , and she smirked at me .
At that moment , I knew this was her doing .
Then , some of the new friends she made walked up to me and dumped a bucket of glue on my head .
Before the principal could intervene , it was Carol who stood in front of me .
You stole my prize .
You dont deserve to win .
I saw your notebook .
You had every word written down and memorized .
You cheated ! She sneered .
Then slje threw handfuls of glitter at me , branding me as a cheater .
I didnt cheat … I only studied .
She could have done the same thing .
I needed the extra help , and I utilized the material given to me .
The entire school erupted in laughter and chanted that I was a cheater .
They also made fun of me for not being able to read .
The principal ushered Carol and her friends away , and Nan came to my side to help and defend me .
Nan was already my friend prior to this , but that was the day she became my truest best friend .
That was also the day I told her about my dyslexia .
Carol only got a slap on the wrist because of her famous mother and rich father , Chapter 0033 I vowed to never feel that vulnerable again .
My parents got the into therapy sessions where they helped me with my condition and I studied twice as hard every single day .
I hadnt thought about that day in a long time .
But as I stood in the middle of the stage , staring at all my peers , they were all silently watching me , wondering what I would do at that moment .
Would I defend myself ? Would I tell Carol that I deserved this scholarship ? I was speechless , just like that of the spelling bee ceremony Carol , this is quite a serious accusation , the dean said , folding his arms across his chest .
This is hardly the time and place for a scene .
I have proof that Judy doesnt deserve this reward , Carol said , stopping next to me .
She is a fake … a fraud .
I was stunned and speechless .
I know everybody was waiting for me to say something in my own defense , but I couldnt .
I was numb and confused .
I couldnt believe this was happening.
The dean also seemed to be at a loss .
He soon cleared his throat and straightened his posture .
How about we speak in my office , he finally stated .
It would be better if we did this more privately .
Fine by me , Carol said , narrowing her eyes as she glared at me .
I would be happy to show you the proof .
The dean nodded and ushered us out of the ceremony room .
He paused by his assistant who was watching us with large eyes .
He whispered something to her , and she nodded her understanding .
I followed the dean , keeping my head low as everyone murmured around me .
###Take 34
Chapter 0034 Is she really unworthy of the scholarship ? Her silence speaks volumes ! Why isnt she defending herself  My head lifted slightly as I passed Nan ; her eyes were wide and filled with worry .
She gave me a small and confident smile when our eyes locked and I felt a little lighter knowing she was in my corner .
We made our way outside and we walked in silence as we reached the administration office .
The deans office was on the top floor , so we had to take the stairs .
Take a seat , ladies , the dean said as he sat on his desk chair .
I sat down beside Carol , and she was quick to pull out her phone .
She had a sneer on her lips , and I knew she was up to something that I wasnt going to expect .
A tight knot formed in the pit of my stomach and my heart thudded rapidly against my ribcage .
There was a knock on the door , drawing our attention elsewhere .
Enter , the dean said , leaning back in his seat .
One of my professors walked into the room ; he was my defense training professor and someone I looked up Carol was also in that class .
to .
For some reason , seeing him made me sigh in relief .
It was nice to see a familiar and friendly face during this high -tension time .
Professor Rodgers , what can I do for you ? The dean asked , raising his brows at the professor .noveldrama
Ive come to offer my guidance and support , he said , walking into the room and leaving the door open a crack .
I think of myself as a mentor figure to these girls and Id like to be here during this conversation if youll allow it .
The dean nodded his head thoughtfully .
Of course , he said , motioning for an empty seat .
Professor Rodgers walked towards the seat ; his eyes refusing to meet mine .
The dean finally turned his attention to Carol and cleared his throat , getting her attention .
You said you have proof that shes been disloyal ? The dean asked .
Carol straightened her posture as she swiped across the screen on her phone .
Check this out , Carol hissed .
Judy doesnt need this scholarship .
Shes rich and has all the money in the world .
She got into a luxury car last night .
Only rich people can get rides from cars of this status .
The scholarship should go to someone in need .
Is her family even struggling at all ? Or was it some big ploy to gain sympathy ? She pulled up a picture of me getting into the car that Gavin had sent to me last night .
I knew I was being watched ; I could feel it .
But I decided to ignore it at the time and now it seemed like it was going to bite me in the ass The dean examined the photo for a moment , his brows furrowed together .
He then looked at me and I watched his Jips press in a thin line .
Where exactly do you work , Miss Judy ? He asked , raising his brows .
Chapter 0034 I couldnt tell him where I worked or who I worked for because of that contract I signed for Gavin .
I wasnt sure what to say or how to redeem myself .
The dean grew suspicious of my silence but before he could say anything , Professor Rodgers cleared his throat .
Its clear that we really dont know who Judy Montague is he said , folding his arms across his chest .
My heart fell deep into my stomach as I turned to look at him .
What was he doing ? What was he trying to say ? If she would lie about something like this , how do we know she isnt lying about other stuff ? I always found it suspicious that she was so good at almost everything .
Shes probably paying someone to help her cheat .
I think we should look more into that , sir .
Surely , we cant allow someone disloyal to remain at this school .
I gasped at his words ; he was supposed to be someone I considered a mentor .
But it seemed he wanted me to get expelled from this school .
I could see the satisfaction on Carols face as she folded her arms across her chest and leaned back in her seat .
Its a serious accusation .
What do you have to say for yourself , Miss Judy ? The dean asked , his brows raising to his hairline .
Before I begin this investigation , do you have anything youd like to say in your defense ? I opened my mouth to speak , but no words came out .
You cant seriously be considering expelling her because she got into a luxury car , are you ? A deep voice spoke from the doorway .
I didnt need to turn around to see who was standing there ; I could smell his incredible cologne , and my heart immediately skipped a beat upon hearing his deep tone .
The dean paled upon seeing who was standing at the entrance of his office , leaning against his doorframe Alpha Gavin , the dean said , bowing his head slightly , Gavin walked into the room ; a couple of his Gamma warriors remained at the doorway .
Its from my understanding that Miss Montague is an outstanding student and more than deserves this reward , Gavin said , narrowing his eyes .
However , I did get some inside intel that Miss Declaire had cheated on her last several tests by paying someone to take exams for her .
###Take 35
0035 Judys POV Carols face paled immediately upon hearing Gavins words I could see the panic on her face as she tried to desperately come up with a story to justify her actions .
I knew Carol was a lot of things , but a cheater ? She had always worked so hard to get to where she was and a part of me still admired her for it despite the fact that we hadnt gotten along since middle school .
But now I was seeing her in a whole new light .
She cheated on pass them .
her exams , forcing someone to take the tests for her so she would I didnt understand why though .
Carol was incredibly smart and more than capable of getting these exams done herself , and she still passed with flying colors .
So why would she have someone else take these exams for her ? L.noveldrama
I dont understand , the dean said , narrowing his eyes at Carol .
Is this true ? N … no , she stammered , her nerves evident .
Its not true I swear ! She tried to explain .
A new presence appeared in the room , and I recognized him as Beta Taylor , I only met him briefly , but he seemed like a nice enough guy .
I have the reports you requested , he told Gavin , handing him a piece of paper ..
Gavin looked over the paper , his eyes fixated on each word that passed his vision .
His lips were set in a hard line .
His expression was hard to read , and I wondered if this had anything to do with Carol and the accusations : He cleared his throat and stepped towards the desk ; without sparing me a look , he handed the dean the paper .
This is proof that Carol had been cheating , he stated simply .
How did she manage to ace this test with flying colors when she wasnt even in the class to take it ? Its strange that she can be in two places at once , isnt it ? Theres also proof of transaction along with the students names.
The deans brows furrowed in surprise .
L.
its not what it looks like … she stammered nervously .
You can do further investigating , but thats what my Beta was able to find under such short notice , Gavin continued .
We hav have no tolerance for cheating , the dean said firmly as he glared at Carol .
One of her classes happens to be yours professor , Gavin said , readjusting his gaze to look at Professor Rodgers .
Are you saying that you never noticed she hadnt been attending class ? Yet you still pass her .
The professor paled as he looked at Carol .
I realized that they were in this together and my lips press in a thin line .
I stared at the ground , unsure of what to say or what to do at this moment .
Things were too awkward , and I just wanted the ground to open and swallow Miss Judy , how about you head to the feast ? I had my assistant send everyone there to begin the celebration , the dean said , his eyes remaining fixated on Carol ; bouncing between her and the Professor .
I wasnt sure my legs would work if I tried .
But as soon as I looked up at Gavin , he gave me a curt nod .
I felt my entire body unfreezing and let out the breath I hadnt known I was holding Chapter 0035 I stood to my feel .
Thank you , I managed to murmur before I left the office ; I didnt bother sparing any of them another look .
When I reached the dining hall where the feast was being held , I was met with a ton of strange stares .
Everybody was whispering amongst themselves about me , wondering if I got in trouble or if my reward had been revoked .
Hope you all got a good show , Nan said loudly , drawing everyones attention to her as she stood in the center of the room .
How about you gossip about something different now .
Everyone looked amongst themselves , their bantering continuing .
###Take 36
Chapter 0036 Nan only rolled her eyes and made her way over to me , wrapping her arms around me and pulling me in for a hug .
Are you okay ? she asked me , her voice low and for my eats alone .
I nodded , feeling the burning sensation of unshed tears in the back of my eyes .
I refused to let them fall right here though ; I wasnt going to let my peers see me break .
Yeah , it was just a misunderstanding , I told her .
Did Gavin do anything to help ? She asked .
I raised my brow , surprised by her question .
Why would he do anything to help ? I asked , trying not to sound too awkward She smirked and nudged my shoulder as we made our way through the dining hall and toward an empty table .
Because he ran after you guys so fast ; barking orders at his Beta to find information out on Carol , she explained .
He looked pissed , and I have a feeling its because he wanted to protect his darling Judy .
I knew she was teasing , but her words caused heat to flare on my cheeks .
You are being ridiculous , I murmured .
Im not his darling Judy .
We almost slept together once and havent spoken about it since .
Whatever you say , she chuckled .
A waitress stopped by the table and handed us a glass of champagne .
Just what I needed right now , a little alcohol .
I took a long and steady sip of the drink , wincing at the bitter taste .
I really wasnt a fan of champagne , but I needed something to take the edge off .
Lets just enjoy the rest of the party , she said , giving me a faint smile .
He didnt revoke your reward , did he ? I shook my head .
No , he didnt , I answered .
But I never got to make my speech .
Im kind of bummed about that .
Im sorry that bitch ruined your mornent , Nan pouted .
Karma will come back around and bite her in the ass .
Im sure of it .
I took another long sip of the champagne until the glass was empty .
I need another one of these , I murmured .
Its an open bar , she said , motioning towards the bar .
Its sponsored by the Landry Foundation , as is this entire award ceremony .
I found gh the grapevine that Gavin is a huge shareholder in this school .
He pretty much owns the place .
I raised my brows at her words ; this was new information to me as well .
I walked over to the bar to get another drink .
Congratulations on the reward , a man said from beside me .
When I turned , I saw Alpha Edward seated beside me .
Alpha Edward was an Alpha to a smaller nearby pack , and he also always attended these types of ceremonies , as did a ton of other nearby Alphas if they had pack members who were candidates .
Chapter 006 You dont think Im unworthy ? I asked , feeling the impact of the alcohol as I continued to sip my drink .
I think if anyone deserved this reward , it would be you , he said , winking at me .
I was rooting for you .
I appreciate that , Alpha , I told him .
One of the candidates belonged to Edwards park , so Im surprised he was rooting for me and not her .
But I chose not to say anything about it .
Can I buy you another drink ? He asked .
Its an open bar .
Then , let me order you another drink , he rephrased .
I was on my second glass and already feeling a bit dizzy , but wasnt going to pass up the offer , I just wanted to numb the pain and embarrassment , Yes , that would be great .noveldrama
Thank you , I told him .
Can we get the lady something a little stronger ? She seems to need it , He said to the bartender .
How about a tequila shot ? Iknew that was a dangerous road to travel , but I found mys If nodding my head , not fully caring that I was probably making a huge mistake ,
###Take 37
Chapter 0037 Ill take care of you tonight , Alpha Edward told me softly , Dont worry about a thing .
You just focus on having fun and forget about that terrible ceremony .
I smiled , grateful to him .noveldrama
After my 3 ( rd ) tequila shot , I could barely walk .
As soon as slid off the barstool , I nearly fell to the ground .
Thankfully , Alpha Edward was there to catch me .
He had his arms wrapped around my body and my face was pressed against his chest as he caressed my back almost lovingly .
I had a weird feeling about his touch , and I didnt particularly like it , but I was too far gone to do anything about it .
Come on , you can come home with me , he whispered into my ear .
I could hardly even feel my lips so I remained silent .
He was practically dragging me out of the dining hall .
I couldnt use my feet , so most of my weight was being supported by Alpha Edward .
I briefly wondered where Nan was , but I brushed the thought out of my mind as we reached the doorway and the Alpha lifted me off the ground cradling me bridal style .
My head fell limp against his chest .
I murmured something incoherent , and I felt the rumbling of his chest as he chuckled .
Alpha ! I heard a female saying as he rushed towards us .
I kept my eyes closed because the entire room was spinning , so I wasnt sure who it was , but her voice sounded so familiar .
What are you doing ? You shouldnt be taking this girl anywhere .
Shes far too drunk .
We are too consenting adults , Alpha Edward told her simply .
Its her choice and she clearly wants to go with Ine Before she could say anything , another voice spoke in a low and threatening tone .
Walk away before I break your arms and legs .
Alpha Edward tensed immediately .
I tried to stop him , Sir , the woman said .
 When I opened my eyes slightly , I saw that she was the dears assistant , Gavin stood beside her ; his eyes fixed on me .
Alpha Edward held me even tighter .
Its okay , Alpha .
I know her quite well .
Ill take her home I wont ask you again , Gavin said through his teeth .
Or your title will be stripped from you , and youll never be able to walk again .
I felt Alpha Edward shuddering as he stepped towards Gavin .
I felt the warm and familiar arms of Gavin as he wrapped them around my body , pulling me out of Edwards grasp .
I immediately clung to Gavin , pressing my face against his broad and warm chest , inhaling his scent .
I … I apologize , Edward said , bowing his head .
Gavin said nothing as he carried me away from Edward .
I felt the cold air outside the moment we were out of the I building .
A car pulled up in front of us and the back door opened .
Gavin slid me into the seat before getting in beside me , his arms still wrapped around me , keeping me close to him .
Heat spread across my cheeks as my hands roamed up his body .
He was so handsome in his suit and tie , I just wanted to undress him right then and there .
His scent and overall aura were so intoxicating that my mouth Chapter 0037 practically watered at the thought of having him , tasting him .
He put his hand over mine as I reached for his tie .
The space around me was still spinning , but a confidence like no other rose inside of me .
What are you doing ? He asked , his tone kept in a low whisper as if it pained him to speak .
My eyes were fixated on his tie as I used my other hand to loosen it .
I want you , I whispered to him .
And I know you want me too , Daddy .
I barely even sounded like myself , but didnt care .
His eyes darkened and just as I got his tie loose his phone rang
###Take 38
Chapter 0038 Gavins POV Her scent of Lavender and fresh vanilla was intoxicating .
Even drunk , she was oddly captivating .
But she was young , almost my daughters age and I wasnt someone who would take advantage of a young girl .
There was a reason she decided to drink so much tonight ; the last thing she needed was someone , old enough to be her father , to have his way with her .
I already saved her from one creep I refused to be another ..
I was almost grateful that my phone rang , interrupting wherever this was about to lead .
But when I saw the caller , I internally groaned .
I pushed Judy slightly so she would give me some space as I swiped across the screen .
Yes ? I said into the phone , ignoring Judys pout .
Is that any way to greet your mother ? My mother asked .
Im kind of in the middle of something , I told her , ignoring her comment .
Arent you always , she murmured .
Too busy to speak with your mother .
I gave birth to you and raised you , but you are too busy to take my calls .
Thats the thanks I receive ? I cant help but roll my eyes .
What is it you want , Mom ? I asked , trying to keep the annoyance out of my tone .
My mother had a way of bringing out my aggravation .
It wasnt that she wasnt a good mom ; we were pretty close growing up , though I was much closer to my father than anything .
My mother was always pushy though and she didnt stop until she got her way .
The day my father passed away , it only caused things to be worse .
She clung to me like I was her saving grace ; I suppose in a way , I was .
I was there for her when she needed me the most .
Its not like my sister , Sarah , really cared about anything or anybody other than herself .
She was too busy drowning her sorrows in a bottle of whiskey and taking drugs her abusive boyfriend would give her Meanwhile , my younger brother , Noah , moved to a different country to be with his mate about 19 or 20 years ago , and the two of them are currently raising a new family together .
Noah checks in once in a while and Ive gone to visit with him and his family a few times .
Ive even taken Matt and Irene to visit with them a couple of different times .
But my mother never bothered to visit them ; she resented him for leaving for 20 or so years and nothing he said would ever change her mind .
My mother was a stubborn woman and since my father died a few years ago , Its only gotten worse .
I was only calling to remind you about our family dinner tomorrow , she told me .
Your grandparents , along with my sisters and brother will be in town Im cooking a meal to welcome them .
I sighed ; its not that I forgot about the event , but something terrible always happens when they all get together .
My mother doesnt get along well with her sisters and her mother does nothing but criticize her .noveldrama
It makes my mother that much crazier .
Its always a shitshow .
She gets blamed for literally everything , including the fact that Sarah went off the deep end .
Ive remembered , I told her after a brief silence .
Ill be there .
You should bring Daisy with you , she blurted not too subtly .
Why would I do that ? Chapter 0038 Because she likes you , Gavin , my mother told me .
I always thought the two of you would make a good couple .
I think its about time you start dating seriously now , dont you think ? Enough with these one night stands and meaningless relationships .
Daisy is a proper woman and deserves to be treated as such .
My mother was a big advocate for Daisy Sparks , my late wifes sister .
I was never a fan of Daisy myself , but I understood why others were .
She was gorgeous and a famous fashion designer .
She was a strong and successful woman ; in another life , maybe I would give Daisy a shot .
But being around her reminded me too much of my wife .
They looked similar enough that it was unsettling .
My mother didnt seem to see it that way though .
I glanced over at Judy , and I saw that she had completely fallen asleep .
Her head was resting on the window and she was breathing heavily .
Im not interested in her , I said in a low tone .
I just want you to be happy , Gavin , my mother breathed , My romantic life isnt your concern , I told her , my voice firmed .
I will see you tomorrow .
Without another word , I hung up the phone .
Turning my attention back to Judy , she was still asleep .
Alpha , we have arrived , Leroy said as he rolled down the window separating the backseat from the front seat .
I nodded and slid out of the backseat , making my way to Judys side , I pulled the door open , catching her before she fell out of the car .
She weighed practically nothing when I lifted her into my arms as she rested her head on my chest and she made a satisfied noise , it went straight to my cock
###Take 39
Chapter 0039 internally cursed as I walked to her front door .
Her purse was on her shoulder , so I reached inside to grab a set of keys .
I was surprised at how dark her house was ; it was as if nobody else lived there , but I knew at least her mother should be home at this hour .
It was ghostly quiet , and it gave me an eerie feeling .
It didnt take me long to find the staircase upstairs and ever less time to find her room .
The scent of her room drove me in the right direction .
Her room was the perfect figment of who she was as a person .
Her academic awards were showcased on her wall ; her athletic achievements were on her bookcase across the room .
Clothes were scattered across her floor and draped over her desk chair .
She had a nice desktop computer setup and numerous textbooks and notebooks across her desk .
She had a photo of herself with her parents on her nightstand , and she looked so happy .
She also had a photo of herself with her friend Nan who I recognized from Carters Resort .
I didnt bother changing her out of her clothes ; I wasnt going to cross that line .
Instead , I tucked her into bed , making sure the covers were completely on top of her before I left .
You are late , my mother said as I walked into the house .
Im right on time , I told her , glancing at the clock .
If you arent early , then you are late , she told me , raising her brows .
Everyone is in the kitchen already , Dinner will be ready shortly .
Hi , Grandma , Irene said as she stepped around me and into the house .
My mothers face softened as she reached her arms out and wrapped my daughter in a hug .
Oh , Irene sweetie .
I thought you were going to be too busy to join us this evening .
Im so glad youre here , she breathed .
I wanted you to officially meet my fiancé , she said , motioning for Ethan to step beside her .
Ethan stepped closer and gave my mother a polite smile .
Its an honor to finally meet you , Mam , he said , bowing is head in respect .
My mother chuckled and put a hand on his cheek in a warm gesture .
Hes quite handsome , my mother said to Irene with a sly wink .
Irene blushed and wrapped her arm through Ethans , resting her head on his shoulder .
My mothers eyes found Matt and she smiled sweetly at him .
Hello , Matthew .
You are looking rather handsome yoursel , she added , motioning for Matt to come with her .
He looked up at me with uncertainty on his face .
He doesnt often come to my mothers house , but I insisted he come along for this dinner .
I gave him a short nod and followed my mother through the living room and into the kitchen .noveldrama
I motioned for Irene to do the same .
She took Ethans hand and pulled him along with her .
I sighed and followed the kids into the kitchen .
The moment I stepped into the kitchen , I wished I could have turned around and walked back out .
Gavin , youre here ! Daisy exclaimed as she walked around the table to greet me .
Chapter 0039 Beta Taylor was also there ; he was often invited to my mothers family events because hes been pretty much family my entire life .
I gave him a stern look and he gave me an apologetic smile for not warning me that Daisy was going to be here .
She immediately wrapped her arms around me and hugged me ; I shimmed out of her embrace .
What are you doing here , Daisy ? I asked , not bothering to hide the edge in my voice .
I invited her , my mother said , beaming up at Daisy .
I thought we already discussed this , Mom , I said through my teeth , my anger rolling off me in waves .
You know your mother and I have always been close friends , Daisy said , batting her lashes at me .
Me being here isnt any different than Beta Taylor being here , Gavin also assumed you would have come to your senses since the last time we spoke .
She folded her arms across her chest .
How about we just sit down for dinner , my mother suggested , ushering Daisy to her seat .
I stood , staring at the nicely set table and noticing that the only seat available was right next to Daisy .
I had to fight to control myself .
Taylor stepped beside me and leaned in so only I could hear his words .
Melissa died years ago , Alpha .
Perhaps your mother is onto something .
You should be moving on .
###Take 40
Chapter 0040 Judys POV What in the world happened last night ? How did I end up back in my bed ? I looked around with a frown , seemed unchanged , but there was a lingering scent that caused my heart to beat rapidly in my chest My head was killing me from all the alcohol I drank last night .
Why the hell would I drink so much ? nothing I slipped out of bed and walked into my bathroom ; I gasped when I saw my disheveled appearance .
My hair was a mess , my makeup was smeared across my face .
I had dark circles under my eyes , and I was so pale .
I touched my face and sighed .
I felt like death and now I looked like death too .
Groaning , I splashed some cold water onto my face .
Memories of last night started to come back to me and I gasped as I staggered backward .
I remembered vaguely one of the Alphas getting me drunk and trying to take me away from the ceremony .
Then I remembered Gavin appearing and getting me out of there .
He took me back to his car and then Oh , Goddess … no .
Panic struck me as the memory slammed into my head .
I threw myself at him ! Was he the one who brought me home ? Well , I was no longer pale .
I was now multiple shades of red and I felt completely and utterly sick .
I staggered out of the bathroom , unable to look myself in the face any longer .
All I could see when I looked into my own eyes was shame .
My purse was sitting on the end of the bed ; now I was understanding why my room had a different and yet familiar scent to it .
It was Gavins scent .
My heart skipped a beat knowing that he was inside of my bedroom .
Another wave of shame hit me when I looked around at all the clothes on my floor .
I hadnt had time to clean up this past week and I was seriously regretting that now .
I reached into my purse and grabbed my phone ; it was almost dead because it hadnt been charged all night .
As soon as I put it on the charger , the screen lit up and I saw that I had some text messages from Nan .
Nan : Where are you ? You told me you were getting a drink and then you disappeared .
Nan : Please tell me you are alive .
Nan : Im going to call the police , Judy ! Seriously , where are you  Nan : Okay , someone told me that Gavin took you home .
Are you okay ? How much did you have to drink ? Nan : Please call me when you get these messages .
I internally groaned ; I cant believe I just ditched her at the ceremony last night .
She was only there to support me , and I left her because I couldnt hold down my own liquor .
hated myself for that and I couldnt imagine how worried she must have been last night .
I immediately brought up her contact and pressed her name to call her .
Oh , my goddess .
Where the hell have you been , Judy ? Do you have any idea how worried I was ? Nan 1/2 Chapter 0040 immediately laid into me .
Im so sorry , Nan , I told her , closing my eyes as the memories continued to slam into my head .
I wanted to will them away but to no prevail .
Im not sure what happened The rumors are going around like crazy , she told me .
I heard you got drunk and made out with an Alpha .
Was it Gavin ? My heart nearly beat out of my chest ; had I made out with an Alpha last night ? I remembered Alpha Edward getting handsy with me and Gavin stepping in .
I remember hrowing myself at Gavin , but I dont remember actually kissing him or anyone for that matter .
I dont think that happened , I told her , chewing on my bettom lip .
At least I hope it didnt .
So , what did end up happening ? Did you actually leave with Alpha Gavin ? Yes , 1 murmured .
And I think I made a huge mistake last night , Nan .noveldrama
I dont know what to do .
Tell me about it , she urged .
What did you do ? If you didnt make out with him , Im assuming you didnt sleep with him either .
It cant be that bad , right ? Im not sure , I sighed .
I think I threw myself at him… She was quiet for a moment as she allowed my words to be processed in her mind .
And then what ? She asked .
And nothing … he rejected me .
I think he got a phone call or something .
I ended up falling asleep in the car and the next thing I knew I was waking up in my bedroom.7
###Take 41
Chapter 0041 He put you to bed ? She asked , I could hear the smile in her voice .
In the most nonsexual way possible , I told her .
I was still fully clothed .
Ouch , she murmured .
What am I going to do , Nan ? I made a complete fool out of myself in front of a Lycan You were drunk , you cant blame yourself for something you did while drunk .
Im sure Gavin Landry will understand , she assured me , trying to sound reassuring , but I could tell she was uncertain as well .
Besides , its not like you are trying to impress the Lycan .
I chewed the inside of my cheek and internally groaned .
I couldnt tell her that Gavin was my boss and that I needed to impress him and keep him happy in order to keep my job .
I suppose , I murmured ; she could hear the uncertainty clear in my tone though and she sighed .
We dont have school today , do you have tutoring ? She asked .
No , I told her .
Thankfully , its my day off .
Good ; we need a girls day ! Lets go into the city and do some shopping .
I rolled my eyes .
I dont have shopping money , Nan , I reminded her .
Then , lets window shop and get some dinner , she suggested .
I have to get a few things anyways and I could use some company .
Please … I miss you and I want to hang out You saw me yesterday , I chuckled .
Its not the same and you know it , she muttered I want to hang out not in a school setting .
Okay , I relented .
Lets hang out today .
Let me just get dressed .
Ill pick you up in an hour ! 1 The hour flew by quickly , by the time I finished getting dressed for the afternoon , Nan was already pulling into the driveway .
I grabbed my purse , shouldering it , and quickly ran out of the house to greet Nan .
She was smiling at me from the drivers seat when I slid into the passengers seat .
Hows your mom doing ? She asked as she pulled away from the house and headed towards the city .
The same as she has been since my father was faken away I confessed .
I think shes majorly depressed and Im not sure what to do about it .
Isnt your father her true mate ? She asked .
I nodded and bit my lip .
Yes , I answered .
I dont blame her for being upset .
I just wish there was something I could do to help her .
Im sorry you guys have to go through that , Nan said with a frown .
After a beat of silence , we decided to change the topic and talk about something lighter .
It didnt take us long to reach the city .
She already had an idea of the stores she wanted to go to .
Chapter 0041 So , what exactly are we shopping for ? I asked as we exited the car and started walking through the busy streets .
My sisters birthday is next month and shes throwing this huge party in a penthouse , she explained .
I need something to wear for the event .
Plus , I need to find her a birthday present .
Something she would really like .
Nans older sister , Natalia , or as most call her , Talia , liked all things luxurious .
She was a fashion model , so it made sense .
She was pretty much an icon around the world and owned a couple of different homes , one of which happened to be a penthouse in the heart of the city .
For the most part , Nan and Talia got along fine , but I could always tell that Nan was envious of Talia because she always got what she wanted .noveldrama
We should find an outfit for you as well because I need you to come with me to the party , she told me , draping an arm through mine as she walked towards a boutique .
I frowned .
I told you , I dont have shopping money , I reminded her This is really important to me , Judy , she said with a pour And my father getting out of prison is important to me , Nan , I told her firmly .
I need to prioritize and buying a trending outfit , is not a priority .
She opened her mouth to retort but closed it as soon as she saw who was walking out of the boutique .
Judy , is that you ? Irene asked as she made her way towards us with a big smiling face .
Oh hell .
###Take 42
Chapter 0042 Judys POV Irene , I greeted , thankful that I sounded stronger than I felt .
I wasnt expecting to see you here .
Oh , I was just getting some stuff for my upcoming wedding , she said , holding up her shopping bag .
She glanced at Nan .
And whos this ? I swallowed the lump in my throat ; the last thing I wanted was for Irene to be curious about Nan and try to take her too .
I knew it wasnt fair of me to blame Ethan for leaving me on Irene because shes as much a victim as I am if not more .
But I couldnt help myself .
Whenever I look at Irene , I think about how my mate left me for her .
I grimaced at the very thought of him touching her the way that he used to touch me .
We were so in love at one point ; he was my fated mate and we were supposed to be together forever .
It was written on the star ; it was the Goddess who paired us together .
But she had made a grave mistake .
Or maybe it was Ethan who had taken the wrong turn .
My chest continued to ache even after I swore , I was over him .
Does one ever truly get over their mate though ? This is my best friend , Nan , I told her , motioning for Nan who gave Irene a quizzical look .
Nan already knew all about Irene and I didnt have to explain who she was .
Irene held out her hand to shake Nans and Nan only stared at it for a brief moment , a frown marring her perfectly glossed lips .
I had to nudge Nan slightly on the arm to snap her out of her stupor because Irene couldnt know that something was wrong .
Nan hesitantly lifted her hand and placed it in Irenes .
Its nice to meet you , Nan said with a forced smile .
Hello , Nan , Irene said cheerfully , not noticing that anything was wrong or weird .
Im Irene Landry .
Gavin Landrys daughter and Ethan Cashs fiancé .
Its so very nice to meet you .
I could see Nan struggling to keep her calm , but she managed just fine and dipped her head in respect .
And its an honor , Miss Landry , she said with a slight bite in her words .
What are you girls up to ? She asked , looking between us 1 glanced at Nan who gave me a slight shrug just before looking back at Irene .
We were just shopping , I answered .
Its kind of a girls day , Nan added .
Something flashed in Irenes eyes that I couldnt quite understand .
Oh , I see , she said thoughtfully .
Ive never had a girls day before .
I guess I never really had friends to do that type of thing with .
I raised my brows ; I found it difficult to believe she never had friends .
I mean , she was Irene Landry after all .
Youve never had friends ? Nan asked , mimicking my thoughts .
Trene shrugged casually , looking a bit troubled Not real ones , she admitted .noveldrama
I guess people are just intimidated by me or something .
Its no big deal ..
Chapter 0042 She bit her lip and stared at the ground .
I looked at Nan again ; I knew Irene wanted an invite to our shopping spree and 1 could tell Nan was thinking the same thing because she gave me a slight head shake when I met her eyes .
I grabbed Nans arm and turned back to Irene .
Well , it was nice seeing you again , Irene .
We should be going now , I told her as I pulled Nan alongside me .
Oh , Irene said , sounding disappointed .
Okay , I guess I see you later .
I nodded and waved over my shoulder and continued dragging Nan down the street , ignoring that Irenes eyes were burning a hole in the back of my head .
Shes certainly an interesting character , Nan murmured as we entered the boutique .
Certainly , I agreed .
We spent the evening shopping for Nan and getting Talia albirthday present .
Nan settled on a gorgeous ruby bracelet with a heart charm ; she got Talias name engraved on the charm .
After we went shopping , we went to a restaurant for dinner Thanks for going out with me today , Nan said as she dropped me back at the house .
I smiled at her .
You dont have to thank me , I told her .
I love hanging out with you , She smiled ; we hugged , and I left her car to return to my dark and quiet house .
Its been exceptionally quiet since my father was taken .
My mother had hardly left her room in the last couple of days .
I checked on her this morning , but she didnt seem to want to talk .
If I cant get her out of Her room tomorrow , Ill probably end up calling her doctor to make a home visit .
She couldnt keep going on like this ; it wasnt good for her .
She was wasting away before my eyes , and I was so worried about her
###Take 43
Chapter 0043 Nan had a good idea during dinner to maybe go and see my father in prison ; perhaps he could give me some insight on how to handle his mate .
I wasnt sure if that was something I was ready for .
But after I got out of school the next day , I decided to give it a shot and see if I could speak with my father .
Sorry , Mam .
We were told not to let you enter , one of the guards at the front entrance of the person said , folding his arms across his chest .
I frowned , staring up at him with confusion on his face .
Im sorry , what ? I asked , confused .
Its a prison .
Im in the visitor section ; I have every right to be here .
I need to see my father .
His frown deepened as he took a look at his clipboard and then he shook his head .
I have strict instructions to keep Judy Montague away from the prison , he told me .
Theres nothing I can do about it .
Im sorry but Im going to have to ask you to leave ! I was about to open my mouth and say something again , but another voice sounded behind me .
And who exactly gave you those orders ? If it was any type of Alpha , I assure you , they did not get the permission of my father before stating such a rule .
Is there a reason my friend cant visit with her own father ? Irene asked , folding her arms across her chest .
L … uh … Miss Landry , the guard stammered , bowing his head to Irene .
W … what are you doing here ? I happened to be driving by when I saw Judy entering the prison .
I followed her to see what she was doing , and I happened to overhear your conversation , she confessed .
Now Im going to ask you again … why cant she visit with her own father ? I was shocked that Irene was here , and she was helping me I had a feeling I knew who gave the guards the order , he most likely paid them off too .
It was Ethan Something from the way the guard was looking at her , I could tell he didnt want to tell her this information either .
Everybody now knew she was engaged to him and upsetting Irene was not in this guards best interest .
He glanced at me and then back at Irene .
I didnt know you two were friends , he said with a nervos laugh .
Of course , she can see her father .
I was mistaken .
He stepped aside , allowing me entrance into the prison .
I looked at Irene who was still staring at the guard .
I wanted to say something to her , but the words failed me .
Instead , I nodded my head at her and then walked past the guard and into the prison Another guard walked me into the visitor center where I sat at a table , nervously fiddling with my fingers until the doors swung open and my father walked into the room .
No touching , one of the guards on standby instructed me I nodded and bit my lip as my father walked towards me .
As he came into view , my entire heart fell deep into my stomach .
I sucked in a sharp breath when I saw his bruised and bleeding face .
He was beaten so badly that he was hardly recognizable .
My heart squeezed painfully in my chest as I looked into his bloodshot eyes .
Judy … he croaked ; his voice raspy like it pained him to speak .noveldrama
You came ..
Oh ; Dad … I whispered , tears filling my eyes .
Im so sorry this happened to you … Chapter 0043 He gave me a sad and pained smile as he lowered himself into the seat in front of me .
I took my seat as well ; 1 couldnt seem to take my eyes off him .
He was no longer the strong and confident man I knew to be my adoptive father … he looked almost weak and broken .
He was the shell of the man he used to be and that thought alone destroyed me I never thought I would see you again , he whispered .
Im sorry it took me so long … He shook his head , sadness crossing his eyes .
This isnt the type of place you should be in , Judy .
I dont blame you for staying away … ! 13 I couldnt stop the tears from escaping my eyes .
They soaked over my cheeks and dripped off my chin .
I hated seeing him in this position ; I wrapped my arms around my body to hold myself together .
Hows your mother ? My father asked , snapping my attention back to him .
Not good , Dad … I whispered .
Thats mainly why Im here .
Shes not happy .
I think she has gone depressed and Im not sure what to do … I was hoping that maybe you could help me ?
###Take 44
Chapter 0044 Judys POV There was clear sadness in my fathers eyes as he watched me plead for my mother .
I knew it was breaking his heart that he couldnt be there with her to hold and comfort her .
He used to tell me stories about the first time he ever saw her and how in love he was .
He knew right away that she was his fated mate even before his wolf told him .
There wasnt a day that went by that I didnt feel the love that they had for one another .
He lifted his arms to show me the silver cuffs around his wrists and I grimaced , seeing the burn marks the silver had left on him .
Silver was dangerous against werewolves and blocked the wolves from the humans .
Ive been blocked from your mother , so I cant feel her , my father told me sadly .
Mates arent meant to be apart like this , so her wolf is probably in agony , taking your mother with her .
I wish there was something I could do , but there isnt .
Not while Im in here at least .
The most you can do right now is to be there for her and remind her that you love her .
I nodded as tears filled my eyes .
I didnt want to tell him that every time I tried to speak to my mother the only thing , she wanted to talk about was Ethan and how I was disrespectful towards him .
I didnt want to tell him that my fated mate is engaged to be married to another woman and in order for him to help our family , I need to be his mistress and drop out of school .
My stomach twisted at the very thought .
My father was going through enough as it was and didnt need this type of drama in his life as well .
I love you , Dad , I settled on , giving him a sad smile .
And I miss you every day .
I love you too , Judy , he said in return .
He reached his hand over to touch mine which was resting on the table but the guard cleared his throat .
No touching .
My father sighed and leaned back in his seat .
How have you been ? Hows school going ? He asked .
I bit my lower lip ; I wanted to tell him about my new job , I wanted to tell somebody .
I needed someone to talk to .
But I couldnt because of that contract Gavin made me sign Schools going great , I told him .
I even got a tutoring job .
It pays decent .
Im saving so I can get you out of prison .noveldrama
He gave me a sad smile and sighed ..
Dont waste your money on me , Judy .
Besides , I dont think a tutoring job is going to be enough to pay the debt owed .
I couldnt tell him how much I was actually making at this job because then he would ask me more questions about it and I couldnt answer any of his possible questions Time is up , the guard said , interrupting my thoughts .
Tell your mother that I love her very much and that I will see her soon , my father said , as he stood to his feet .
Im sorry I couldnt be more helpful .
Tears spilled down my cheeks and I wiped them away with the back of my hand .
Chapter 0044 I will , I assured her .
Take care of yourself .
He nodded , giving me another sad smile before the guard dragged him away .
Another guard appeared in the room .
moments later to escort me to the front of the building where the entrance was .
I thanked him for allowing me to see my father , but he barely even spared me a look .
1 sighed and walked the rest of the way outside , freezing when I saw a familiar face staring at me from the bottom .
of the steps near a pink Porche 718 Boxster .
I didnt know much about cars , but I knew that was the newest model .
I wasnt surprised to see that there was also a custom license plate that read : Irene .
Hey , Irene said as I reached the bottom step .
Do you like it ? I just picked it up at the dealership a couple of hours ago .
Its beautiful , I told her honestly .
What are you still doing here ? I figured she would have left by now , so I was surprised she was waiting for me when I finished speaking with my father .
She shrugged casually .
You have tutoring today , right ? She asked .
1 n?dded in response .
Let me give you a ride , she told me , motioning for the car .
Itll give us a chance to get to know one another .
better .
I frowned at that idea ; the thought of getting to know the woman my mate was marrying , left an unsettled feeling in the middle of my stomach .
But I could also tell that there was very little I could say to get me out of this situation .
Besides , I really didnt want to spend the money on an Uber if I didnt have to .
That would be nice , I told her , giving her a small smile .
Thank you , Irene .
She nodded and ran around to the drivers side , pulling the door open .
I pulled open the passenger door and slid into the car .
Even her seats had custom covers .
It was a gorgeous car and it screamed Irene in every way possible .
I had no doubt in my mind that Gavin was the one who bought her this car .
###Take 45
Chapter 0045 She put her seatbelt on , and I did the same .
Then , she put the car in drive and drove off toward Gavins Villa .
Im sorry if my brother is too much , she said after a beat of silence .
Hes chased off every tutor hes ever had .
Im not sure whats wrong with that boy .
He seems great to me , I told her honestly .
I honestly think he just craves attention and will get it any way that he can .
With Gavin being a busy Lycan chairman and Alpha of his own pack , and you being … engaged … I think he feels a bit lonely .
I stumbled when I said the word engaged , it was weird talking to Irene about this , but she didnt seem to notice my hesitation .
I suppose I have been preoccupied with this wedding , she sighed .
I just love Ethan so much that spending any time away from him is upsetting to both me and my wolf .
I blanched at her words ; I definitely did not want to talk about this with her .
But then something she said caught my attention .
Your wolf ? I asked her .
She let out a small laugh .
Yeah ; dont get me wrong , we both know that Ethan is not our fated mate , but hes been so sweet and tentative towards us since the day we met that it doesnt even matter .
My wolf claimed him as ours and I would have to agree with her .
I felt sick to my stomach hearing her confession .
I stared at my hands , not sure what to say .
She seemed to have sensed this because she glanced at me as we stopped at a traffic light .
Have you ever been in love ? I was startled by her question and when I looked up at her , saw her watching me with a small frown on her lips and curiosity on her face .
I didnt want to lie to her , but couldnt tell her the whole truth either .
If I did , it would make this weird , hurt her , and it would ruin my chances at this job .
I thought so , 1 admitted .noveldrama
But he didnt love me in the same way .
I could see a flash of sadness in her eyes .
The honk coming from the car behind us alerted Irene that the light was now green .
She pressed the gas , and we continued towards the Villa ; I could see it in the distance .
It was large and gorgeous .
We neared the pack borders , and the Silver Creserit pack guards didnt bother stopping us , recognizing Irenes signature car .
They bowed their heads at her and she gave them a polite smile as she drove past them and onto Gavins parklands .
Hes an idiot for not loving you , Irene told me after a bear of silence .
You seem like a great girl and any guy would be lucky to have you .
I didnt respond to her kind words ; I stared out the window and watched the buildings and trees pass by .
It didnt take long to reach the villa .
Irene parked the car and we boll got dut .
Thank you for the ride , Irene , I told her .
I wont keep you , though .
Im sure you have more wedding planning She nodded , looking thoughtful .
I have so much to do .
But Ethan has a meeting today , so Ive been left kind of alone, she said , giving me a sad smile .
But I know you are busy , so do your thing .
Maybe we can talk more later ? I nodded , not sure what more to say .
I turned and walked into the Villa .
Chapter 0045 Good evening , Adam said as I passed him at the front entrance .
I gave him a look , which I knew wasnt very welcoming .
I thought Adam and I could be friends when I first started , but after that stunt , he pulled when he tried to get me fired , I wasnt sure if I could actually trust him or not .
We havent spoken since that incident ; Ive been making sure to keep a distance from him .
Is Matt around ? I asked him .
Hes out back , practicing his sparring , he explained .
Hes nervous about his combat class next week .
He has a test .
Matt mentioned the combat class to me briefly ; apparently , they are making him pair up with someone bigger than him and hes worried hes going to make a fool out of himself .
I met up with Matt outside and together , we practiced his sparring .
I taught him a few new moves that would help him with his test next week.
Within the hour , he was performing exceptionally .
We practiced with swords mostly and he handled the weapon professionally .
Try to de sword me , I told him .
Take it from my grip .
He did exactly what I asked and before I knew what was happening , he used the new moves I taught him to loosen the sword from my grip until it clattered to the ground .
He then had me exactly where he wanted me .
He swung the sword in my direction , careful not to cut my skin , however , he overshot his judgment , and the point of the sword snagged my blouse .
The tearing sound made him freeze .
###Take 46
Chapter 0046 Judys POV Matthew ! What have you o done  ho I heard Irene shrieking from the back porch steps .
I hadnt even known she was there , and I wondered how long she had been watchingus for .
I watched as Matts face turned pale and his eyes grew misty with unshed tears .
Im so sorry , Judy , he said , his bottom lip trembling I didnt mean to .
I- his voice trailed off as he hiccupped .
Sometimes I forget that hes just a little boy until moments like these .
My gaze softened and I gave him a small smile as I knelt down in front of him .
It was an accident , I told him , putting my hand on his shoulder and giving it a gentle squeeze .
I know you didnt mean to and Im not mad at you , Matt .
Dad is going to be so upset , he said in a low whisper , his gaze shifting downward .
Your father wont have to know a thing , I told him .
I wont say a word to him .
Itll be our secret .
Really ? He asked , lifting his gaze to meet mine .
I smiled .
Of course , I told him .
How about you get cleaned up ? Im sure the maids will have dinner ready for you shortly He wiped at his cheeks where a couple of tears had fallen and then he gave me a smile as he nodded .
Okay , he said gently .
He turned and walked back towards the villa .
I sighed and stood up , brushing the dirt off my pants .
You are really good with him , Irene said as she walked towards me .noveldrama
Ive never seen anyone like that with him .
Its no wonder he likes you .
I guess Im just good with kids , I said , shrugging casually .
I turned towards my bag that was resting against a tree nearby .
I grabbed it and started to clean up my stuff , fully aware that Irene was watching my every move ..
I think its something more , she said thoughtfully .
He sees something in you that he didnt see in the others .
Its fascinating honestly .
I couldnt help but smile at that thought .
oing to call Hes a special little boy and deserves the world , I told her I shouldered my bag and faced her .
Im going an Uber and get going .
Her eyes widened .
Η You cant leave with your shirt like that ! She said , staring down at the shirt that was barely hanging on my body .
Thankfully , I was wearing a sports bra underneath , but still … I felt exposed and uncomfortable .
You are barely covered and the last thing you want is a stranger looking at you .
Come with me .
She didnt give me a choice ; she grabbed my arm and pulled me along with her towards the villa .
I didnt bother fighting her ; I let her pull me into the house and up the large stairs , I knew Gavin would be pissed that I was upstairs on their personal floor , but Irene didnt seem to care .
She continued to pull me along with her down the hallway until we reached a door , I assumed was her bedroom .
、 ? Chapter 0046 She pushed the door open and tugged me along with her until I practically stumbled into the room .
She then proceeded to shut the door behind me .
I wrapped my arms around my body , unsure of what to do or say .
I felt a little uncomfortable in her room and the first scent that slapped me in the face as soon as I stepped foot in here was Ethans .
I stared at the bed that I knew theyd shared numerous times in the past and my stomach twisted at the very thought .
On her nightstand was a picture of her and Ethan holding one another , looking into each others eyes like they meant the world to each other .
I would have to give credit where it was due .
Ethan was a great actor .
I knew he didnt care about Irene ; he was only using her to solidify his role as Alpha It wasnt fair to Irene and a part of me wanted to warn her about him , but it wasnt my place .
It would only hurt her and there was a big chance she wouldnt even believe the I turned away from the picture and watched as she rummaged through her closet .
You really dont have to do this , I told her ; I was seconds away from backing out of this room , not sure how long I could handle being in here any longer .
Nonsense , she told me from over her shoulder .
Its no big deal .
Plus , you cant walk around without a proper shirt .
###Take 47
Chapter 0047 I knew she was right .
It took a few more minutes , but eventually , Irene found a blouse along with a skirt .
I frowned at the skirt and raised my eyebrows at her .
inting to my pants .
My pants are fine , I told her , pointing to my Yeah , but this blouse requires this skirt , she told me .
Trust me , I know fashion .
I bout them as a pair and they deserve to be worn as a pair .
I sighed and shook my head at her .
Dont you have a singular shirt that doesnt require any other attire ? I asked her .
Yes , but this would look so cute on you , she said , jetting out her bottom lip .
Humor me , Judy .
Try it on and if you hate it , you can change it into something else .
But I truly believe youll look gorgeous in this .
Im only going home , Irene .
I dont need to look gorgeous in anything , I reminded her .
She rolled her eyes and waved off my concern .
Please , she begged again .
I sighed and relented .
Okay , I finally said after a beat of silence .
She calmed her hands together and gave me the biggest smile as she handed me the blouse and skirt .
I had to admit , they were a cute combo , and I hated that I actually liked her clothing .
I hated that I liked her , but Irene made it difficult to hate her .
Ill give you some privacy to change and Ill be back in a few minutes , she told me , giving me a grateful and excited smile as she quickly hurried past me and out of the bedroom .
I sighed and stood in the middle of her room , feeling at a loss .
Ethans scent was so potent that if my eyes were closed , I would have thought he was standing in front of me Irenes bedroom reminded me of a teenage girls room ; it was clear that this had been her room since childhood .
since ch She had pictures on her dresser from prom , her date cut out of them .
She wore a tiara , indicating that she was in fact that prom queen .
She had cheerleading trophies on her bookshelf and posters of various singers on her walls .
The floor was made from hardwood with a big pink rug that matched her pink bedspread and curtains .
Knowing that Ethan spent numerous nights in bere made me sick to my stomach , I swallowed the bile that rose in my throat as I stripped off my remaining shirt .
I walked over to the trash barrel and put my shirt inside ; there was no saving it at this point .
I shimmied out of my pants , picking them up off the ground and folding them neatly , placing them on her bed as I took a look at the outfit , she insisted that I wore .
It was a cute outfit , but the way the blouse was cut on the tip , dipping into a V shape where my cleavage would be displayed , I knew my bra wouldnt look good underneath it wished I had a better bra on , but I certainly wasnt going to borrow Irenes .noveldrama
I also wasnt about to give her the chance to offer one of her bras to me .
1 lifted the bra over my head and tossed it onto the bed , my breasts breaking free from their restraints , I walked over to the full length mirror on the other side of the room and glanced at my body with a frown .
My breasts were full , and my hips were curvy ; my belly had small abs from all the core training I had done throughout the years , 1/2 Chapter 0047 but for the most part , I had a feminine look too .
I took pride in my body , Ive worked hard for this figure , and I was proud of it .
Any man would be lucky to get his hands on my body , Ethan was an asshole for not seeing that .
Then again , Irene was hot , and any man would be lucky to have her as well .
I sighed as I stepped into the skirt , sliding it over my hips .
It was short and showed off my legs perfectly .
Irene was a bit shorter and slimmer than me , so I wasnt surprised that the skirt fit smaller than it would have fit her .
But overall , it wasnt a bad look I walked back to the bed where I left the shirt and as soon as I was about to pick it up , the bedroom door swung open and I gasped , whirling around only to face Gavin .
###Take 48
Chapter 0048 Gavins POV I picked up the pink gems you requested , Beta Taylor said as I walked into the villa .
He held out a long black case to me and I took it without hesitation .
I opened it and smiled at the pretty string of pink gems .
This would look great on the mirror in Irenes new car .
She was going to love this .
I glanced at the clock and saw that it was turning into late evening .noveldrama
I was home earlier than usual ; even Adam took notice of my presence , but he wouldnt dare ask me about it since I ordered that he doesnt speak in my presence until I say otherwise .
Irene was most likely out with Ethan at this hour and Matt was probably finishing up with his tutoring session .
Was there anything else you needed before I head home ? Taylor asked , glancing at his wristwatch .
No , have a good night , I said to my long time friend and Beta .
Taylor grinned as he turned towards the door .
Yeah , you too , he said , his tone suggestive .
I rolled my eyes and watched as he left the villa .
Shaking my head , I turned towards the stairway and took the stairs two at a time .
There was no S in waiting for Irene to show up because if she was with Ethan , she probably wouldnt be returning tonight .
Shes been spending most of her nights at Ethans house ; sometimes he stays the night here and I pretend that I dont know about it .
I walked to her room , and I grabbed the doorknob ; Ill put this gift on her pillow for when she returns .
She wanted something special for her new car and I got her the perfect thing .
I couldnt wait for her to see this gift , but for now , I would have to be a little patient .
I pushed the door open and thats when the strong scent of lavender and vanilla hit my senses .
I completely froze when my eyes found a very startled Judy staring back at me .
Then , my eyes lowered , and I was greeted with two very bodacious sets of breasts that made my wolf immediately growl with need .
Her gasp and shriek hadnt broken me out of my trance just yet , but when she used a shirt to cover her body , I blinked a few times and lifted my gaze to meet hers .
What the hell are you doing in my daughters room ? I asked her , my voice coming out harder than I meant it .
She wasnt supposed to be on the second floor where our personal bedrooms and bathrooms were .
That was one of the rules we instated when she started working as Matts tutor .
Do you always barge into your daughters room without knocking ? She countered , her voice not wavering My eyes darkened as I glared at her and just when I was about to answer , Irene poked her head out from around me and frowned at me .
Dad ? She asked .
Why are you home so early ? I glared at her , my eyes narrowed .
Why are you home at all ? I asked her .
I thought youd be out with Ethan She shrugged .
He had a meeting today and I had some time to kill .
So , I hang out with Judy .
You … hung out … with Judy ? I asked her slowly , enunciating each word carefully so I could be sure I heard her correctly .
Chapter 0048 She smiled at me and nodded .
Matt likes her , and I had to admit that I was curious about her , she told me .
So , yes .
We were hanging out .
1 This is fun and all , but do you think I can get some privacy ? Judy asked , turning her back towards us so we were no longer in view of her incredibly full breasts .
Oh , Goddess ! Irene gasped , finally noticing that Judy was completely shirtless and braless .
Why the hell was she braless ? Dad , were you spying on Judy while she was getting dressed ? Irene asked , swatting at my arm but yelping in pain when her hand connected with pure muscle .
Ouch ! I wasnt spying on her , I said through my teeth .
Judy pulled the shirt on and turned to face us .
The shirt had deep V cut that left no mystery of what lay underneath ; it was also short and rested just under her belly button .
The skirt she wore matched in color and rested at her hips , hugging her every curve perfectly .
I recognized the outfit as Irenes because she had worn it in the past .
Irene was Judys age , so her clothes were youthful .
It made udy look even more youthful as she wore her clothing .
Her legs were slender and smooth ; my fingers twitched , wanting to touch them .
Then what exactly were you doing in my room ? Irene asked , raising an eyebrow at me .
I lifted the black box for her to see .
I was leaving this on your bed .
I got it for your new car , I told her , handing her the box .
###Take 49
Chapter 0049 She opened it with eagerness and when she saw the pink gens inside , she gasped loudly , her eyes lighting up with excitement and a large smile spreading across her glossy lips .
Oh , Dad ! She gasped as she wrapped her arms around me hugging me tightly .
I love it ! Thank you so much .
She pulled away from me and ran over to Judy to show her what I got her .
Ive been wanting something special for the inside of my car ; this would look so cute on my mirror .
Dont you think ? She asked Judy as she showed her the gems .
That was my thought , I agreed .
Judy glanced at the gems and gave Irene a small smile ; it was forced , but I was surprised that Judy was actually trying to get along with her considering Irene was marrying her fated mate .
My wolf let out a huff at my thoughts and I shook him away .
Its really pretty , Judy finally said after a beat of silence .
Itll look nice .
Irene bounced excitedly .
Im going to put them in my car right now .
Come meet me before you leave ! She said and then she hurried out of her bedroom , leaving me alone with Judy .
I looked at Judy and stared , once again , at her outfit with a deep frown .
I thought we had an agreement about your clothes ? I told her harshly .
Her face blanched and she swallowed the lump in her throa I had a bit of an accident with my clothes , she told me , shrugging like it was no big deal .
What kind of accident ? I asked her , my tone deepening .
I fold myself that I only cared because if there was an accident on my property , with my employees , I needed to know about it .
She bit her bottom lip .
During my sparring with Matt , I tore my shirt , she told me .
She wouldnt look at me , which led me to believe there was more to the story , and if I knew Matt , I would bet that he had something to do with her torn shirt .
It was clear she was trying to cover up for him though and I wasnt going to press her any further .
Irene was kind enough to let me borrow her clothes , Judy finished .
But I wont stay .
I should get going .
I remained unmoved as she neared me to get to the door , her arm brushing across mine gently , causing my heart to skip a beat .
I furrowed my brows at the feeling , not understanding what it meant .
Judy paused and I wondered if she felt something too .
Her gaze lifted and met mine and for a moment , it felt as if time had stopped completely , and we were the only two in the entire world .
Ill see you later , she said , her voice coming out breathily I managed to nod and watched as she hurried out of the room .
My cock twitched in my pants and silently cursed myself for letting this woman get to me like this .
My wolf was stirring around with the need for her , and I quickly silenced him , blocking him from my mind .
Shaking my head , I left the room and walked down the stairs , Judy was a distance ahead of me , not bothering to look back .
She paused at the doorway when she saw Irene walking into the house , a frown on her lips .
+26 BONUS Chapter 0049 Is everything okay ? 1 asked her as I reached the bottom step .
Yes, I guess so , Irene said softly.
The gems look amazing in the car .
I took some pictures to send to Ethan and then I called him .
He told me he was going to be busy the rest of the night and I wont see him until tomorrow .
I saw Judy tensing at the mention of Ethan , and I had to stifle a scowl in her direction .
Matt walked in from the living room and when he saw Judy his face lit up .
Can we finish our lessons ? He asked her , completely ignoring the rest of our presence .
Judy gave him a small smile .noveldrama
Im actually going to head home , she told him gently .
But Ill be here tomorrow .
Matts face fell and my heart tugged for him ; he truly was a lonely kid .
Judy might have been right when she said he craved connection .
But we didnt get to finish , he pouted .
She put a hand on his shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze I promise , we will practice longer tomorrow , she assured him .
He looked like he wanted to protest , but I intervened .
What Im hearing is both my kids are home tonight ? I asked , looking at both Irene and Matt .
How about I have the maids cook us a special meal ? We havent had a family dinner in a long time .
Irene seemed to have perked up from that , as did Matt .
Thats a great idea , she said , giving me a side hug .
Im in , Matt said happily .
But only if Judy joins us ! 22
###Take 50
Chapter 0050 Judys POV All three of them stared at me .
Irene and Matt with smiles on their faces and Gavin with a frown .
I stood in front of them with my eyes wide and my heart thuddling violently in my chest .noveldrama
I wasnt sure what to say as an excuse to get out of this .
There was no way I was going to have dinner with Gavin and his family .
I really should go .
I managed to sputter , pointing over my shoulder at the door and giving an awkward and desperate sounding laugh .
Please , Judy , Matt pleaded , grabbing onto my arm .
I really want you to stay .
It would be nice to have another woman at the table , Irene agreed , a flicker of hope in her eyes .
She truly was desperate for friends , and she would get them any way that she could .
I glanced up at Gavin , hoping that he would say something to help me out here .
But he just sighed and ran his fingers through his hair .
He glanced at Irene and then at Matt before he turned towards the maid who had walked in upon his command .
Set an extra plate for Miss Montague , he ordered .
My entire heart fell deep into my stomach Yes , Alpha , the maid said , bowing her head in respect and quickly hurrying towards the kitchen .
Gavin then turned to look at me , his eyes hard and his face expressionless .
I stared at him in disbelief .
I couldnt believe he just did that .
It was clear from his expression that he didnt want me to stay , so why was he forcing me ? I wanted to ask him , but I didnt want to make a scene in front of Matt ; he was jumping up and down excitedly because I was joining them for dinner , and I didnt want to burst his little bubble .
That was probably what Gavin was thinking too ; from what I heard , Matt being happy and excited about something was a rarity .
I would hate myself if I was the reason that smile got wiped from his face .
This is so exciting , Irene said , clapping her hands together .
Come on , Matt.
Lets get ready for dinner .
Matt nodded and went with Irene toward the kitchen , leaving me alone with Gavin .
I immediately turned and glared up at him , my lips pressed in a thin line and my eyes harrowed .
He pretended he didnt notice ; he looked everywhere but me and that only made me even more mad .
What was that ? I asked him , putting my hands on my hips as I continued to stare at him .
What was what ? He asked , playing dumb .
I rolled my eyes at the act .
Why would you ask the maid to set an extra plate for me ? I asked , exasperated .
He finally looked at me and I could see the coldness in my es Because you are joining us for dinner , he said in a low and threatening tone .
I was startled by the change of demeanor , and I took a hesitant step back.
I havent seen a smile on Matts face in a long time , but for some reason , he likes you .
So , for hits sake , you are going to stay for dinner , and you arent going to complain .
I opened my mouth to protest , but then immediately closed it .
He was right ; I couldnt be the reason Matt was unhappy .
So , I relented with a curt nod before turning away from him and walking towards the kitchen .
However , he grabbed my arm to stop me before I could get too far away .
His touch was gentle , and yet firm at the same time .
I felt warmth spreading across my entire body from the contact and goosebumps spread across my # Chapter 00:50 arms .
My heart skipped a beat when I turned to face him , my breath caught in my throat once I realized how close he was standing to me .
His scent was whirling around me like a tornado , and I found myself entranced by his nearness .
For a second , it almost seemed as if he had forgotten what he wanted to say to me .
He stared at me with his full lips parted and his eyes dark with heat .
His eyes dropped to my lips , and I thought he was going to kiss me .
Did I want him to kiss me again ? I bit my lip , already deciding that I did .
I wanted to kiss Gavin Landry .
But as if he was slapped back to reality , he released my arm and straightened his posture .
I blinked a few times , broken from the trance I was under , and I stared up at him , my cheeks reddening .
Its just dinner , Judy , he reminded me .
Dont go around thinking this changes anything .
He walked around me and towards the kitchen without sparing me another look .
I reached my fingers up to touch my cheek , they were burning hot .
I cleared my throat , trying to bring my mind back to the present moment before I took a deep breath and followed him into the kitchen .
Irene and Matt were already seated , there were two more plates on the table in front of the seats , one of which was at the head of the table .
The other was right next to it .
My stomach tightened knowing that that was the spot they wanted me to sit … right next to Gavin .
Gavin seemed to have noticed this too because he let out as ghas he walked towards the table .
The entire dining room smelled like delicious food and my mouth started to water , I realized I hadnt had a chance to eat all day .
Between seeing my father in prison and coming straight here to tutor Matt , the time kind of slipped away from
###Take 51
Chapter 0051 Gavin sat down at the table , and I hesitantly sat beside him .
One maid scurried into the room holding a bottle of wine and another bottle of apple juice .
She immediately poured Irene a glass of wine and Matt a glass of apple juice .
She walked around the table towards Gavin and filled his glass with wine as well .
Once she got to me , she gave me a polite smile .
Wine , madam ? She asked .
Ill take apple juice , I said quickly .
There was no way I was drinking while here ; I needed to keep a clear head and as of right now , I didnt trust drunk Judy when it came to Gavin .
She looked startled but she nodded and poured me a glass of apple juice .
After she left, Irene looked at me with a frown .
You dont drink ? she asked .
only on occasions , I told her .
Before she could reply , another maid walked into the room rolling in a car filled with covered food items .
They smelled so good , at this point , I didnt even care what they were .
She uncovered one and I gasped .
at the large T bone steaks on the platter .
There were 4 of them , one for each of us , and they were still sizzling on the metal pan , bleeding and marinating in their juices .
My mouth was watering as she put a steak on each of our plates .
She uncovered another platter and saw a mound of mashed potatoes , seasoned with garlic .
She scooped healthy portions on our plates .
The next platter was mixed veggies , roasted in butter and seasoned with salt and pepper .
Is there anything else I can get for you , Alpha ? She asked as she scooted the cart away from the table .
Thats everything , Gavin said , his eyes fixed on his food .
Thank you , he surprised me by adding .
She nodded , beaming at his words before she turned and left .
This looks incredible , I breathed , taking in the different colors and scents .
Our maids cook the best foods , Irene agreed as she picked up her fork and knife I picked up my own fork and knife and I started to digin ; the steak was medium rare and cooked to perfection .
It practically cut like butter and the flavors burst on my tongue as I chewed slowly .
Both my stomach and my wolf were in complete contentment , which relaxed me immensely .
Hows tutoring going ? Gavin asked , glancing at Math who was picking apart his steak and eating around the fatty edges .
He glanced at Gavin as if he was surprised , he was asking .
Its great , he answered after a beat of silence .
Judy is the best .
She teaches me things that no other tutor has ever taught me ! 1/2 Chapter 0051 Thats because they probably didnt know how to do those things , Irene interjected .
Im not sure where you found those tutors , Dad .
But they were not it .
Gavin hummed in response ; like he was agreeing with them .
My cheeks flushed at the compliment , and I put a piece of broccoli in my mouth , chewing on it slowly , nearly moaning at the intense flavor .noveldrama
I stifled the sound though , not wanting to draw attention to myself .
Yeah , they were dimwhits , Matt murmured .
Language , Gavin scolded calmly .
Matt blanched , but he didnt say anything more .
We continued to eat , mostly in silence .
Matt and Irene began a mindless conversation , but I really wasnt paying much attention to it .
Once I started to get full , pushed my plate away and leaned back in my seat .
I was fully satisfied and now I just wanted to leave and get some distance between Gavin and me .
The maids soon gathered in the dining room and started to clear our plates .
Dessert , Alpha ? One of the maids offered as she refilled his wine glass .
He glanced at me as if expecting me to answer for him .
I should be going , I told him , giving him a small smile .
But thank you for dinner .
I truly enjoyed it .
He stared at me for a moment longer , as if he wanted to say something , but then he chose not to and gave me a small nod.- Let Leroy give you a ride , he suggested .
Its late and you shouldnt be out and about at this hour .
I bit my lip and nodded .
That would be nice , I told him as I stood to my feet .
He stood with me and then motioned for me to go ahead of him .
I wasnt expecting him to follow me to the door , but he did , and I could feel his eyes watching my every move .
Third Person POV Neither Gavin nor Judy noticed Irene and Matt staring after them as they left the dining room .
Irene had been curious about Judy because it was clear that Matt liked her .
She was the first tutor he had ever taken to , and it made Irene wonder who Judy truly was and what made her so special .
She had to admit , from the small amount of time she spent with Judy , that she also liked her .
She couldnt help but think that she was hiding something though ; a secret that Irene couldnt figure out .
But as they had dinner , she noticed her father stealing glances at Judy as he ate , not even realizing he was doing it , she realized at that moment that she knew exactly what Judy was hiding .
Something was going on between Judy and her father A smile formed on her lips as she watched after them ; Matt was also watching them , and a hopeful look was in his eyes .
When he turned to look at Irene , they both had the same mirrored knowing expression .
###Take 52
Chapter 0052 Third Person POV Later in the evening , Irene sat curled up on the couch , staring at her phone .
Ethan told her that he would call at 8 pm and now it was 9:30 pm .
She tried calling him a couple of times about a half hour ago , but he didnt answer .
She texted him as well , but her messages were left unread .
He had never disappeared from her like this before and she wasnt sure what to make of it .
Her stomach was in a tight knot , and she couldnt help the bad feeling she had in her chest .
She wishes that she had someone to talk to about this , but she doesnt have any actual friends .
She has some girls that she hangs around once in a while , but Irene was smart enough to know when shes being used .
Most of them only want to hang out with her because of her status as Gavin Landrys daughter ; they either want something from her , or they want to get close to her father .
The closest one she has to a friend right now is Judy and she doesnt have her number .
She isnt even sure if Judy wants to be friends with her .
She wrapped her arms around her body like she was trying to hold herself together .
Everything okay ? Her father asked as he walked into the room .
He was wearing his pajama bottoms and no shirt .
It was a rarity for Irene to see her father without a suit on ; he was always well dressed , even if he was just walking around the house , which he never really did .
Im worried about Ethan , she admitted , glancing at her phone .
He hasnt called me .
Gavin let out a huff that Irene knew way too well to be disapproval .
It was no secret that Gavin didnt like Ethan very much .
Irene wasnt sure why because Ethan had been nothing but kind to her from the very first moment they met .
He looked so handsome in his tux and his dark curls brushed out of his face as he scanned the room of the Alpha banquet .
Word had gotten out that Alpha Carter from the Redmoon pack had died during at battle and now all available Alpha candidates in the area were gathered around to impress Gavin Landry .
Gavin was the only one who could single handedly appoint any Alpha he wanted without consulting the other Lycans because he was the most powerful Lycan chairman in the world .
When Ethans eyes found Irenes , it was as if they were the only two in the entire world .
Her heart skipped a beat ; even her wolf purred with contentment and satisfaction .
She liked what they saw and from the smile on Ethans perfect lips , he liked what lie saw as well .
It didnt take long for him to stroll over to her and order her another glass of champagne .
They talked the entire night ; he hadnt even bothered to ask her about her father or speak with him the entire night .
It was as if he had forgotten why he was there in the first place .
By the end of the night , he asked for her number .
He called her the next night , and they spoke until the sun rose .noveldrama
She never felt this way towards anyone before and she wanted to be with him more than anything .
However , when she told her father about him and how much she wanted him , he didnt give her his blessing at first .
In fact , he expressed his concerns about Ethan using her and stated that he didnt really like Ethan all that much based on what he had seen and heard from numerous packs .
Irene had to admit that she went a little crazy and threatened her own life if her father didnt give him her blessing .
He had no other choice but to do so .
A month later , Ethan proposed , and Irene jumped at Chapter 0052 the opportunity .
She looked over at her father who was seated beside her on the couch , neither of them speaking .
When Mom was alive , did you love her ? Gavin seemed shocked by the question and turned to look at her , his eyes filled with concern and thought .
She was my fated mate , of course , I loved her , he answered without hesitation .
I know she was your fated mate , she said , staring down at her hands .
That just means you were drawn together and bound together by your wolves .
But that doesnt mean you have to actually love her .
I loved her .
But did you love her because of the bond , or because of your heart ? She asked .
###Take 53
hapter 0053 Why are you asking ? He countered ; his eyes narrowed in her direction ..
She sucked her bottom lip into her mouth and nibbled on it gently as she thought about how to answer his question .noveldrama
Truth be told , she wasnt sure why she wanted to know .
Maybe to prove that the mate bond doesnt matter .
Shes not mated with Ethan , but if either of them did ever found their mates , would they still want to be with each other , or would they automatically choose their mates ? The thought terrified Irene and she would be lying if she said she wasnt worried about Ethan one day finding his mate and then leaving her .
She wanted to know if the mate bond could be fought .
If someone as strong and powerful as Gavin Landry couldnt fight the mate bond , was there any hope for the rest of them ? I guess Im just trying to figure out how the mate bond works , she murmured , tugging at her fingers .
nervously .
He sighed and leaned back on the couch as he thought about her question .
The bond is strong , he admitted .
Probably the strangest thing youd ever experience .
You think your have a handle on it , but in reality , you arent in control .
Its your wolves that take over .
They make it impossible to stay away .
But theres also a part of you that doesnt want to stay away .
You will start to crave them to a point where its almost painful .
Fighting it would only make you and your wolf miserable .
Did you try to fight it ? She asked .
I was young , he murmured .
I didnt really understand the feeling and the bond .
It was all very confusing .
I think a part of me tried to fight it , yes .
But your mother had a way of bringing me out of my shell .
Then , she gave me the greatest gift I could have ever received .
Whats that ? She asked .
Gavin wrapped an arm around his daughter and pulled her in for a hug .
You , he answered .
She smiled as she peered up at him .
So , you did love her , she said softly ; it wasnt a question this time , but Gavin still answered her anyway .
He nodded with a soft smile playing on his lips .
Yes , he answered .
When she died it was really difficult .
Is that why you dont date ? He raised his brows at her question .
I date .
You dont date seriously , she retorted .
Its always one night stands .
Never anything real .
Chapter 0053 – I dont have the time to date , he told her .
I have a pack to run , duties to fulfill , and children to care for .
Im not a child anymore , Dad , she reminded him , nudging his arm with hers .
And Matt doesnt need you around all the time .
We both want you to be happy even if it means dating someone younger than you .
She bit her lip ; she was hinting , and he knew it .
He frowned at her .
Someone younger ? He asked , his eyes never leaving the side of her face .
She shrugged .
We just want you to be happy … with whoever you choose , she told him .
We dont want you to be lonely .
Youve thought a lot about this , huh ? He asked her .
She bit back a smile , but she didnt deny it .
Im going to bed now .
Im guessing Ethan wont call me tonight , she said , standing to her feet .
Gavin could hear the heartache in her tone .
Good night , Dad .
Thanks for the talk .
He didnt say anything , he gave her a nod and watched as she left the room .
His mind traveled back to Judy and how she must be feeling through her own mate bond .
Gavin knew that the mate bond was strong , and it was difficult to break ; she had to live with the fact that her fated mate was marrying another woman and there was nothing she could do about it .
He wondered if Judy was strong enough to overcome such pain .
Is there anything you need tonight before I call it a night ? One of the maids asked , walking into the room .
Gavin sighed and stood to his feet .
No , you are dismissed , he told her and started to walk past her .
I quite liked Miss Montague , the maid proceeded to say before Gavin could leave the room .
Shes a good fit for the house ; dont you think ? Gavin wasnt sure what to say in response , so he chose not to say anything .
He walked out of the living room without sparing her another look .
###Take 54
Chapter 0054 Judys POV The house was quiet when I returned home after having dinner at Gavins house .
It was always quiet these days .
The house felt so empty with my mother hiding away in her room , not a sound to be made .
I put my coat on the hook and made my way upstairs .
I paused outside of her bedroom door which was down the hall from my room .
There was no light on , and I wasnt even sure if she would be awake , but I needed to see her .
I needed to make sure that she was alright .
I grabbed the door handle and twisted it , pushing the door open gently .
The door creaked as it moved , and I winced at how dark and smelly it was .
It was clear she hadnt moved from the bed in a long while .noveldrama
Taking a deep breath , I turned on the light in her dark room and stepped inside .
Mom ? I asked , looking around the mess of a room .
My eyes landed on her form on the bed and my chest tightened even more .
Panic seized me as I ran towards her bed , not knowing if she was breathing or not .
I put my hand on her back and felt for any sign of movement , indicating that she was in fact breathing .
When my hand rose and fell , I sighed out of relief .
Mom ? I said again , this time giving her a gentle shake .
Have you eaten anything at all today ? I already knew the answer because the food I made for her this morning remained untouched on her nightstand .
She lifted her head and her eyes , unfocused , looked at me .
Oh , hey , Judy , she said sleepily .
When did you get here ? A little while ago , I told her .
Im worried about you .
You havent left your room in days and the food that Ive been leaving you every morning and night has been untouched .
I need you to get out of bed and eat something .
Im not very hungry , she murmured as she rested her head back on her pillow .
I sighed , running my fingers through my hair .
You need to eat something , Mom .
Dad wouldnt want this for you , I told her .
She flinched at my mention of my father .
I went to see him earlier today ! She raised her gaze to meet mine once again .
You saw your father ? She asked .
I nodded .
Hes doing well , I lied ; I couldnt tell her that when saw him , he was beaten black and blue .
I couldnt Tell her about the sadness and fear hidden in his eyes .
Please come downstairs with me and eat something … She was quiet for a moment , remaining unmoved .
Then , she sighed and lifted her head again , with a nod , she let me help her out of bed .
She looked so trail , and my heart tugged for her .
She clung to my arm as I walked with her out of the bedroom and down the stairs .
When we reached the living room , she sat on the couch .
She wouldnt look at me ; her eyes remained focused on the ground .
Im going to get you some food , I told her as I walked into the kitchen .
I grabbed a box of pasta from the cabinet and a jar of sauce .
I didnt have it in me to cook anything more than that .
I placed the items on the counter and looked in the freezer for meatballs .
When I saw a bag of them , I grabbed them as well .
I was a zombie walking around the kitchen , my mind on my parents and all they were going through .
My mother was in so much pain because she couldnt be with her mate .
I knew her wolf was shutting down .
I bit my lip as hot tears burned in my eyes ; Lcouldnt let myself break down right now , I had to be strong for my mother .
She needed someone strong and capable to take care of her and that person had to be me because there was nobody else .
I grabbed 1 orange julce from the fridge and opened the top .
I started to pour a glass knowing my mother could use the sugar in her system , but the bottle slipped from my fingers and fell to the ground .
I gasped , jumping back as orange juice got everywhere This time , I couldnt hold back the tears .
They ran down my cheeks as I fell to the ground with the orange juice , letting myself break down because of the mess .
Shit , Judy , I heard a familiar voice at the kitchen entrance that led outside .
I whipped around and gasped when Ethan walked in , shutting the door behind him .
What is wrong with you ? Get up , he ordered , forcing me away from the orange juice .
I didnt have enough strength to fight him or tell him off .
I scurried away from the juice , as he grabbed some napkins and got to work cleaning my mess .
I wiped at the tears still lingering in my eyes and watched in silence as he finished cleaning the floor .
He stood to his feet and poured the glass of orange juice before putting the bottle back in the fridge .
He offered me his hand , which I hesitantly took , and then he pulled me to my feet .
What are you doing here , Ethan ? I asked him , folding my arms across my chest .
Saving you apparently .
What are you doing on the floor ? I spilled some juice , and I was cleaning it , I murmured ; he could see through my lie right away though .
###Take 55
hapter 0055 Ive known you for a while , Judy .
You cant bullshit me .
What do you expect me to say , Ethan ? That Im not okay ? That my mother is depressed and barely eats ? Isnt this what you wanted ? For me to suffer ? So why are you acting like you care right now when we both know you dont ! Judy ! My mother shrieked from the doorway , her eyes large and alert .
How dare you speak to him like that ! Mom … Hes going to be our Alpha , and he deserves our respect , my mother continued to scold .
Its okay , Mrs.
Montague .
How about you go and sit on the couch ? Ill cook you some dinner , Ethan offered .
vay of My mother beamed at him ; the first smile I had seen from her in a while .
Ethan always had a way bringing that out of her .
How very thoughtful of you , Ethan , she said sweetly .
Thank you .
She gave me another look before she turned and left the kitchen .
I spun around on my heel to glare at him .
What are you doing? I asked him , my tone dry .
Despite what you might think , I actually care about your mother and its hard to see her like this .
Its hard to see you like this too , Judy .
Go into the living room and spend time with her .
Ill cook you both dinner and then afterward we can talk .
I furrowed my brows at him , trying to figure out the gamme he was playing .
But I was too exhausted to think too much about it , so I sighed and walked out of the kitchen .
I didnt bother telling him that I already ate dinner because then he would just ask me innecessary questions .
My mother was curled up on the couch , staring at a picture of my father with tears in her eyes .
I saw beside her , and she was startled at my presence .
Why cant you just do what he wants so we can get your father back ? She asked me , taking me by surprise .
I looked at her in disbelief ; if only she knew what it was he was asking me to do .
Because we dont need his help , Mom , I told her for the hundredth time .
I have us covered .
How ? That tutoring job is hardly enough to pay off your fathers debt , my mother told me , her voice pleading .
We need him to come home , Judy .
I covered my mothers hands with mine , trying to provide her with some type of comfort .
And he will , I assured her .
I promise .
Not before long , the room was filled with the scent of garlic from the pasta sauce .
Had Ethan made pasta 1/2 cha Chapter 0055 sauce from scratch ? He didnt need to do all of that ; I just needed my mother to have a little something in her system .noveldrama
I , on the other hand , wasnt hungry because I had already eaten a large meal at Gavins house .
Soon , Ethan was walking into the living room with a couple of plates .
He handed me one and I set it on the table , and then he handed my mother one .
My suspicions were confirmed when I saw the gourmet- looking meat sauce on the pasta .
You didnt need to do all of that , I told him .
The jar of sauce would have been fine .
He rolled his eyes .
I wouldnt even feed that to a dog , he muttered .
Im not sure I can eat , my mother admitted , staring at the food sadly .
Please try , Ethan asked her , sitting on the seat across from the couch .
It would mean the world to me .
if you até something .
She looked at him for a moment before she nodded .
He glanced at me and narrowed his eyes .
You should eat too , he said , motioning for the plate on the table .
Im not hungry , I told him flatly .
He frowned at me .
Can you stop being so stubborn for once and do what youre told ? He asked , narrowing his eyes at me .
I remained silent , not justifying that with a response .
Ethan gave up after a moment and turned his attention to my mother .
I watched as my mother nibbled on the food while having a mindless conversation with Ethan .
I thought Ethan would have left after dinner or picked a fight with me about the same things as usual , but he didnt .
He stayed and cleaned the dishes ; he cleaned up the rest of the kitchen as well .
Once he was done in the kitchen , he tidied up the living room while I kept my mother company .
Then , he proceeded to go into my mothers room and clean up her space as well .
He picked her out some comfortable pajamas and drew her a bath .
I helped her get into the bath while Ethan remained in the living room .
I was expecting , along with hoping , he would have left while my mother was in the bath .
But when I returned to the living room after successfully putting my mother to bed , he was waiting for me .
I had to admit , I was grateful that he was able to help my mother this evening .
Im not sure she would have eaten anything or taken care of herself if he wasnt here .
Thank you , Ethan , for your help , I told him .
It honestly means a lot .
It doesnt come without a cost , he said , raising his brows .
Now , Im hoping that you can return the favor .
###Take 56
Chapter 0056 Judys POV Return the favor ? I asked , my heart falling deep into my stomach .
What are you talking about ? He cleared his throat and straightened his posture ; the soft expression he wore for most of the day was gone completely and now it was a cold look that sent a chill down my spine .
I instinctively took a step away from him , not wanting to be anywhere near him .
You know exactly what Im talking about , Judy , he said , his brows furrowed in my direction .
I want you to be my mistress .
Do what I ask , and Ill make sure your mother is well and that your father comes home by the end of the night .noveldrama
My heart was bleeding at the man that lonce loved more than anything in this entire world .
At one point , I would have done anything for him .
Now , as I stared at him , I saw nothing but a stranger staring back at me .
His eyes were cold and unfamiliar ; his lips were pressed in a thin line as he glared at me .
No matter how many times he asked me , I still couldnt believe what he wanted me to do .
He wanted me … his fated mate … to be his mistress while he married another woman .
A woman who didnt deserve to be treated this way .
Irene was a sweet girl , and it was clear that she loved Ethan more than anything .
It hurt knowing that another woman felt this way about my mate , but I also knew that the heart wanted what it wanted , and her heart wanted Ethan .
How could you ask such a thing from me , Ethan ? I asked , my voice barely above a whisper .
Did our two years together truly mean nothing to you ? His expression softened for the briefest of moments .
Of course , it meant something to me , he said , stepping closer to me .
Thats why I cant let you go , Judy .
You are my mate … you belong to me , and I will have you in any way that I can get you .
Wouldnt you rather be with me in secret than not be with me at all ? Think about your wolf .
Do you want to end up like your mother ? My wolf had been quiet this entire conversation ; I could feel her silently observing this interaction and I knew it pained her , the kind of things Ethan was saying to us .
She didnt want to be a mistress either , but she also didnt want to let her mate go .
And your wolf is okay with making his mate a mistress ? I asked , narrowing my eyes at him .
Ethan shrugged casually .
He knows what needs to be done .
Thats the qualification of being an Alpha , he said simply .
You arent an Alpha yet , I murmured .
I have the Alpha blood and the Alpha traits .
Soon , thanks to Irene , Ill have the official title as well .
I rolled my eyes at him .
You make me sick , I murmured .
He smirked at me and took another step closer , nearly closing the gap between us .
I was too tired to continue walking away from him and he had beaten me to the ground with his words .
The only thing I Chapter 0056 could do was stand there and stare up at him , willing my tears away .
Weve always been so good together , Judy .
Dont break us because you are too selfish to see what needs to be done , he said in a low tone as he reached his hand up to touch my cheek .
As he grazed his fingers down the side of my face , it was as if his touch burned my flesh .
I flinched away from him , glaring at him with fire in my eyes .
I was furious that he was even putting me in this position .
That he would use my poor mother as a way to get me to do what he wanted .
I was sickened by him , and I would never forgive him for what he had done to me and my family .
I clenched my fists at my side and took a large step away from him .
Dont touch me , I said through my teeth .
You have no right to touch me ever again ! You are mine , Judy ! He growled , reaching out to grab my arm but I flinched away from him once again .
Correction , I was yours .
You lost every right you had towards me the moment you decided on another .
woman .
The moment you got down on one knee and proposed to someone else in front of my face .
You didnt even tell me about her , Ethan .
You let me find out the hard way and I will never forgive you for what you have done .
Not only to me but to my family as well .
I cant exactly prove it , but I know you had something to do with my fathers business going bankrupt .
He smirked at me and folded his arms across his chest .
Exactly , you cant prove anything , he said , his tone filled with pride as if he was proud of himself and his actions .
Its your word against mine and guess who everyone is going to listen to ? At that moment , Ethans phone started to ring in his pocket .
It wasnt the first time it had rang this evening , but he hadnt answered a single call .
He sighed and grabbed his phone from his pocket , frowning at whoever was calling .
I thought he would finally answer the call because whoever it was , must be important if they were trying to reach him as urgently as they were .
###Take 57
hapter 0057
But instead of answering the call, he shoved it back into his pocket, letting it ring. The ringing soon stopped, and my frown deepened.
“Why do you keep ignoring that person?” I asked.
“It’s not your concern,” he murmured, his eyes dark.
Then, a thought occurred to me, and I found myself feeling paralyzed.
“Was it Irene?” I asked him. “Has she been trying to reach you, Ethan?”noveldrama
“As I said, it’s not your concern,” he said slower.
I realized I was right; it was Irene. I remembered she mentioned earlier that Ethan was busy with a meeting and she was upset that she couldn’t see him this evening. Had he been ignoring her all night because he was here with me?
He was already turning me into the other woman, and I hadn’t even agreed to be his mistress. I felt completely sick to my stomach.
“You should go,” I said, folding my arms across my chest and turning away from him. “You don’t want to keep your precious Irene waiting any longer. She might lose interest, and you might not get what you truly want.”
He stepped behind me; he was so close now that I could feel his warm breath on the back of my neck
“You think we are so different, but in reality, we are the same, Judy,” he went on to say. I furrowed my brows, not sure where he was going with this. I didn’t bother to turn and face him; I kept my stance. “I marry Irene to get what I want, and you spread your legs for Gavin to get what you want.”
My face drained of blood from his words.
“It’s not like that,” I told him, my voice wavering slightly.
“Don’t lie to me!” He growled, his hands gripping my hips and holding them so firmly that it was most painful. “I know exactly what you are doing. Why don’t you spread your legs for me and get what you really want.”
I felt his hardness pressing into my backside and I quickly stepped out of his grip, whipping around to face him. “You need to get out,” I told him, my eyes burning with unshed tears that I refused to let fall.
He let out a dark chuckle.
“Gavin will tire of you, and you will have no choice but to walk away from this job. Once you do, you’ll have nothing and no one. I’ll make sure of it. You’ll be crawling into my bed before you know it.”
“Get out of my house,” I said again, this time louder and firmer.
He turned away, still chuckling darkly as he shook his head.
“You’ll see, Judy. I always get what I want… and what I want, is your pretty little body to be in the house I bought you by the end of the week. I only have so much patience. You don’t want to know what’ll happen once I run out completely.”
“Get out!!” I screamed, not caring if I woke my mother up. Hot tears burned in my eyes as I ran towards him and shoved him towards the door. He barely even flinched, but he did willingly walk to the door.
He paused as the door opened and he turned back to face me.
“I’ll see you soon, mate,” he said, letting out another dark chuckle before he stepped out of the house and walked away, leaving me fuming and my wolf in complete despair.
Third Person POV
Ethan was furious that Judy was being so ridiculous. Couldn’t she see that she had to be his mistress so both their wolves would be okay after he married another woman? Judy was still his mate, and he wasn’t going to let her go that easily, even if he was marrying Irene. He was only marrying Irene to get the title of Alpha. He would probably sleep with her and have children with her to fulfill his husbandly duties, but she could never satisfy his wolf the way that Judy does.
They were true mates, and he doubted after he marked and mated with Irene that the mate bond, he felt with Judy would just go away.
The mark he left on Judy’s neck was still evident and it pleased him knowing that it wasn’t going away; that she could still feel him.
As he got to his car, he slid into the driver’s seat and pulled out his phone. There were numerous missed calls and texts from Irene. He was supposed to call her after his meeting earlier, but he never did. He was too preoccupied with getting to Judy and forcing her to submit to him.
He ignored each of her calls and texts.
He brought up his subordinate’s phone number and clicked on the call button. Pressing the phone to his cheek, he only waited for two rings before the other line was answered.
“Boss,” his subordinate said in greeting; he had been waiting for Ethan’s call with bated breath, their plan already in action and waiting for Ethan’s confirmation.
“Put the next stage of our plan in action,” Ethan ordered grimly. “It’s time that Judy learned how much she truly needs me.”
###Take 58
Chapter 0058 Judys POV That asshole ! Nan gasped as we stood in line at the campus coffee shop , waiting to take our orders .
I cant believe he had the nerve to do that to you last night .
And to involve your mother  It was the next morning after Ethan came to see me and I just finished telling Nan about what had happened last night .
I was still in shock that Ethan had the nerve to come to my house and take care of my mother just as I would agree to be his mistress .
I felt disgusted over the fact , and I also felt a bit guilty .
I felt bad for Irene ; she didnt deserve to be treated like that , even if she didnt know about it .
I told him to leave , I concluded the story with a shrug .
What can I get for you ladies this morning ? The Barista , Nicole , asked .
Nicole was in a couple of my courses , and she was a pretty good fighter .
Ive sparred with her on a couple of different occasions .
She worked at the coffee every other morning and she always made my beverages to perfection .
Just a vanilla cappuccino , I told her .
Make that two , Nan said as she pulled out her wallet I shook my head and grabbed my own wallet .
Ill pay , I told her .
You got me a coffee last time , reminded her .
I handed Nicole my card and after the transaction went through , she handed it back .
Coming right up , she said , and she turned to make the drinks .
So , what are you going to do about the whole Ethan situation ? Nan asked as we stepped aside to wait for our cappuccinos .
I looked at her with a frown .
What can I do ? I asked .
He doesnt seem to take no for an answer .
The most I can do is keep working so I can pay off my fathers debt .
Are you going to tell Irene what her fiancé is up to ? Nan asked , raising her brows .
I thought about it for a moment before shaking my head .
It wasnt my business , and Gavin was clear when he said he didnt want me to do or say anything that would jeopardize this pending marriage .
If I was the reason his daughter got hurt , he would never forgive me , and I would be out of a job .
Its honestly not my place and I really dont want to get involved , I told her .
Your cappuccinos are all set , Nicole said , sliding two to go cups in our direction .
Thanks , I said , grabbing both cups and handing one to Nan .
Ill see you in class later .
Nicole waved goodbye as we left the coffee shop and started to walk across the campus .
Nan decided not to ask any more questions about what had happened last night and whether or not I should tell Irene .
As far as Nan knew , I didnt know Irene any better than anyone else .
The Landrys have always been locked up tight and though Irene was known to be in the spotlight , she wasnt known Chapter 0056 to have friends or get around the packs .
She was a mystery to those outside of her family and that made her even more intriguing .
If Nan knew that I actually knew Irene and was getting to know her even better , she would question how I knew the famous Irene Landry and I would have to tell her the entire truth .
It would be a breach of my contract , and I could lose my job .
I had to hold onto this job as if my life depended on it … because it kind of did .
Me and my fathers life depended on this job .
I still have 30 minutes before my class starts ; want to go the lounge for a bit ? I asked as we neared the buildings .
Sure , Nan agreed .
We walked into the fairly busy lounge ; most hung out here before their morning classes .
As soon as I walked in , I noticed something was a bit different .
Students were whispering amongst themselves like they were gossiping about something .
When we walked in , their eyes shifted in my direction .
I frowned as their whispers grew even louder and it was clear they were all talking about me .
But what had I done ? She was the one who got Carol expelled from the school , I heard one of the gossipers saying .
I cant believe she walked in here with her head held high like that .
She has some nerve after the stunt she pulled ! H My cheeks burned with heat , and I glanced at Nan who was eyeing everybody as well , her frown deep .
Whats going on ? I asked her .
Carol was expelled from school , she answered .
And its obvious everyone is blaming you for it even though it wasnt your fault ! She said loud enough for everyone to hear .
We walked through the lounge and reached our normal table near the window .
Carols friends were standing nearby with their arms folded across their chests .
How dare you show your face here after what you did one of them sneered .
Carol worked hard for that scholarship , and you stole it from her ! I turned around to face them , my eyes narrowed .
She cheated , I said through my teeth .
She didnt work hard at all .noveldrama
Someone else did the work for her .
And you have been deceiving everybody into thinking you are poor , she hissed back .
###Take 59
Chapter 0059 Think what you want , I murmured .
I dont need to prove anything to you .
Maybe you should be worried about yourselves , Nan said , folding her arms across her chest .noveldrama
Just forget about it , Nan , I said , shaking my head .
Im going to get to class .
Ill see you later .
I didnt wait for her response , I just left .
Even class was weird ; everyone was looking at me and whispering .
The teacher was eyeing me as she passed out our assignments and I frowned when I looked at the paper .
Was it just me , or was the font a little different ? I glanced at the girl beside me and noticed that her paper looked normal .
Can I see that for a second ? I asked She frowned but she nodded and handed me her paper .
The wording was different too ; the words on my paper were smaller .
Thanks , I murmured and handed it back to her .
We spent class working on the assignments and as I was leaving the professor stopped me to say , did a very nice job today , Judy .
She spoke slowly like she was speaking to a child .
I frowned .
Uh , thanks Miss Prescott , I said , my brows furrowed together .
You I quickly left the room and went into my next college reading class .
This was one of my favorite classes besides my combat , shifting , and defense courses .
The professor gave us a book to read , and we pretty much just journaled about it the entire class .
We finally finished our last book and were supposed to receive a new book today .
The professor handed out a book to each student upon entry to the class but when I walked in , she didnt hand me a book like she did the others .
Hi , Judy , she said , giving me a soft smile .
Im not going to make you read this book ; its kind of long and can be pretty difficult .
Ill write you out some cliff notes and you can write your entry based on that and class discussion .
I frowned at her ; I couldnt believe what she was saying .
I had always read the books she assigned , and I read them quicker than most in the class .
I narrowed my eyes at her and deepened my frown .
Im sorry , I dont understand , I said hesitantly .
You dont want me to read the book ? She sighed and set the books on the table .
Look , I think it would be better if you sit this one out , she told me .
I know this kind of thing doesnt come easy for you .
Chapter Cosa .
This kind of thing ? Was she talking about reading ? I never gave her a reason to believe that I wasnt good at reading .
Sure , I was dyslexic , but that doesnt mean Im incapable .
Besides , its not like she knew of my disability .
The only ones who knew were my adoptive parents , Nan , and unfortunately Ethan .
Please , take your seat , Judy , she said politely .
I pressed my lips together and walked to my seat .
As more students walked into the class , one by one , she handed them each a book .
Soon , I was the only one without a book .
I sat in class , fuming , but I continued to bite my tongue .
I was going to the dean after my last class and speak with him about the behavior of my professors today .
I was relieved to be in my shifting and combat course ; it was my last course of the day and my favorite .
Now I could take my frustrations out on my sparring partner .
When I got there , I overheard Nicole speaking to the professor and she sounded upset .
Professor Morgan , I dont think thats necessary .
Judy is more than capable of this new routine without me holding her hand , she told him firmly .
Professor Morgan was the assistant professor for this class ; Im assuming since Carol was expelled , that our normal professor was fired for his part in trying to get me kicked out of the school .
That would make Professor Morgan our new professor .
Theres a lot of notes to go over today and I need her to properly understand the material , Professor Morgan replied .
She always understands the material just fine , she told him .
Shes one of the top students .
You heard the rumors .
She didnt earn that spot , she bought it .
You dont honestly believe that crap , do you ? Nicole asked , folding her arms across her chest .
Nikki , please , Professor Morgan sneered .
Do me this favor for once in your life .
Dont call me that here , Noah , she said in a hushed whisper .
I dont want people here knowing that you are my brother .
Professor Morgan and Nicole were siblings ? I guess that made sense considering that Nicoles full name was Nicole Morgan .
But I thought that was a coincidence .
Look , I need you to do this for me .
You care about her dont you ? I know you want her to succeed , so help her succeed .
Why suddenly are you treating her so differently ? Why do you think shes incapable ? There was a long stretch of silence at first and then his next words stunned me frozen .
Because the dean called for a faculty meeting this morning and he told us that Judy is suffering from Dyslexia .
###Take 60
Chapter 0060 Judys POV All the professors knew about my dyslexia ? How did the dean even find out about it ? All my doctors and therapists assured me that nobody outside of my circle would find out about this .
I didnt want them to start treating me differently like I was incapable .
It seemed as if my fears were becoming a reality .
They all knew about my disability and now they thought I was incapable of truly learning the material .
They think that I was the one who set Carol up and got her kicked out of the school and that I have been the one cheating this entire time .
My heart tightened in my chest at the very thought of it .
I couldnt listen to Nicole and Professor let this is conversation any longer .
I wasnt going to situation ruin my favorite class and I wasnt going to let my professors think I was incapable of participating in their class .noveldrama
Folding my arms across my chest , I walked around the corner to face the two gossiping about me .
Nicoles face paled upon seeing me and her mouth nearly dropped open .
She knew right away that I had heard the entire conversation ; it was clear on her face .
Judy ! Nicole gasped .
H … how long have you been here for ? She was stammering over her words nervously .
Long enough , I told her , my brows furrowed , Whats going on ? How did everyone know about my dyslexia ? Professor Morgan paled immediately .
The dean called us in early this morning for a team meeting to discuss it , he said , lowering his gaze .
How did the dean even find out ? I asked .
Nobody was supposed to ever know .
Im not sure ; he didnt say , he answered .
He must have gotten some outside intel .
I pressed my lips firmly together and stepped toward my professor with a stern gaze .
Lets get one thing straight , Professor .
I got into this program on my own merits .
I didnt buy my way into this school , I worked hard to become the top student .
My dyslexia doesnt define who I am and what I am capable of doing .
If anything , it makes me work even harder to reach my goals .
I made it this far without the extra help and without my professors creating me as if I were incapable of accomplishing simple tasks .
I can read and write just fine ; it might be a little harder for me than others , but I perfectly fine , and I succeed with everything that I set my mind and heart on .
If you are incapable of manage teaching me as you do the others , then perhaps I should start looking into other professors .
Nicole smirked at her brother and folded her arms across her chest .
I told you , did I not ? She asked , raising her brows .
Professor Morgan shifted uncomfortably in his place and gazed at the ground sheepishly .
I apologize , Miss Montague , for my rudeness .
You are right , I shouldnt have assumed you were Chapter 0060 incapable just because I received this new knowledge .
I hope you accept my apologies .
I will once you relay my messages to not only my professors but to the dean as well , I am more than capable of accomplishing my tasks without their extra assistance and treating me as if I am stupid , I said firmly .
Professor Morgan bowed his head in submittance .
I will , he told me .
I stepped back and let out a long breath I hadnt known I was holding .
I guess now I knew why my professors had been acting strangely today .
Now , what were discussing before I got here ? Besides me , I asked , looking between the two of them .
Im introducing a new move today , he told me , rummaging through his folder and pulling out a piece of paper .
These are the coordinates of the move that I want everyone to practice today .
He handed me the paper and gave it a once over before nodding and handing it back to him .
Seems easy enough , I told him confidently .
He corked a brow .
Care to demonstrate ? I smirked and looked at Nicole .
Want to spar with me ? She nodded eagerly .
Yes , please , she said as she got into position .
One minute she was standing and preparing for my attack , and the next she was lying face up on the ground , her eyes wide and dazed .
I was standing over her with my elbow in her throat and my leg over my shoulder after I used my entire body to flip her to the ground .
I was crazy to doubt your capabilities , Professor Morgan chuckled , shaking his head .
For the rest of the class , Nicole was my sparring partner , and we practiced the new moves .
###Take 61
Chapter 0061 I wasnt surprised to see the familiar luxury car waiting for me outside school when I got done with my final class of the day .
Leroy waited for me outside of the car and when I approached , he gave me a polite smile before opening the back door for me .
I frowned at him .
You have to be careful .
If others see you , they will ask questions , I reminded him .
He dipped his head low , his cheeks reddening .
I hadnt thought of that ; I apologize , Miss Montague he murmured .
I sighed and slid into the car before anyone spotted me .
Leroy shut the door and got into the drivers seat .
The ride to Gavins Villa was quiet , but that was fine because it let me truly think about today as a whole .
Someone had told the dean about my dyslexia for a reason I wasnt sure of .
What were they thinking theyd accomplish ? Perhaps they wanted to ruin my reputation ? But why ? Leroy stopped the car and got out to open my door .
I thanked him and walked into the villa ; Adam was standing at the doorway , and he gave me a tight smile as I passed him .
I wasnt sure what his issue with me was , but I just ignored the attitude and found Matt already outside , practicing his aiming .
When he saw me , his face lit up .
Judy ! He exclaimed as he ran towards me .noveldrama
I smiled at him , relieved to see the little guy after the day I had .
I would be lying if I said I didnt find my work relaxing in some way .
At least Matt respected me and actually listened to me .
Ive been practicing my archery , he told me proudly Come look ! He pulled me along with him towards the archery set up and he grabbed an arrow from the quiver along with the bow off the ground .
I watched as he pulled the strings of the bow back and released the arrow ; it landed on the archery board almost hitting the target , but not quite .
However , it was a lot better than normal .
I smiled at the effort and clapped my hands .
That was a lot better , Matt , I praised .
Try lowering your shoulders just a little more though and aim slightly upward .
Matt grabbed another arrow from the quiver and did as I said , he lowered his shoulder and aimed slightly upward .
When he released the arrow , it flew thew the air at a rapid speed and the ni heard the thud as it landed directly on the bulls eye ! Matt cheered and the grin that spread across his face made my heart swell with pride .
Did you see that !! He cheered .
I cant believe I hit the mark !! I can , I told him with a chuckle .
I knew you could do it .
Chapter 0061 met Thanks , Judy , he said , hugging me tightly .
I chuckled and patted him on the back .
We should get inside now and do some of your homework , I told him .
He nodded and put the bow and arrow away before following me into the house .
We sat in the parlor as we often did when we did his homework .
He grabbed his worksheets from the day and showed them to me .
As we started to work on the assignments , I heard the front doors opening and shutting .
Soon , Ethan and Irene could be seen outside the parlor doors .
Irene was holding a big bouquet of flowers and she was glowing as she peeked up at her fiancé .
Ethan , you didnt have to get me flowers , she gushed .
They are lovely .
Not as lovely as you , he said , leaning down and brushing his lips across hers .
I cant wait to make you Mrs.
Cash .
My stomach tightened at his words ; Irene wrapped her arms around Ethans neck and pulled herself close to him .
I love you , she murmured against him .
He didnt reply with words ; but he kissed her deeply , showcasing his love for her as well .
His eyes flickered over to me , seated on the couch and I saw them darken .
I swallowed the lump in my throat , knowing that he was putting on a show for my benefit .
He pulled away from Irene and brushed a strand of blonde hair out of her face , allowing his fingers to linger on her check for a second longer .
You are the best thing thats ever happened to me , he said , kissing the bridge of her nose .
Her cheeks turned bright pink , and a smile spread across her perfect lips .
I cant wait to marry you , my love .
The entire time he spoke to her , he was looking at me .
###Take 62
Chapter 0062 Judys POV Oh , hey Judy , Irene said as she recovered from Ethans hold .
Her cheeks were flushed and that smile never left her lips .
She ran her fingers through her hair and gave me a sheepish look as she stepped into the parlor .
Matt lifted his gaze from his homework to look up at his sister .
How are things going in here ? She asked , taking the loveseat across the room , Ethan sat beside her , his fingers entwined with hers .
They were all lovey dovey and close to one another .
I I wondered if she knew that he was over at my house last night while she was desperately trying to call him .
Great , just finishing up some Algebra , I answered , turning back to Matt .
I tried my best to ignore Irene and Ethan while he whispered sweet nothing into her ear , making her giggle .
I couldnt help but feel the annoyance creep up my spine .
I could feel Ethans gaze landing on me periodically , but I just straightened my spine and focused on my work at hand .
I brought some pastries , one of the maids said , walking into the parlor .
She sat a tray on the coffee table for us all to share .
Thank you , Maria , Irene said politely .
The maid nodded and left the room moments later .
The Ethan stood and walked over to the coffee table , lowering himself as he took a look at the pastries .
They were scones and small sugar cookies .
They admittedly smelled delicious .
He picked up a couple of cookies and brought them back to the loveseat he shared with Irene .
He draped a protective arm around her , and I watched as he brought the cookie to her lips , She smiled as she opened her mouth and bit into the cookie .
Gag , Matt muttered , rolling his eyes .
Cant you do that somewhere else ? Irene frowned at him as Ethan wiped a crumb off the side of her lips , bringing his finger to his mouth and licking the crumb off his finger , his eyes lingeringon mine .
I pressed my lips in a thin line and glared at him ; he was doing this on purpose to get a rise out of me and I wasnt going to let it work .
You dont have to watch us , Irene snapped back .
She snuggled into Ethan who kissed the top of her head .
Not for the first time , I wondered if Ethan had something to do with the fact that my dead found out about my dyslexia .
At this point , I wouldnt be surprised if he did something as cruel as that to try and push me out of college .
The thought made my stomach twist and turn and was suddenly feeling sick .
I turned away from them and drowned myself in Matts work .
We worked tirelessly for the next hour while Irene and Ethan continued to snuggle and flirt on the loveseat .
Its almost like they didnt have anything better to do with their time .
By the time we finished Matts work , I was exhausted both physically and mentally , Chapter 0062 Do you want to stay for dinner again ? Matt asked as he put away his assignments .
I need to get home , I told him , standing to my feet .
But Ill see you tomorrow .
Matt pouted , but he didnt argue this time .
Im going to see what we are having for dinner and offer my assistance in the kitchen , Irene said , standing to her feet and pulling Ethan along with her .
Come with me ? she asked him , batting her long lashes in his direction .
He looked down at her and for a moment , I thought he was going to agree and accompany her of the kitchen .
But he only gave her a sweet smile and pressed his lips to hers , kissing her gently .
Ill meet you in there , I have to make a phone call .
She frowned at him , but she didnt argue .
Instead , she gave him a chased kiss on the lips and turned to look at me , giving me a breathy laugh .
My man is a hard worker , she said .
Always so busy .
It was nice to see you , Judy .
She started towards the kitchen , and Matt followed after her .
Ill come with you , he offered .noveldrama
She nodded and the two of them disappeared into the kitchen .
I grabbed my bag off the coffee table , fully aware that Ethan was watching my every move .
I tried my best to ignore him though , not wanting to give him the time of day .
I shouldered my bag and started to walk towards the door , but he grabbed my arm , halting me in my tracks .
I whipped around to face him , my eyes burning with fire .
###Take 63
Chapter 0063 Let go of me , I said through my teeth .
When are you going to stop pretending that you dont have feelings for me , Judy ? He asked , his tone sultry and his eyes dark with desires , making a cold chill run up my spine .
I know you still want me .
In your dreams , Ethan , I murmured , ripping my arm out of his grip .
You were watching us with those jealous eyes of yours , he told me , gripping my chin between his fingers , and forcing me to look up at him .
You cant deny that .
I was watching you flaunt your relationship , I told him .
It was unsettling and not called for .
Especially in front of her little brother .
He gave me a mock laughter .
Dont pretend to care about the little brat , he laughed .
We both know you are only using him to get into Gavins pants .
You have no idea what you are talking about ? I said through my teeth as I pushed his hand away from my face .
Dont pretend you arent deceitful , Judy , he sneered .
I narrowed my eyes at him and pressed my lips together .
You want to talk about being deceitful , Ethan ? Then how about you tell me how my dean found out about my dyslexia ? The flicker of recognition flashed in his eyes , and that told me exactly what I needed to know .
He knew exactly what I was talking about because he was the one who did this … my assumption was correct .
I dont know what you are talking about , he said , straightening his posture and giving me a pointed look .
You are talking nonsense .
I furrowed my brows at him .
I dont think Im the one speaking nonsense , I said shaking my head .
You told the dean about my dyslexia and then he told all my professors ! Youre the reason they were treating me poorly all day .
Stop making shit up , Judy .
I did no such thing , he growled , stepping closer to me .
He was never ge to tell me the truth , that much was obvious .
I hated him for getting himself involved in my education ; going he had no right to get involved like he did and yet he took it upon himself to speak with my dean and tell him something personal about me .
You dont even need to be at this school ; what are you learning there that you cant learn in the outside world ? Its pointless and a waste of money .
The professors are incompetent .noveldrama
Come with me to the house I bought for you , Judy .
He grabbed a hold of my arm , this time much tighter to a point where it was almost painful .
I was stunned by his boldness in the middle of Gavins parlor where his fiancé was only in the next room .
She could walk in at any moment and see Ethan manhandang me , but at this moment , he didnt seem to care .
Or maybe he had forgotten she was under the same roof .
Let go of me , Ethan , I said through my teeth , trying to shove his arm away , but he held on even Chapter 0063 tighter .
Just give in , Judy .
I know you want to , he murmured ; his other hand came around my waist and he pushed me against the wall .
My body was pinned between him and the wall ; there was nowhere for me to go .
Panic rose in my chest like bile and my body trembled as he pressed himself into me .
I felt his hot breath on the nape of my neck as he breathed in my scent , exhaling deeply before blowing his scent along my shoulder line .
I know you still want me , he murmured , his voice deep and sultry .
Once upon a time , his deep and subtle voice would have a completely different effect on me , but now it only filled me with disgust and despair .
I bit my lower lip , struggling against his hold , wanting to gain some distance between us .
Let me go , Ethan , I said again , my tone threateningly .
You dont really want me to let you go , do you ? He asked , his lips trailing up the nape of my neck .
Fury was boiling through me and just as I was about to shove him off me , the door of the parlor swung open and a new dominating presence filled the room .
What the hell is going on here ?
###Take 64
Chapter 0064 Gavins POV Remind me again why we are rushing to your Villa , Alpha ? Taylor asked , peering at me through the rearview mirror with a pointed look .
I ignored his look and kept my gaze fixed out the window .
We arent rushing , I murmured .
As soon as the meeting was over , you ran out of the packhouse , he reminded me , his brows raised .
Just focus on the road and not on my business , Beta , I said through my teeth , my Alpha aura shining brightly .
Taylor looked at me for a second longer before smirking and staring out the front window .
Yes , sir , he murmured .
The humor in his tone did not go unnoticed by me though .
I scowled , but I said nothing more as we reached the villa .
Taylor parked the car outside of the front entrance and I quickly got out .
I straightened my suit before clearing my throat and nodding my thanks to Taylor .
I could see him through the window , corking his brow at me , but I ignored him .noveldrama
I turned and walked into the villa .
Adam stood at the doorway , bowing his greeting as he often did when I returned home .
He was still being punished for his actions of spreading that lie about Judy , so he wasnt authorized to speak in my presence right now .
It would do him well to remember that .
I ignored him and walked straight into the villa , walking down the hallway until I reached the parlor where I knew Matt would be working on his homework .
I paused outside of the door when I heard a breathy whisper and what almost sounded like a panicked whimper .
My brows furrowed ; I could smell Judy from the other side of the door , but I couldnt smell Matt in the room with her .
In fact , it seemed his scent was so faint , that he hadnt been in this room for some time .
But there was a familiar scent that I knew all too well .
I scowled and I felt a low growl emerging from my throat as I burst through the doorway , only to find Judy pressed against the wall , pinned between the wall and Ethans body .
His lips were pressed against the nape of her neck and her eyes were closed for only a brief moment .
When she heard the door opening , her eyes swung open , and I watched as the color drained from her face .
What the hell is going on here ? I asked , my voice booming across the parlor .
Ethans entire body froze when he heard my voice , and he immediately released his hold on Judy .
Her cheeks were burning red , and the second Ethan released her , she had her arms wrapped around her body like she was trying to hold herself together .
Ethan looked as if he was about to say something , but didnt give him the chance ; I grabbed his collar and shoved him against the wall , hard .
The wall cracked from the force and Ethan winced in pain .
He might have Alpha blood , but he was no match for a Lyem .
Chapter 0064 How dare you betray my daughters trust like that .
Betraying her is the same as betraying me and you wont like what I do to those who betray me , I threatened through my teeth .
He was visibly shaking now , and I got sick satisfaction knowing I was making him sweat .
I swear … nothing happened , Alpha , Ethan said as his entire body trembled .
I gripped his throat and squeezed ; his face turned a bright shade of red as he struggled to breathe .
It didnt look like nothing , hissed .
Do you take me as a fool  ! N … no sir , he stammered .
Gavin , its not what it looked like , I heard Judy saying from behind me .
And you think Im going to take your word for it ? I asked , my eyes burning into Ethans face .
You promised you wouldnt do anything to jeopardize this bending marriage , and I catch you pressed against the wall with my daughters fiancé .
I kept my voice low , knowing my daughter was only in the kitchen ; I could smell her scent from here .
Irene would be crushed if she found out about this , said through my teeth .
I felt Judys hand on my back , a spark of some kind shot through my body , and I almost released Ethan .
He was still struggling to breathe and silently begging for some kind of relief .
It didnt mean anything , Judy said , her voice soft .
Please , let him go .
Irene would be upset if anything were to happen to him .
I knew she was right ; regardless of the situation , I knew Irene would never forgive me if I hurt Ethan .
I thought about the last time I told her I didnt approve of her relationship with him , and she threatened her own life .
She held a knife to her own throat , and I could see the fire and passion burning in her eyes ; she would have done it if I hadnt intervened and accepted Ethan as her lover .
The effect this asshole had on her made me sick ; I didnt know what she saw in him , and I dont know what Judy saw in him either .
1 released Ethan and he fell to the ground , coughing and rubbing his aching throat .
I knew the red marks on his neck wouldnt last ; he had Alpha blood , which meant he could heal faster than common werewolves .
###Take 65
Chapter 0065 Ethan nodded , his eyes dark and I could see that he was pissed , but he was biting his tongue .
Yes , Alpha , he rasped out .
He quickly left the parlor and went into the kitchen .
Judy stood her ground , her eyes finding mine , searching for something … but I wasnt sure what .
Are you proud of yourself ? I asked her ; I couldnt help but look at her with disgust .
Was that your goal ? To prove that you still had him in the palm of your hand ? She blinked at me .
30 Are you serious ? She asked , raising her brows .
I didnt ask for that to happen .
He attacked me ; he kept me pressed against the wall despite my efforts to get him to release me .
He wouldnt let me go .
And you expect me to believe that ? I asked , shaking my head .
It seems every time I turn my back , you and Ethan find your way back to each other .
Is that a coincidence ? She pressed her lips together and stared into my eyes I didnt ask for that to happen , nor did I want it to happen , she said slowly .
But you can think what you want .
She started to walk away but I grabbed her arm .
We arent done here- 1 Just as I was about to say more , the door swung open , and Irene walked in with Ethan and Matt behind her .
She paused when she saw us and she frowned , stating between the two of us before her eyes landed on my hand still wrapped around Judys forearm .
Am I interrupting something ? She asked , raising her brows .
I released Judys arm as if she had just burned me .
No , I said sharply .
We were just talking .
Is everything okay ? Irene bit her lip and then nodded .
The dinner was burnt pretty badly , she said , tucking a strand of hair behind her ear .
The maids said they can cook another meal for us , but itll take some time to prepare .noveldrama
Tell them not to bother .
We can just go out to dinner tonight , I told her .
Her eyes grew large , and she glanced over her shoulder at Matt who was bouncing in his shoes excitedly .
Like a family dinner ? Matt asked .
I nodded ; its been a while since I took my family out to a meal in public .
It would be a nice change ; I suppose by default , Id have to take Ethan as well though .
Thats a great idea , Irene said , a sweet smile on her ps .
Judy , you should come too .
You havent eaten all day , and you must be hungry .
Chapter 0065 Judy frowned as she looked at each of us ; we all stared back at her , waiting on a response .
I knew she was going to try and get out of this though .
The last thing she wanted was to be stuck at a dinner table with the Landry family and her ex .
No , it- Yes , Judy will come along as well , I said , interrupting her before she could decline the invitation .
Judy .
gawked at me .
I should be getting home … You need to eat , I told her firmly .
Its just dinner , Judy .
She looked as if she wanted to protest , but Matt eagerly ran to Judy and wrapped his arms around her legs .
He immediately started to babble about how excited he was about this outing .
We went to an Italian restaurant in the Silver Crescent pack ; Irene gave Judy one of her dresses to wear so she wasnt underdressed .
I hated how much skin she was showing , but I hated even more how beautiful she was .
Her long slender legs drew my attention when she walked and when she leaned forward in her seat , her cleavage nearly spilled out of the gown .
I swallowed the lump in my throat , my Adams apple moving slightly .
She was seated beside me , and Matt was seated on the other side of me .
Irene and Ethan were seated in front of us , and Ethan was directly in front of Judy .
I couldnt help but notice him looking in her direction periodically and Judy did everything she could t avoid his eyes .
Curiosity got the better of me and I wondered what was truly going on between the two of them .
Irene was completely oblivious of the tension between her fiancé and his ex .
She kept sipping on her wine and nibbling on the breadsticks , mindlessly listening to Matt talk about what a badass Judy was during their sparring practice .
The waiter soon arrived with our meals , which silenced Matt .
Judy slowly started to eat her chicken parm and she let out a soft moan as she tasted the food .
The sound immediately went straight to my cock , and I cursed under my breath .
Damn her ! Dad , are you okay ? Irene observed from across the table .
You seem off .
I forced a smile and said , Im fine .
Just eat your food .
She looked at me thoughtfully for a moment , and then her attention was taken off me when Ethan brought a meatball to her lips .
She smiled at him and bit into the meatball off his fork , chuckling as sauce got on her cheek .
He wiped off the sauce with his finger and then licked it off .
I glanced at Judy who was watching them as well , her jaw tight .
I couldnt help myself , I leaned toward her and whispered , Dont they make such a nice couple ? Lets not ruin it for them , okay ?
###Take 66
Chapter 0066 Judys POV I thought Gavin would have taken me home first and then gone home with the others , so I was surprised when he dropped Irene , Matt , and Ethan off at the villa first .
As soon as they left the car and shut the door behind them , Beta Taylor rolled up the window separating the backseat from the front seat .
I furrowed my brows and glanced at Gavin who was facing forward and avoiding my eyes .
Did you make me go out to dinner with you and your family just to rub Ethans relationship in my face ? I found myself asking , my tone unwavering .
You needed to see that they are together and nothing you do is going to break them apart , Gavin said , his voice void of all emotions .
And you think I want to break them apart ? I asked .
I dont want anything to do with Ethan Good , so it should be easy for you to stay away from him then , right ? He asked , turning his head to face me ; his eyes pouring into mine as if he was staring into my soul .
I found myself paralyzed as I stared back at him , almost captivated by him .
Right , I answered , my voice coming out breathy .
Before I knew what was happening , Gavin was cupping the back of my head , keeping me still as he lowered himself to eye level .
He was so close to me , that I could feel his warm breath brushing across my lips .
My eyes tried to flutter shut , but I desperately fought to keep them open , not wanting to give in to the sweet temptation that was clouding my mind .
But Gavin Landry made it almost impossible to resist .
My heart was hammering so wildly against my ribcage , I thought it was going to beat out of my chest .
Lets get one thing straight , Miss Montague , he said , his voice deep and making my legs weak .
If my daughter gets hurt because of your antics with her fiancé , I will be holding go easy on you .
Nothing and nobody is more important than my family .
you accountable and I wont You dont even like Ethan .
So , why do you want her with him so badly ? I asked , my voice barely above a whisper .
I knew I shouldnt have asked that question , because it doesnt make me look good .
It almost makes me sound like a homewrecker , but I couldnt help myself .
Since Ive been around Gavin and Ethan , its clear that Gavin doesnt like him .
I mean , he almost killed him earlier .
If I hadnt reminded him that Irene would be upset if Ethan was hurt , he probably would have killed him .
I couldnt understand why a father would want his daughter to be with someone he couldnt stand .
As soon as the question left my lips , Gavins face darkened , and he released his hold on the back of my head .
Thats not your concern , he murmured .
Keep your nose out of other peoples business .
I stared down at my hands , tugging at my fingers awkwardly .
You are right ; Im sorry , I said softly .
The car soon stopped , and I realized we were outside my house .
I unbuckled my seatbelt and peeked Chapter 0066 over at Gavin ; he seemed detached almost .
Like he was lost in thought , and I wanted to ask him what was on his mind , but I knew that wasnt my business either .
Thank you for the ride , Alpha Landry , I said as I pushed the door open .
I could feel his eyes on me as I slid out of the car and shut the door behind me .
The cold night air wrapped around me , and I shivered ; this dress that Irene let me borrow left nose room for wondering what was beneath .
There was more skin than fabric and it wasnt really weather appropriate .
I wrapped my arms around myself and shivered as I made my way to the doorway .
Before I could walk any further , I felt warmth wrapping around my shoulders and my entire body froze .
I looked down to see a familiar jacket draped around my body .noveldrama
I slowly turned to see Gavin standing closely behind me ; he had taken his coat off and put it around my shoulders .
My face warmed as I looked up at him .
You should have been more prepared for the weather he told me , his voice indifferent .
I frowned at him .
I wasnt planning on wearing a dress this evening , told him .
Especially not one so revealing .
His eyes gazed down at my body briefly before traveling back up to my eyes .
Dont make this a habit , he muttered and then he turned and started to walk back towards his car .
###Take 67
Chapter 0067 A habit ? Seriously ? I called after him .
Then maybe dont force me to go out to a fancy restaurant with you and your family .
I didnt really have much of a choice in my attire .
He didnt reply , he got back into the backseat of the car , slamming the door shut behind him .
led and marched to my front door .
I reached into my bag to grab my set of keys .
Unlocking the door , I pushed it open to peer into my dark house , sighing I turned back to see that the car was still there ; he never drove away until I was securely in the house .
It was one of the things I appreciated about Gavin Landry ; it made me think that maybe he did care .noveldrama
As soon as I got inside , the car drove off and I let out the breath I hadnt known I was holding .
My entire body trembled , and I held his coat tightly around me , inhaling deeply .
It smelled just like him .
The next day .
What are we going to practice today ? Matt asked as we made our way outside .
We finished doing his homework and I promised him we would go outside for some extra training .
I was thinking we could practice defense , I answered .
I think you need to learn to better protect yourself in case of an emergency .
A rogue attack could happen at any time .
** Our warriors are the best ; they would never let any rogues in our borders , Matt said , his voice filled with pride .
Maybe so , but but you can never be too careful Master Matthew , I teased .
He smirked but he didnt argue .
I showed him some of the new moves that Ive been working on in my own defense classes and he mimicked the moves almost flawlessly .
I have to say , I was pretty impressed with his level of expertise .
Wow , I said as he blocked my attack for what felt like the hundredth time .
You are really good at this .
Defense was one of the things my father taught me , he explained with a shrug .
He also said I needed to be prepared for anything .
Well , hes a wise man , I said , grabbing a water bottle from the ice bucket I set out for our training session .
I handed Matt a water and then grabbed one for myself .
He is , Matt said thoughtfully .
Hes the best when hes around .
I gave him a sympathetic look .
Do you wish he could be around more often ? He stared down at the water bottle , fiddling mindlessly with the cap .
It would be nice , he murmured .
But I get that hes busy … Chapter 0067 I put my hand on his shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze .
Im sorry , Matt , I told him sincerely .
He kept his eyes fixed on the water bottle and I could tell something was weighing on his mind .
I wondered if it still had to do with his father , or if it was something else .
Is there something else wrong ? I asked .
He looked a bit sheepish , and his cheeks turned pink .
Kind of , he murmured .
I might have gotten in trouble at school today … and now they want to have a parent teacher conference .
Does Gavin know ? I asked .
Matt shook his head and looked up at me .
Hell be so mad if he found out , Matt said in a hoarse whisper .
I cant tell him .
Well , if you dont tell him , then what are you going to do ? Your teachers are expecting your parent there .
He nodded and then he took a deep breath .
I was wondering if maybe you could be my mom for the conference … I raised my brows .
But Matt , Im not your mom , I reminded him .
I know that , he said quickly.
But you could pretend Just for the conference ! Your father would kill us both if he found out about this , I said , shaking my head .
I cant risk my job Η You arent going to get fired, Judy .
You are the first tutor that I actually like .
My dad wont risk losing you , Matt told me .
Please , Judy .
He wont have to know if we dont tell him .
If he finds out about me getting in trouble , hell disown me .
I smiled at him .
He would never do that , Matt , I assured him .
I cant lose him … I saw the panic in his eyes , and I furrowed my brows , wondering where this was coming from .
Please , help me … Staring into his pleading and desperate eyes , my heart tugged for the young boy .
I sighed and then I finally nodded .
Okay , Ill help you , Matt .
Ill pretend to be your mother .
###Take 68
Chapter 0068 Judys POV I could not believe I actually agreed to this .
I stared at myself in the mirror with a frown .
I was wearing a female business suit that seemed to have aged me a few years .
Matt was right when he said that I could pull off being his mother .
For a moment , I had doubts that I could be too young , and the teachers would never fall for it .
But those doubts slipped away when I grabbed one of my mothers business attires and slipped it on .
I glanced at the clock and sighed ; I only had a few minutes before my Uber arrived and took me to Matts school .
I wasnt even sure what it was he did that got him in trouble .
I should have asked so I could better prepare my response .
It had to be the response of a parent though ; I had to be angry with him and give him a stern talking to .
I ran my fingers through my hair , wondering if maybe I should put my hair in a low ponytail instead of leaving it down .
I swallowed the lump in my throat and shook my head ; no … if I cant pull off being his mother , then my next bet is to seduce the teacher .
Or so Nan would tell me if I were to tell her what I was up to today .
The honking outside indicated that my Uber was there I took a deep breath before giving myself one more look in the mirror .
Satisfied with my attire , I grabbed my purse off my bed , shouldered it , and quickly left the room .noveldrama
I was surprised that my mother was in the living room when I got downstairs ; and even more surprised when I saw that she was sipping on a cup of coffee .
When she saw me , she gave me a small smile and motioned for the kitchen with her head .
I brewed some coffee if youd like some , she offered You brewed the coffee yourself ? I asked .
She raised her brows at me .
Im capable of brewing coffee , Judy , she told me , her tone flat .
1 blinked a few times .
I didnt mean it like that , Mom .
I just meant you havent really been up to doing anything lately is all , I told her .
Im glad youre out of bed .
I figured its time that I start making some changes in my life and I cant do that if Im stuck in my room all day , can I ? She asked , taking another sip of her coffee .
I smiled and walked around the couch to hug her .
As I wrapped my arms around her , her body seemed to have stiffened .
But it only lasted a moment because soon she was relaxing and resting her head on my shoulder .
Then she lifted her head to look at me with a frown .
Are you wearing my clothes ? She asked .
I swallowed and gave her an awkward laugh .
Chapter 0068 I have an interview , I lied .
I needed something professional to wear .
Would this job be good paying ? She asked .
I nodded .
Maybe even enough to pay off Dads debt , I told her .
Her face lit up .
I have a meeting with his lawyers today to discuss some other options they may have found , she told me .
Ill keep you posted on what I find out .
I nodded .
and w Ill be home a little later can talk then , I assured her .
The honking outside grew more constant and I knew if I didnt go outside right now , the Uber driver would drive away without me .
I have ot go , I told her , kissing her cheek .
I love you .
I love you , Judy , she said thoughtfully .
I quickly ran out of the house and into the backseat of the Uber .
The ride was quiet as we reached the school and as the Uber driver parked , my anxiety only grew more intense .
I thanked him and slipped out of the car .
When I walked into the school , the halls were quiet .
I assumed most students were in class .
It didnt take me long to reach the main office because it was near the schools front entrance .
The receptionist , a young blonde woman , was typing away on her computer , barely paying attention to anything going on around her .
She barely spared me a look as I stepped in front of her desk .
I had to clear my throat a couple of times for her to acknowledge me finally .
She sighed and lifted her gaze to meet mine .
Can I help you ? She asked , raising her perfectly trimmed brows .
Yes , Im here to speak with the principal , I said , taking in the blonde in front of me .
And who might you be ? Judy Landry , I lied .
Im Matts mom .
She narrowed her eyes at me , taking me in from my toes to my head before she let out a bark of laughter .
She had to sit back in her seat and hold her stomach while she continued to laugh ; my checks burned hot .
She could see right through me because if I was Mrs.
Landry , that meant I was married to Gavin Landry , and everybody knew that Gavin was an eligible bachelor and a playboy .
I should have thought that through before speaking , but now that the lie was out there , I couldnt exactly take it back .
###Take 69
Chapter 0069 Youre Gavin Landrys wife ? She asked .
The Gavin Landry ? Yes , I said , folding my arms across my chest .
Is there a problem ? Only that Gavin Landry isnt married and if he were to get married , it wouldnt be to a nobody like you , she said , narrowing her eyes at me .
Do you think Im an idiot ? I think I was called to this parent / teacher conference because my son got in trouble , I said , raising my brows .noveldrama
Look , I dont know who you think you are , but you are certainly not a Landry .
You dont even look like youd be Matthew Landrys mother .
You look like an overgrown toddler in your business suit .
You are pathetic and weak and not suitable to be a Landry , she said through her teeth .
Lucy , is there a problem out here ? A man asked from a nearby doorway .
The plaque on the door read : Principal Thome .
He was Matts principal and the one I needed to meet with .
No , sir , the woman , Lucy , said , her eyes still digging a hole into my face .
This woman was claiming to be Mrs.
Landry .
How pathetic does she sound ? Principal Thorne looked me over carefully , his thin lips thinning even more as he took me in .
I felt uncomfortable under his scrutiny and suddenly I just wanted the ground to open and swallow me whole .
You are Mrs.
Landry ? He asked , narrowing his eyes at me .
I wasnt aware that Alpha Gavin , the most powerful Lycan Chairmen in the world , was married since his fated mate died years ago .
I swallowed the lump in my throat and kept my gaze steadily on his .
I am his wife , yes , I lied , hating that I didnt even sound convincing to myself .
This made Lucy laugh even harder .
11 She sounds so stupid , Lucy chuckled .
Look at her ; Gavin would never marry someone like her .
Shes a nobody .
No pack has ever even heard of her .
Principal Thorne looked me over again , almost as if his wheels were turning .
You sure are a looker though , he said , wiggling his brows at me .
My entire face turned hot as I stared at him in disbelief .
Was he making a pass at me ? Perhaps we can forget about this whole thing if you make it worth my while .
I have a few minutes before my next meeting .
He winked at me , making bile rise in my throat .
A girl like her is only good for one thing ; spreading her legs , Lucy chuckled ; she stared at me like I was nothing more than a bug she had just stepped on .
You think so ? Principal Thorne asked as he stepped closer to me ; I was rooted to the ground , unable to actually move .
He reached over and brushed a strand of hair out of my face ; his touch against my skin burned and I would have slapped him if he wasnt Matts principal .
Then perhaps she should prove it to me first .
I might even let Matthew off the hook.
Chapter 0069 Gavin Landry is going to lose his shit when he finds out that this imposter is pretending to be his wife .
Everybody knows that Gavin is a single man , and he would never be caught seen with someone like this bitch .
You should be ashamed of yourself for trying to trick us .
Just as I was about of step away , Principal Thorne grabbed my arm and started to yank me toward his office .
For wasting my time , you can make it up to me , he said as he continued to pull me along with him .
I struggled against his hold as Lucy chuckled and grabbed her phone .
She started to take pictures of the situation .
Let go of me , I ordered , my wrist turning red from his hands .
Not before I get what I want , the principal sneered .
Panic struck me suddenly ; was this the man who looked over the students ? He was a complete monster ! How dare he lay a hand on me like this !! The door of the main office swung open , and we all froze when a couple of the Silver Crescent Gamma warriors walked in along with Beta Taylor .
My heart fell deep into my stomach upon seeing them , ne that the next person who walked through the door would be Gavin Landry .
I was busted and this was going to be so humiliating .
###Take 70
Chapter 0070 Judys POV what exactly is going on in here ? Gavin asked as he stepped into the room ; his eyes scanning the situation and then landing on the hand that was still very much wrapped around my wrist , marking it red from the force .
I watched Gavins eyes darken in fury when he noticed the red marks on my wrist because of the principal .
Alpha Landry , Lucy said , bowing her head in respect to Gavin .
Its such an honor to finally meet you .
I am a huge fan .
Im Lucy I didnt ask , Gavin said , holding up a hand to silence her .
She immediately clamped her mouth shut , her cheeks growing pinker by the second .
His eyes never left Principal Thornes .
Release her hand from her wrist .
Principal Thorne immediately released me , and I pulled my hand toward my chest , rubbing my aching wrist .
Gavin motioned with his head towards me and his Gammas quickly rushed to retrieve me from Principal Thornes side and usher me gently towards Cavins side .
LL Alpha Gavin , there seemed to be a misunderstanding I was only protecting your reputation .
This nobody half whit is pretending to be our wife and the mother of your child , Principal Thorne said , making my cheeks grow impossibly hot .
Yeah , shes a nobody ! We were only standing up for your honor and reputation by teaching her a lesson , Lucy agreed .
Gavin glanced in my direction , and I could feel the questions and judgment circling around his mind .
The only thing I could do was hold my head in shame .
There was no getting out of this ; I was caught and now I was going to pay the price for it .
I was probably going to lose my job , and Matt was going to get into even more trouble … all because I couldnt pull off this stupid lie .
I should have thought more clearly .
What was I thinking saying I was Gavins wife ? Just because I am late to my sons meeting does not give you the right to treat my wife with such disrespect , Gavin spat , glaring at the principal .
I snapped my head up to look at him , shocked by his words .
Gavin looked furious as he glared at Principal Thorne and Lucy .
Both their faces had gone completely white as they stared back at him .
W … wife ? Principal Thorne stammered .
I dont understand .
Whats not to understand ? Gavin asked and to my uter shock , he wrapped an arm around my shoulders and pulled me into his side .
Judy is my wife , and you treated her poorly .
But … but you are a bachelor ! Lucy gasped .
How is it possible that you have a wife  Those were all rumors , Gavin said , snapping her a look .
Judy is my wife and the mother of my child .
Lucy looked as if she was seconds away from crying while the principal broke out into a cold sweat .
They both were at a loss for words , and it would have been comical if I also wasnt shocked .
Was Gavin really helping me out of this situation ? Chapter 0070 But why ? When I looked up at him , he was still glaring at them sternly .
He was so handsome , even when he was angry .
His arm was still wrapped protectively around me , and it took everything I had not to lean into him further and inhale his scent deeply .
I am so deeply sorry , Mrs.
Landry .
Please , accept my apology .noveldrama
My receptionist is new and wasnt sure what she was talking about .
Lucys mouth dropped from being thrown under the bus like that .
She whipped around to face him , and her eyes narrowed .
You were the one trying to have your way with her ! She hissed .
I flinched at the mention of what the principal was about to do to me .
We are here to talk about Matthew , are we not ? Gavin asked , interrupting their argument .
Principal Thorne bowed his head , keeping his eyes fixed on the ground .
sir .
Come into my office , he said , motioning to the door behind him .
Lead the way , Gavin said .
He kept his arm around me and pulled me along with him towards the office door .
But then he stopped and looked at Taylor .
Deal with her .
He motioned with his head toward Lucy who paled even more .
Yes , sir , Taylor said with a smirk before turning to a very frantic Lucy .
A … Alpha ? She stammered , trying to get his attention , but he was paying her no mind .
I walked with Gavin into the office and shut the door behind me .
Please , take a seat , Principal Thorne said nervously , pointing to the seats in front of the desk as he sat on the other side of his desk Gavin entwined his fingers through mine , and it felt as if my face was being lit on fire .
He ran his thumb across the red markings on my wrist and his eyes darkened , making me grimace .
I wondered if it was me , he was mad at , or Principal Thorne .
###Take 71
Chapter 0071 He walked me over to the chairs and made me sit in one of them as he sat in the other , his fingers still wrapped around mine gently .
So , tell us what our son had done , Gavin said , turning his attention to the principal who was watching us warily .
Principal Thorne cleared his throat and looked between the two of us .
Matthew got into a fight yesterday in the lunchroom , he explained , making me gasp .
We have zero tolerance for fighting in this school and the only reason he wasnt expelled was because hes a Landry .
I wanted to discuss with you the proper punishment for the boy .
I expected Gavin to list out different punishments for Matt ; fighting was certainly not okay and if he couldnt be expelled because hes a Landry , then there has to be something else that could be done .
I expected Gavin to be furious with Matt about this behavior .
But what I wasnt expecting was the calmness that fell over him as he stared at the principal , as if it was Principal Thorne who was in the wrong .
He leaned back in his seat and took in the principal before him .
And why exactly did Matt fight this boy ? Do you know the reasoning ? Gavin asked .
I raised my brows at the question ; that was actually a good question .
I turned to face the principal , waiting for an answer .
I … Im not exactly sure … the principal said , his brows pinched together .
You didnt bother to ask him what had happened to upset him ? Gavin asked , raising his brows .
Matt isnt known to be violent unless theres a reason behind it .
I knew Gavin was right ; Matt didnt seem to those tutors he chased off werent there for good reason ; they were selfish , greedy , and mistreated Matt , all because they wanted to get with his father .
Matt had every reason to chase them away .
But once you get to know him , hes a sweet little boy who only wants his family to spend more time with him .
a violent bone in his body unless it was deserved .
All Hes lonely and often sad ; he craves attention , and hell get that attention any way he can .
But I cant see him seeking out that kind of attention at school .
I knew school was important to him ; it was obvious from how hard he worked during our study sessions .
He wouldnt do anything to jeopardize that unless there was good reason .noveldrama
It doesnt matter the reasoning .
He still went against our school rules , Principal Thorne said , folding his arms across his chest .
I know hes your son , Alpha Landry , but something needs to be done about his behavior .
His behavior ? 1 finally found my voice to speak .
You dont even know the cause of his behavior and you expect us to punish him ? How do we know Matt was the one who started this fight ? He could have been defending himself .
Why arent the other boys parents here ? Are you planning on punishing him as well ? The other boy had a broken nose and needed to go to the nurses office , Principal Thorne said , his frown deepening Chapter 0071 And how do you know he didnt deserve it ? Gavin asked ..
Alpha , I- My wife and I had taught our son to stand up for himself , so we find it hard to believe that Matt would punch this boy in the face for no reason , Gavin said , interrupting him .
My cheeks burned when he called me his wife ; I glanced at him , and I saw that the corner of his lips was tipping upward like he was trying not to laugh .
I pressed my lips together and turned to face the principal .
Call him to us so we can talk to him , I said , glad that my voice came out stronger than I felt .
The principal swallowed and then nodded as he grabbed his phone .
Can you bring Matthew Landry to my office ? He asked into the phone .
Thanks , He hung up and took a deep breath .
Gavin nodded his approval .
We sat in silence for what felt like an eternity .
Gavin kept his hand entwined with mine and occasionally hed reach over and brush a strand of hair out of my face .
H was putting on a show for the principal , but it was only making my heartbeat faster .
Moments later , the door opened , and Matthew walked into the room .
The moment his eyes landed on his father ; his entire body froze .
D … dad ?
###Take 72
Chapter 0072 Judys POV W … what are you doing here ? Matt asked , his eyes wide as he stared up at his father .
Gavin corked a brow upward and stared back at his son I was called in for a parent / teacher conference , he explained .
I was surprised to see your mother already here .
Matt glanced at me , his cheeks burning red , matching mine .
My … my mother … Matt whispered , staring at the ground now .
Yes , Gavin said , tucking a strand of hair behind my ear and running his fingers down my cheek , causing goosebumps to form on my flesh .
I thought she had to work today and wouldnt be able to make it .
I was surmised when I saw her here .
Matt lifted his gaze to look at us ; questions surfacing in his eyes and a lot of confusion .
He was just as lost as I was .
He couldnt believe that his father was actually playing along with our antics .
I asked her if she could come here instead .
I didnt want you to be mad at me , Matt admitted , shifting in his shoes uncomfortably .
I see , Gavin said , leaning back in his seat .
And you thought I wouldnt understand your situation ? Matt nodded , biting his lower lip and chewing on it nervously .
I didnt want you to be disappointed in me , he murmured .
Im sorry , Dad .
How about you tell me exactly what had happened , Gavin said , his eyes never leaving his sons .
Why did you beat up that boy ? Matt lifted his gaze to meet his fathers and then he looked at me .
His cheeks were getting even redder , and I knew he didnt want to say it out loud .
I wondered what had happened to cause him to act this way , but I also knew it wasnt my business .
I wasnt really his mother .
Come to think of it ; I wasnt really sure who his mother was .
I knew that Gavins fated mate died during childbirth years ago , but did she die during Irenes birth , or Matthews birth ? If it was Irenes birth , then Matthew would have had to have come from a different woman .
I didnt even know Gavin had a son until I started tutoring him ; hes been kept out of the limelight for so long , that I found myself more curious about the dynamic than anything .
I can leave if you want to talk to your father alone , I finally said , starting to stand , but Gavins hand prevented me from going anywhere .
Whatever you need to say to me , you can say in front of your mother , he said , his eyes never leaving his sons .
Matt nodded and fiddled with his fingers for a moment before finally speaking .
He was telling me that I was motherless and unwanted .
Not even my own father wanted me , Matt murmured .
He told me I would never be an important part of the Landry family .
I was about to leave Chapter 0072 the lunchroom , but then he pushed me and told me that I didnt deserve the last name Landry and that my mother probably killed herself because of me .
I couldnt take it anymore and I punched him in the face .
I forgot my own strength and broke his nose … I gasped and covered my mouth with my hands , finally breaking free from Gavns hold on my hand .
He had loosened it when he heard the story , and I could see his eyes were wide as he stared at his son .
Im sorry , Dad .
I know Im not supposed to fight … but I couldnt- Gavin held up his hand to silence his son before he could utter another word .
I wanted to scold Gavin for dismissing his sons words like that , but then he turned around to face the principal , his eyes icy and sending a chill down my spine from his cold aura .
As I said before , my son would have had a proper reason for doing what he did .
Now , Id like to know what exactly you are going to do about that boy who was bullying my son? The principal looked taken aback as he looked from Matt to Gavin and then to me .
I … Im so sorry , I had no idea … No , you didnt , Gavin said , interrupting him .noveldrama
You didnt bother to ask .
You were quick to point your fingers at Matthew without giving him a proper chance to explain things .
As the biggest shareholder of this school , I want that boy suspended for what he had done to my son and if he ever speaks another ill word to anyone else in this school , especially Matt , then he will get expelled .
As for Matt , no punishment is deserved at this time .
Gavin stood up , taking hold of my hand once again and pulling me to my feet as well .
Ill be taking him home for the rest of the day , Gavin said with finality .
Y … yes sir , Principal Thorne said , lowering his gaze I apologize for this misunderstanding .
As Gavin started to walk towards the door , he paused before opening it .
Oh , and youll need a new receptionist .
My Beta just red yours , he added and then he opened the door and stormed out of the office , pulling me along with him .
###Take 73
Chapter 0073 Matt followed closely behind us .
We didnt stop walking until we were outside of the school and near the car that Beta Taylor was waiting in .
The other Gamma warriors were standing guard , but not close enough where they could hear the conversation , but close enough where they could step in if anything were to happen .
Want to tell me what the hell you two were thinking ? Gavin asked , finally releasing his hold on my hand .
I dropped my gaze to the ground .
Its my fault , Dad .
I asked her to pretend to be my mom , Matt blurted , quickly trying to reason with his father .
I didnt want you to be upset .
I was scared so I asked Judy if she could help me during our tutoring session last night .
Gavins eyes flickered to me .
And you went along with it ? He asked , narrowing his eyes .
I probably should have asked him more questions about what had happened , I admitted .
Im Alpha .
I didnt mean to deceive you .
# sorry , You are both foolish and acted childishly .
Did you not think that they would ask questions about my marriage ? The world would have known if I had gotten married , dont you think ? I nodded and bit my lower lip .
I wasnt thinking properly .
I shouldnt have insinuated that we were married , I murmured .
Im sorry .
He shook his head as if he was disappointed in me .
I couldnt help but feel like a child being scolded by her parent .
Please , dont be upset with her .
It was my idea , Matt said , grabbing his fathers arm .
Dont be mad at Judy .
Shes the adult , Gavin said , narrowing his eyes at his son .
She should have known better .
Its okay , Matthew , I said , trying to keep the tears from spilling out of my eyes .
Pm sorry I couldnt pull this off for you .
But you dont need to defend me .
will take whatever punishment he hands me .
I turned to face Gavin and took a deep breath .
If you want to fire me , then thats okay .
I will find a new job , I told him .
Gavin narrowed his eyes at me , and he stared at me for a long moment before rolling his eyes and walking towards the car .
I turned around to face him , watching his retreating back .
I furrowed my brows .
Confused about what had just happened .
I looked down at Matt who was equally confused .
Matt then shrugged and walked towards the car as well .
I stayed rooted to the ground , unsure if they wanted me to follow them or not .
It wasnt until they were Chapter 0073 both in the car that Gavin glanced in my direction .
Get in , we dont have all day , he muttered .
I quickly joined them in the backseat of the car .
Beta Taylor had the window separating the backseat from the front seat rolled up , giving us some privacy .
We were stuck in traffic for a bit , and it was taking the ride longer than usual to get back to Gavins villa .
At one point , Matt ended up falling asleep .
He rested his head on my arm , and I felt his breathing lighten .noveldrama
Gavin looked down at his son and sighed .
Im sorry , I said in a soft tone .
For how things went down today .
I shouldnt have gone along with it .
No , you shouldnt have , he replied sharply but also keeping his tone low so he wouldnt wake Matt .
I sighed and glanced out the window , not sure what more to say .
But thank you for being there for him , he added , surprising me .
I turned ot look back at him , blinking a few times .
Youre thanking me ? I asked , raising my brows .
Dont let it get to your head , Gavin murmured .
Matt doesnt have a mother figure in his life , so its nice that you were there for him when he needed one , I bit my lip , unable ot keep the smile from spreading across my face .
Im sorry if this is a bold question , but who is Matts thother ? Gavin was quiet for a long while and I thought for a second he wasnt going to answer me .
Honestly , I expected him not to answer me .
But then he glanced in my direction .
My sister .
I gasped and snapped a look in his direction .
What ? I asked , shocked .
Dont get the wrong idea , he said sharply .
Matt is my sisters child .
Im his uncle .
Realization dawned on me ; Matt wasnt actually Gavins son .
Thats why his identity has been kept out of the limelight for so long ! What happened to your sister ? I asked .
Shes in a rehab facility getting the help she needs .
Matt was young when he was taken out of her home .
It wasnt a good environment .
I didnt want him growing up as a foster child , so I took him in .
he started calling me dad a few years
###Take 74
Chapter 0074 Judys POV And he knows that you arent his biological child ? asked , glancing down at a sleeping Matthew .
Gavin nodded .
Yes, he said softly .
He remembers his time with his mother .
It wasnt good and he often still has nightmares .
He started to call me dad a few years ago after he started living with me .
It was nice of you to take him in , I said , my heart swelled a little at the thought of Gavin caring about someone so much that he would do anything for them .
He treated Matt just like he was his normal son , and I never had any reason to doubt that Matt wasnt his son .
Hes family , Gavin said with a shrug , I wanted to say more , but I wasnt sure what to say .
I wasnt sure what would be appropriate to say .
So , I remained quiet until the car pulled to a stop in front of the villa .
We should probably wake him so we can get started on his lessons for today , I said .
Gavin nodded .
I nudged Matt a little and ran my hand down the side of his face ; he looked so peaceful when he was sleeping , and I felt bad waking him up .
But soon, his eyes fluttered open and he yawned as he lifted his head off my arm to look around the car .
Are we home ? He asked , blinking a few times to adjust his eyes .
Yes , I answered at the same time as Gavin answered We are .
I looked at Gavin and I couldnt help the warmth that spread across my face .
Thanks for helping me today , Matt said as he hugged me .
You were a good mom .
I blushed even harder now , and the smirk Gavin had on his mouth did not go unnoticed .
Lets go inside and get some work done , I said as I pushed the door open , not wanting to discuss this any further .
I heard Matts laughter sounding from behind me .
Third Person POV Remind me again why we are preparing all these meals , Ethan asked as he stared at all the different platters that had been set up by malds .
Irene had been running around all morning like a chicken with her head cut off , making sure everything was clean and cooked perfectly Because my cousin Walter is coming to visit from a different country , and he has never been here before ! I havent seen him since I was a little girl and Im so excited to meet him again .
Chapter 0074 What country ? And How long is he here for ? France ; and hes here for a month , Irene answered .
Hes a journalist and hes working on at worldwide article .
Hes looking for the latest scoop and he wanted to start here .
So , Walter is your fathers nephew ? Ethan asked .
Yes , she replied .
My father has a younger brother and an older sister .
Hes the middle child .
And his younger brother left the country ? She nodded thoughtfully .
To be with his mate , she explained .
He went there for a business trip when they met .
She didnt want to leave her country , and he didnt want to leave without her .
So , he planted new roots there .
He left everything behind and started over completely .
They were only able to conceive one child , Walter .
Hes only a couple of years older than me and hes already so successful in his country .
Do you have a photo of him ? I wonder if I heard of him , Ethan said , curiously .
She pulled out her phone and brought up a photo of Walter Landry .
He looked like a supermodel with his perfect curls of blonde hair and his dark blue eyes .
He definitely looked like a Landry with his chiseled face and strong physique .noveldrama
You look like you could be siblings , Ethan pointed out .
Irene beamed … We got that a lot when we were kids , she admitted .
We were close when we visited .
Ive only been there a few times , but it was a beautiful country , and I had a ton of fun with my fathers family .
Well , if hes important to you , then hes important to me , Ethan said , draping an arm around her shoulders .
I cant wait to meet him .
She smiled and kissed his cheek gently .
Hell be here any minute .
Should we put this food in the parlor ? One of the maids asked .
Miss Montague and Master Matthew had left and went out back to do some sparring and defense practice .
13 Irene nodded .
The parlor would be great , she agreed .
The maids grabbed a platter each and scurried to the parlor just as the sound of the doorbell through the villa , Irene perked up , a large smile on her lips as she turned to face Ethan .
Hes here , she said , grabbing his hand .
Lets go ! rang Together , they walked into the front foyer where a few gamma warriors were stationed .
Adam had the door open and was greeting the young man who walked into the villa .
Chapter 0074 Its an honor to finally meet you , master Walter .
We made up the guest room for you and I hope it is to your liking .
Ill bring your things there right away .
Wallic ! Irene shrieked as she ran through the room .
Walters smile was radiant , Rena , its so good to see you again , Walter said in a thick French accent .
Chapter GOTS
###Take 75
Chapter 0075 Rena ? Ethan asked .
Irene chuckled .
Childhood nickname , she explained .
Wallie , this is my fiancé , Ethan .
Ah , the infinite Ethan .noveldrama
Its a pleasure to finally meet you .
Ive heard great things from my cousin , Walter said , shaking Ethans hand .
I read some of your work a little bit ago .
You are quite known around France .
You should be proud of yourself , Ethan said .
How about we go into the parlor ? Theres food and drinks , Irene suggested , taking Walters arm and guiding him down the hallway and towards the back parlor .
As they sat on the couches and started to munch on the food , Walter and Ethan started to talk about business and Walters plans for the future of his company .
Irene listened thoughtfully , loving that the two men who meant the world to her were getting along so well .
So , youre going to be an Alpha once your father retires ? Ethan asked after Walter finished explaining that his mother was the daughter of the former Alpha and after his passing , his father took over the role , making his mother the Luna and Walter the only heir .
Walter owned his own France news magazine that was forever growing and starting to become worldwide .
As part of the Landry family , they were already pretty well known and his family owned quite a lot of properties in France .
They werent as well known as Gavin Landry because he was the most powerful Lycan chairman in the world , but they were still well known enough and very rich .
Ethan found himself intrigued by Walter and his tales ; he could understand why Irene liked him so much .
They got along like siblings and that was obvious from how they behaved with one another .
They teased each other like any other sibling would .
Where is my uncle , anyway ? Walter asked , looking around the parlor as if he expected Gavin to appear out of nowhere .
Hes at the packhouse taking care of some business , Irene answered .
Hell probably be here later .
Hes been spending a lot of time at home lately since Matthew got a new tutor .
Another new tutor ? Walter asked , raising his brows .
From what you tell me , this had to be the hundredth tutor hes had .
Irene nodded and bit her lip .
Yes , but I think this one is the one .
Matt actually seems to like her , and shes already been here for a couple of weeks without any issues , she explained , shrugging .
They are outside right now practicing sperring and defense .
Maybe you can meet her later , shes really great .
That sounds lovely , he said as he reached for a small sandwich on one of the platters .
These little sandwiches are delicious Turkey and cheese , Irene said , grabbing one for herself and nibbling on it .
They are my favorites .
I figured you would like them too .
He nodded and took another bite .
So , Ethan , Rene tells me you are going to be the next Alpha of the Redmoon pack .
I hear .
congratulations are in order , Walter said , lifting his glass of juice in the air towards Ethan .
Not quite yet , but Im working on it , Ethan admitted , wrapping an arm around Irene who snuggled closer to him .
Dont listen to him , Wallic .
My father loves him .
Its a no brainer really .
Ethan has to be the next Alpha , Irene told him .
p Your faith is incredible my love , Ethan said , kissing her gently on the nose and making her chuckle .
You two are disgustingly cute .
I hope one day I can be as lucky and find love as well , Walter sighed , leaning back in his seat .
Just as those words had been spoken , Judy walked into the parlor , not paying much attention to what was going on around her .
She wore only a workout bra , showcasing her incredible body , and tight workout shorts that hugged her muscly curves perfectly and showcased her long and slender legs .
Her hair was damp from sweat and tied up in a high ponytail ; her cheeks were flushed and she had beads of sweat pooling on the nape of her neck , dripping down to her exposed shoulders .
She was radiant and absolutely glowing Ethan hadnt even realized he was staring until Judy walked into the kitchen and he lost sight of her .
Who was that ? Walter asked , his eyes fixed on the door that Judy disappeared into .
Matts tutor , Judy Montague , Irene answered proudly .
This snapped Ethan back to the present moment and he blinked at Walter who was fixed on the doorway .
Soon , Judy walked back into the room ; she was holding a water bottle .
She ran the water bottle along the nape of her neck and let out a soft moan from the relief the coldness brought to her hot skin .
The sound went straight to Ethans cock ; Walter seemed to be taking in the view too because his eyes darkened and he couldnt seem to take his eyes off , Judy .
She opened the water bottle and took a long and steady drink .
She glanced in their direction briefly , her eyes landing on Ethan , then Irene , then finally Walter , where she held his eye contact a bit longer .
The water dripped down her chin as she finished her long sip and then the capped the bottle , giving him a small smile before she turned and walked out of the room to rejon Matt outside .
Oh my goddess , Walter whispered .
Shes stunning
###Take 76
Chapter 0076 Judys POV I wasnt blind .
The guy who was hanging out in the parlor with Irene and Ethan was incredibly attractive .
He was also kind of familiar looking .
He was looking at me as if I was the only person in the world and it made my cheeks burn .
I blinked a few times and offered him a small smile before quickly leaving the room and rejoining Ma outside .
He was throwing daggers at the dummies .
His form had improved over time .
When I approached , he stopped and took the water bottle I offered him .
Do you know who if Irene was expecting company today ? I asked , sitting on the grass beside him .
He looked towards the villa and thought about it for a moment , and then recognition flashed in his eyes .
My cousin Walter is visiting for the month , Matt answered .
I only met him once , but I think hes supposed to be here at some point today .
I furrowed my brows as I thought about that , and then I realized why he looked so familiar , Walter Landry ? The French journalist ? I asked , raising my brows .
I knew of Walter Landry of course , but I thought it was just a coincidence that his last name was the same as Gavins .noveldrama
I didnt know he was actually related to Gavin Landry and his family .
But Matt nodded his head and peeked up at me.
Yes , he answered .
Youve heard of him ? Of course , Ive heard of him .
His work is incredible , I said , shaking my head thoughtfully .
I cant believe you are actually related to him .
His last name is Landry , Matt said with a smirk .
Yeah , but I thought it was a coincidence , I admitted .
Whats he doing here ? Matt went to answer , but a new voice sounded from behind me , making my entire body freeze .
Im after my next new story .
Do you have any leads for me , Miss Montague ? I whipped around to face Walter walking towards us ; the sun shined its rays down on him and he looked like an angel glowing in fluorescent lighting .
He was handsome for sure , but not as handsome as Gavin .
The family resemblance was definitely evident though .
I blinked a few times , trying to regain my focus and mentality .
andry , its an honor to meet you , I said , holding ; out my hand to shake his .
He looked at my hand for a moment and then smirked before taking hold of it ; his hand was warm in mine .
He didnt shake my hand , but instead , he brought it to his lips and kissed the top of it gently .
No need for formalities .
You can call me Walter , he assured me Then you can call me Judy , I replied .
Chapter 007 % Judy … he said softly as if he was tasting my name on his tongue .
What a lovely name .
How long are you visiting for , Walter ? Im only here for a month , he answered .
Unless I am given a reason to stay longer .
He looked into my eyes as he said that last part and the meaning was not lost on me .
Oh , Judy .
I see youve met my cousin , Irene said , walking towards us with Ethan trailing behind her .
Ethan looked furious as he glared at Walter , and I was wondering what his issue was .
Yes , I said , straightening my posture .
Hes quite charming .
Thats my cousin for ya , she chuckled .
We were so close growing up .
Im so glad to have him here .
Its his first time in our country and I was going to show him around the pack .
Want to join us ? I cant , I still have some work to do with Matt , I said pointing at Matthew who was back to throwing daggers at dummies .
Irene pouted , clear disappointment on her face .
Then we should probably get going , Ethan said , grabbing Irenes arm .
We have places to go .
Dont we , Walter ? Walters eyes remained on mine .
Actually , I would like to stick around for a bit longer .
Maybe I could be of assistance to Judy here .
I raised my brows at him .
You think you could be helpful to me ? I asked .
I dont think we need a journalist on the field .
But thanks .
I started to turn and walk away but Irenes voice stopped me .
Actually , Wallie has plenty of warrior training .
Hes going to be the new Alpha of the Black Night pack in France once his father retires , Irene explained .
When hes not running his own journalism company , hes training with the warriors and learning all he needs to know about being an Alpha .
Walter smirked at her words , and I raised my brows at him .
Is that so ? I asked .
###Take 77
hapter 0077 Allow me to demonstrate ? He asked , stepping around me .
He walked over to the archery set and placed the quiver on his back .
He grabbed an arrow from the quiver picked up the bow off the ground and walked over to the target ; he stood a distance from the target .
He placed the arrow in the bow and released the string .
It hit its bullseye within seconds .
I was about to tell him that he was pretty close to the target and a toddler could do that .
But then he stepped away from the target , gaining more distance and he repeated the process , slicing the initial arrow in the middl I gasped , never seeing an arrow get destroyed like that He continued to take numerous steps back and then destroyed the current arrow on the target .
Not before long , he was halfway across the field ; he pulled the string back and released the arrow .
It flew through the air before I could blink , and I heard the cracking of the arrow that was already on the target ; the new arrow sliced it right down the middle .
Broken arrows continued to pile up on the ground as he continued to slice through each one .
By the time he reached the last arrow , he was completely on the other side of the field .
I could barely even see him with how far away he was .
Even Irene was squinting in the distance to try to get a glimpse of him .
Soon , the arrow was flying straight through the sky and smacking the target with all its force , not only did the arrow already on the target practically explode , but the entire target fell to the ground , mak all of us jump in shock .
My mouth nearly hit the ground .
I looked off in the distance to see Walter running back towards us ; his blond curls blowing in the wind and his shirt was now off , revealing his muscly and toned body .
He smirked as he neared us and when he stopped in front of us , it seemed as if he didnt even break sweat .
That was awesome !! Mat exclaimed .
How did you do that  Years of practice , Walter said , rubbing the top of his head .
I can teach you sometime .
Yes , please !! He practically begged .
I folded my arms across my chest and stared up at him .
That was quite impressive , I said , raising my brows at him.
But you owe us a new set of arrows .
He grinned and pulled his phone out of his pocket ; he dialed a number and then pressed the phone to his cheek Get me a new bow and arrow set ; the best you can find , he ordered whoever was on the other end of the line .
Send them to my uncles Villa .
He hung up without another word .
You really do have connections , I said , eyeing him carefull I never claim to be anyone that Im not , he said , histone low int to show me some of your other moves then ? Was I flirting with him ? I never flirted with guys before besides Erhan and maybe Gavin .
Though I never really flirted with Gavin , I was more desperate than anything .
But with Walter , it almost felt as 11 was playing pretend .
He was easy to talk to and flirt with , but he didnt make my heart beat fast or my wolf purr in the same way that Gavin does .
It was still a feeling I didnt quite understand .
I do have some defense moves I could show you , he offered .
I smiled and nodded .
Please , I said , motioning for him to continue .noveldrama
Before I knew what was happening , he was grabbing my arm and spinning me around , so my back was against his chest .
It happened so quickly that I couldnt grasp it .
Soon , I was pinned to the ground , his body pressing into my back and my head buried in the ground .
I felt his legs draping through mine and keeping me in place .
I heard Irene gasping loudly and a glimpse of her clutching Ethans wrist as they both watched the scene unfold before them .
I guess you do have some moves .
I said with a smirk I kicked out from under him , making him lose his balance and then I swung my body around , so I was straddling him and pressing him into the ground .
But I have some moves too , I countered .
He gripped my hips and was about to lift me off him when a loud growl came from the distance .
What the fuck do you think you are doing ?! I fell off Walter so quickly that I hit the ground with a thud ! I whipped around to see Gavin storming towards us , his face red with fury .
Get your hands off of her !
###Take 78
Chapter 0078 Judys POV 1 fell off Walter and my lower back hit the ground with a thud .
I winced in pain , but it was quickly replaced with fear when I saw the furious look in Gavins eyes .
I didnt even know he came home , and I wasnt sure why he was so upset .
Walter was only showing me some moves so I could better teach Matt .
What do you think youre doing  Gavin asked , his eyes blazing with fury as his wolf surged forward .
Walter frowned as he got to his feet .
Uncle Gavin … he began to greet but his voice faltered when he saw the look on Gavins face .
Gavin stopped only inches from him , and I could practically smell the rage rolling of him in waves .
I swallowed the lump in my throat and stepped away from the Alphas not really sure what to do .
I glanced Over my shoulder at Ethan and Irene , and I saw that Ethan was also fuming , while Irene just looked confused , completely oblivious of the look on her finances face .
I invite you into my home and you get handsy with my staff ? Are you out of your mind ? Gavin growled .
I didnt mean any disrespect , Walter assured him .
was only trying to be helpful .
He wasnt hurting her , Dad , Matt said , stepping beside his father , trying to diffuse the situation .
He was only helping .
Besides , Judy could have taken him easily .
Walter corked an eyebrow at Matt and then he glanced at me , a smirk playing on his lips , making blush .
F me Is that so ? Walter asked , his voice turning flirtatious which only seemed to fuel Gavin even more .
Gavin grabbed Walter by the throat and lifted him into the air ; Walter gagged , struggling to breathe .
Youre only the next Alpha of your pack because of me ! Gavin growled .
I can take it away from you in a heartbeat .
Walters face paled as he attempted to get Gavins grip to loosen around his neck .
Alpha please , I said quickly , not wanting to see Walter get hurt any further .
He hasnt done anything wrong .
Theres no need to act like this .
Unde Walter tried to say in a raspy tone ; his face turning red from the lack of oxygen .
Stay away from her and any of my other employees .
They are not your playthings , Walter .
Gevin finally released his nephew, making him fall to the ground and cough .
I was about to run to him , but Irene grabbed my arm .
When I looked at her , she gave me a slight headshake .
I knew she was right ; if I went to help Walter , it would only make Gavin angrier .
And telling from the look on Ethans face , it would make him mad too.
Though , maybe it would be good thing if he lost his cool because then Irene could see his true colors .
swallowed and took a deep breath as I turned back to look at Walter who was rubbing his aching throat and looking pissed .
Even Walter knew better than to pass off the Alpha though , so he remained quiet as Chapter 0078 he rubbed his neck and pulled himself to his feet .noveldrama
Tutoring is over for the day , Gavin barked .
Ill have my driver take you home .
Without another word , he turned , and stormed away , leaving us staring after him with shocked expressions What the hell was that about ? Walter rasped out once Gavin was inside the villa .
Hes protective of his employees , I said , staring at the ground , feeling the heat rushing to my cheeks .
I dont think thats it , Irene said under her breath .
I looked at her , confused .
What ? I asked .
She shrugged .
Hes not like that with all his employees , she told me .
Only with you .
Ive never seen him act like that towards the other staff , Matt agreed .
Irene smiled at him ; they both exchanged knowing looks which irked me a little .
Come on , Matt .
Lets go inside , She said , putting an arm around him .
She held out her hand for Ethan to take the other one , but he was still brewing in his place .
His eyes .
never left mine ; I knew Irene could finally see that Ethan wasnt okay and that he was staring at me .
Ethan ? She asked , worry clear in her tone as she looked between the two of us .
Is everything okay ? He pressed his lips together , his eyes still remained on mine .
Ethan ? She asked again when he didnt respond the first time .
I cleared my throat loudly , snapping him out of his trance .
I think your fiancé is waiting for you , I told him , loudly .
He blinked a few times as if he was just remembering where he was .
His eyes snapped to Irene who had a crease between her brows and was looking at him suspiciously .
###Take 79
Chapter 0079 Sorry , what were you saying , Darling ? Her frown deepened .
Im going inside with Matt , she snapped , her eyes dark with anger .
She turned away and started to walk inside with Matt beside her .
Ethans face paled when he realized his mistake .
I think you should go after her , lover boy , I said , folding my arms across my chest .
He didnt humor me with a response , but he quickly ran after her , attempting to explain himself .
I shook my head at their retreating backs .
Why do I get the feeling theres history between the two of you ? Walter asked , turning my attention to him .
If Gavin saw us talking alone together , he would be furious .
I honestly thought Walter went back inside while Ethan and I were having that stare down .
I was surprised and maybe even a little startled to see that he was still here with me .
Even though I just met him , there was a part of me that trusted Walter .
But I didnt think I should tell him the truth about Ethan and me because Im not sure how close he was to Irene .
Telling from what I saw in the parlor earlier , with the two of them laughing and hugging , I would say they are very close .
Theres not , I lied .
Hes just Irenes fiancé .
I never really talk to him .
He cocked his head to the side as if he was trying to read my thoughts and then he nodded , not asking further questions about Ethan and me .
Im sorry if I made things weird between you and your boss , he told me , kicking the dirt on the ground like he was a small child who just got scolded .
He can be intense .
Thats an understatement , I teased .
You dont need to apologize , Walter .
You didnt do anything wrong He shrugged and then lifted his gaze to meet mine .
I hope he didnt scare you away from me though , he said softly .
I raised my brows at him ; not sure what he meant .
Wasnt it you that he threatened ? I asked .
He can take away whatever he wants , Walter murmured .
I never wanted to be an Alpha .
Its what my father wanted for me .
I just want to run my business and continue to expand .
All the money that I have has been earned by me .
I am wealthy because of my successes , not because of the Landry fortune .
Uncle Gavin cant truly take anything away from me .
I fear thats not true , Walter .
Hes a Lycan Chairmen and you know the Lycans rule over the werewolf population , I reminded him .noveldrama
Your uncle has all the power in the world .
Id like to see him try , Walter murmured , folding his arms across his chest .
I frowned at him as I went to collect my belongings .
I grabbed my phone out of my bag to check my text messages , ignoring the weight of Walters gaze on me as I did so .
I was about to put my phone back in Chapter 0079 my bag when Walters voice stopped me .
Can I give you my number ? 1 froze and looked at him .
Is that wise ? I asked him .
He shrugged .
Probably not , he said with a sly grin .
But maybe we could do more training .
Or something else … My cheeks burned with heat from his words ; they were not lost on me .
Something else ? I asked with raised brows .
He stepped closer to me , and I felt the warmth of his hand on my arm ; it was a nice touch , but it didnt ignite me .
I glanced up at him through my lashes , waiting for him to continue .
Id like to maybe take you to dinner sometime , he admitted .
Ive never met anyone as beautiful as you , Judy , and you are smart , strong , and quick on your feet .
Let me take you out tonight .
I stared at him with disbelief ; was he seriously asking me out after his uncle just threatened him and nearly choked him to death ? 1 glanced around , expecting Gavin to appear at any moment .
Walter took hold of my chin between his thumb and index finger , and he gently moved my head , so I was looking up at him and into his eyes .
Say yes , he said softly .
Let me show you how a man treats a woman .
Let me take you out tonight .
After a beat of silence , and his face so close to mine that I could practically feel his breath on my lips , I finally whispered , Okay … yes .
###Take 80
Chapter 0080 Judys POV I cant believe you are actually going on a date with Gavin Landrys nephew ! Nan shrieked as we both rummaged through my wardrobe .
Walter was going to pick me up in a couple of hours and I had nothing to wear for this evening .
I was so nervous that my stomach felt like it was about to turn inside out .
Maybe this was a bad idea , I said , turning around to face her .
She frowned at me .
Are you kidding me ? She gasped .
Walter Landry is eye candy ; hes fucking hot .
Of course , hes not Gavin Landry Hot , but holy smokes that gene pool is strong .
I rolled my eyes at my overly excited best friend ..
Im serious , Nan .
What was I thinking ? I asked , shaking my head .
Does it even matter ? She asked .
Why are you stressing out about this ? You said it yourself that you .
are attracted to him .
I would have to be blind to not be attracted to him , Imurmured .
I just cant believe that you met him by chance at the library , she said , shaking her head .
I never took him for much of a reader .
I raised my brows at her .
He owns his own publication , I reminded her , All he does is read and write .
Yeah , but I thought it was all for show .
Hes too hot to be hidden behind a boring book .
He should be at model or something .
I laughed at her words .
I didnt particularly appreciate having to lie to her about how I met Walter .
But she couldnt know that I met him while at Gavins villa .
I told her I was studying at the library this morning and Walter just happened to be there .
We talked for a bit and then he asked me out .
Nan and I had been aimlessly rummaging through my clothing , trying to find the perfect outfit for tonight .
Weve been here for about an hour and we both have been coming up empty handed .
He might be hot , but hes intelligent and really good at what he does .
Ive been following his work for a long time , and Im impressed with him .
Im just worried he be impressed with me , I admitted , biting my lower lip .
Walter did a lot of writing about the French Gamma Warriors and took many photos from the battlegrounds .
Ive done reports based on his work many times in the past .
What about this ? Nan asked , pulling out a small black dress .
1 frowned at it and then looked at Nan with narrowed eyes .
Its a little small , dont you think ? I asked her .
I doubt its appropriate for a date with a Landry .
Chapter 000 She rolled her eyes .
Then put a sweater over it , Judy , she said , throwing the dress at me .
Itll show off your legs and you got killer legs .
I frowned down at my legs .
Trust me , she added and then she winked .
Hes going to love you in that outfit .
I blushed at her words .
I dont think I want him to love me , I told her .noveldrama
She rolled her eyes again ; if she kept doing that , her eyes would get stuck behind her head .
Just put it on , she begged ..
1 sighed and relented .
Its not like I had anything else to wear and this was a nice dress .
I bought it a while ago when Nan and I went on a shopping binge , back when my family wasnt bankrupt , and I had the funds to splurge my money .
I wasnt really sure what I would wear it for , but Nan said I looked great in it .
1 guess tonight was the night that put it to the test ; I just hoped I didnt look like a prostitute , I showered , making sure to shave every inch of my body .
Not that I thought anything was going to happen tonight , but Id rather be safe than sorry .
Once I finished washing my hair and body , I stepped out of the shower , allowing the warm steam to swarm around me as I wrapped a towel around myself and walked to the mirror .
I brushed my teeth and brushed out my wet clumps of hair until it was smooth and went straight down back .
The dress was resting on the counter with a cute black sweater .
Once I put the dress and the sweater on , I raised my brows at my reflection .
my I had to admit , I looked good in this .
I was amazed at how fitted my body looked and Nan was right , I did have great legs .
The sweater made the look a bit classier , so I didnt feel super floozy .
Satisfied , I left the bathroom only to hear Nan shrieking in delight .
You look amazing ! She practically yelled .
I shushed her .
My mother is sleeping .
I reminded her .
She rolled her eyes , and I knew what she was thinking my mother was always sleeping .
But shes been better lately , shes been out of bed and doing things around the house again .
She even went food shopping yesterday , shes been speaking with my fathers lawyers and trying to come up with a plan to get him out of prison .
She was exhausted and went to bed early tonight ; I didnt want to wake her and disturb her well needed rest .
I hadnt had a chance to update Nan too much about current events , so she wasnt aware of any of that
###Take 81
Chapter 0081 Let me do your hair and makeup now , Nan said , grabbing her bag which consisted of hair supplies and makeup .
I smiled at her and sat down at the vanity across the room .
She got to work on my hair , brushing it out again and then blow drying it .
She got her curling iron and curled it , so it was wavy vand flowed evenly around my shoulders .
She put a hairpin in my hair to keep my side bangs out of my face and then she started on my makeup .
By the time she finished , I barely recognized myself .
Wow , I breathed .
You look amazing , she said , putting an arm around my shoulders .
Hes going to die when he sees you .
She grabbed a bottle of perfume and spritzed it at me , making me wince because some of it got into my eyes .
Sorry , she chuckled .
Just then , the doorbell rang and I froze .
Oh , my goddess ! she nearly shouted , grabbing my arm and tugging me towards the door .
Hes here ! I swallowed the lump in my throat and followed her out of my room .
I grabbed my purse that hung on the door handle before shutting the door behind me .
I quickly followed her down the stairs where she grabbed a pair of black heals that were tossed in the corner of the living room .
I saw these earlier , you have to wear them , she told me .
1 frowned .
Theyre my mothers , I told her .
She wont mind , she said , waving off my concern .
You two are the same size .
These heals go great with that dress .
I relented , putting the shoes on .
They made me about an inch taller , but not too tall .
Walter will still be a good foot taller than me .
She gave me one last look before motioning for the door .
Ill hide , you get the door , she whispered and then disappeared around the corner .
I shook my head at her retreating back and grabbed the doorknob , turning it just as he rang the bell again .
He froze when he sw me and his eyes grew large Wow he said under his breath , taking in my appearance from head to toe .
You look ….
His voice trailed off , unsure of what to say You dont look so bad yourself , I said , assuming he was going to say I looked good .
He did look great his suit and red tie ; his curly blonde hair was gelled out of his face , and he was neatly shaved .
I smiled at the effort he put into his own appearance .
We should go before we are late for our reservation , he said , pulling his eyes away from my cleavage and back into my eyes .
I nodded and glanced over my shoulder at Nan who was peeking her head around Chapter 0081 the corner and giving me a toothy grin and a thumbs up .
I smiled as I shut the door behind me .
I followed him to the red car that waited out front .
He opened the back door for me , and I slid in ; he got in behind me .
There was a young man seated behind the wheel ; he didnt look much older than Walter and he gave me a grin from the rearview mirror when our eyes met .noveldrama
He was also wearing a suit , but it wasnt as pristine as Walters .
Judy , this is my subordinate , friend , and future Beta , Maxwell , Walter introduced .
You can call me Max , he said from the front seat .
Its nice to meet you .
You were all this guy could talk about since meeting you this morning .
I blushed at his words and glanced at Walter who was glaring at his future Beta .
Max shrunk in his seat and fixed his attention out the front window .
We should get going , Max said , clearing his throat .
Probably a good idea , Walter barked .
The rest of the drive was fairly quiet .
When we reached the restaurant , Walter rushed around the car to open the door for me before I even had the chance .
He took my hand and lifted it to his lips , giving it a gentle kiss before he helped me out of the car .
I smiled at him and followed him into the luxury restaurant .
A table for two under Walter Landry , Walter told the hostess confidently .
Her eyes grew large when he mentioned his name .
Mr.
Landry … its such an honor that you are dining with us this evening , she said , bowing her head to him Walter smiled and then draped an arm around my shoulders .
When her eyes landed on me , she scowled and then forced a smile .
Right this way , she said , grabbing a couple of menus and walking through the dining area .
As we walked , I couldnt help but get the sense that someone was watching me .
But then my eyes found him seated across the room and when our eyes met , my entire heart fell into my stomach .
What the hell was he doing here 
###Take 82
Chapter 0082 Judys POV Judy ? Irenes voice cut through my thoughts just as we were walking by their table .
I forced a smile in her direction , ignoring Ethans gaze Hello , Irene , I said politely .
It is you , she said , her tone sounding a bit strained .
What are you doing here ? I didnt know you liked places like this .
Walters arm draped around my shoulders and as if seeing him for the first time , Irene immediately perked up .
Wallie , are you two on a date ? She asked him.
He grinned at his cousin .
We are , he answered .
I felt my cheeks burning ; I didnt think he would be so forward like this ; what if Irene told Gavin that she ran into us ? Irene turned to look at me .
You are a lucky lady , she told me .
My cousin is very picky when it comes to women he dates .
Your must be very special .
Especially to go against fathers wishes .
I wouldnt go that far , I said with an awkward laugh , Walter grinned .
I would , he said , making me blush even harder .
If youll excuse us , Rena , our table is waiting .
Of course , Irene said , motioning for us to go .
I glanced at Ethan just before we turned to leave , and could see his eyes burning daggers into me .
I swallowed and turned away from him , following Walter and the hostess to the table .
We were at a distance from Irene and Ethan , but we could still see them clearly .
I sat down in front of Walter as the waitress handed us each a menu .
Your waitress will be right with you , she said ; her eyes never leaving Walter .
When he looked up at her and gave her a polite nod , she blushed and then she winked at him .
I pressed my lips together and watched as she swayed her hips back to the hostess stand .
I didnt feel jealous towards the woman , but I couldnt help but feel disrespected .
Get anything you want , Walter told me , bringing my attention back to him .noveldrama
Dont worry about the I smiled and nodded as I scanned the menu , it was no wonder he brought up the cast , everything on the menu was so expensive .
The waitress appeared moments later and like the hostess , she only had eyes .
for Walter Chapter 0062 Hello , Mr.
Landry , she said , batting her long lashes at him .
Its such an honor to serve you .
She put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed it but kept her hand lingering there .
You are much more handsome in person .
I am such a huge fan of yours .
He frowned up at her , but he didnt remove her hand from his shoulder , which bothered me a little .
It was disrespectful towards me that she was openly flirting with him , and he wasnt doing anything about it .
I appreciate that , he said , turning his frown into a grin .
Can you bring us your best bottle of wine ? And whats the specials for this evening ? Our special this evening is Ora King salmon , on green tea soba noodles .
Highly recommended .
Our soup of the day is Mushroom Agnolotti with sweet potatoes and Kohlrabi .
Perfect , Ill take them both , he replied before glancing in my direction .
And for my.date … The waitress glanced in my direction and like the hostess , she immediately frowned .
It was as if she was just noticing me for the first time .
I swallowed and glanced at the menu once more before settling on my dish .
Ill have the soft shell crab tempura ravioli , I told her .
She wrote down my order and then ran her long fingers up the back of Walters neck .
Ill be back with your order handsome , she said , winking as she walked away .
1 frowned at her retreating back before turning my gaze to Walter .
Are you accustomed to women flirting with you like that ? I asked him .
He frowned at me .
Yes , he answered .
I dont really notice it anymore .
Was she that bad ? I raised my brows .
Her hands were all over you , I said in a harsh whisper .
I guess I just ignore it , he said .
Did it bother you ? I felt a little disrespected if I were to be honest , I said , staring down at my empty plate .
He reached his hands over and grabbed a hold of mine gently , I lifted my gaze to meet his and I could see the remorse and sincerity behind his eyes .
Im so sorry , Judy .
I never wanted to make you feel like that .
Especially tonight .
When she returns , tell her to keep her hands off .
I never meant to make you feel uncomfortable … ? 1 could tell he truly meant it and the fact that he really didnt notice the flirting from both the waitress and the hostess , made my attitude and expression soften .
Youre a good looking guy , Walter Women are bound to flirt with you , and I cant fault you for that .
I just wasnt a fan of the way they looked at me , I admited .
He nodded Chapter 0082 I can understand that , and Ill make it clear to them that you are my date , and they need to show you respect , he assured me .
1 blushed and shook my head .
You dont need to make a scene , I told him .
Thank you for listening to my concerns .
I will always listen to what you have to say , and Ill try my best to fix any of your concerns , he told me , giving me a gentle smile and squeezing my hand .
Thats the kind of man I am .
###Take 83
Before I could say anything with a bottle of red wine and a couple of glasses .
The best wine we have tonight is the Chateau Lafite Rothschild Pauillac , she told him , her eyes never leaving his .
He nodded .
Sounds great , he said .
Can you poor my date a glass first .
The waitress frowned and glanced in my direction .
I gave her a fake smile , leaning back in my y seat .
She straightened her posture and poured me a glass of wine ; the red elixir glistening from the crystal glass and the illuminating lighting of the chandelier above us .
She turned her attention back to Walter and her expression softened ; that flirty smile returned as she poured him a glass .
Is there anything else I can get for you ? She asked , putting her hand on his bicep .
He glanced at her hand with a frown , and then he took her hand into his , promptly removing her hand from his arm .
She frowned at the gesture .
Lets try to remain professional , shall we ? He asked corking his eyebrow up .
Theres no need to be disrespectful towards my date .
She straightened her posture , and I saw her face turning beat red .
I … uh … she stammered .
Just check on our meals , he ordered , waving her away dismissively .
She swallowed and then quickly hurried away from the table .
He sighed and met my eyes .
Im sorry I didnt notice that earlier , he said with a kind smile .
I promise , the rest of the evening , Ill try my best to make sure you are comfortable .
I truly appreciate that , Walter , I told him , and I meant that .
Lets V the rest of the evening , he said , lifting his wine glass in the air .
I smiled and lifted mine in the air .
We clinked the glasses together and we both took a sip .
Third Person POV Judy was so preoccupied with her date with Walter , that she couldnt feel Ethan glaring at the back of her head .
He was fuming in his seat ; Irene was babbling about something that didnt interest him in the least .
All he could think about was Judy and how she could possibly be on a date with another man .
Then again , he was on a date with a woman .
The very woman he left his fated mate for ; but it was all for good reason .
At least , thats what he told himself .
His wolf was still aggravated over the fact that he broke up with their fated mate for another she wolf , but it was all so Ethan could become the new Alpha of the Redmoon pack .
Chapter 0033 Once Ethan got everything he wanted , his wolf would be happier .noveldrama
But that also included Judy ; he wanted Judy , and he wasnt going to stop until he got her in that house he bought for her .
Are you even listening to me ? Irene asked , folding her arms across her chest .
Ethan blinked a few times , forgetting that Irene was talking to him and not hearing a single thing she had just said .
Of course I am , he lied .
Then , what did I say ? She asked , raising her brows .
He hesitated , which was enough for her to know that he didnt hear a word of what she said .
Something about the wedding ? He guessed .
She rolled her eyes and put her napkin on her almost empty plate .
I think Ive had enough , she murmured .
Id like to go home now .
He frowned at her .
Why are you acting like this ? He asked her .
Acting like what ? Immaturely , he answered .
If theres a problem , you should tell me .
? I could say the same to you , she retorted .
You havent been yourself since meeting Judy .
Is there something I need to know about ? Did something happen between the two of you ? His eyes grew large ; was he being that transparent ? He needed to be careful if he wanted to become the Alpha .
Of co course not , Irene .
I only have eyes for you , he assured her .
Then why havent you been able to stop staring at her ? She asked through her teeth .
Im not staring at her , he denied .
I dont believe you , she said , shaking her head ; tears glistened in her eyes .
Maybe we shouldnt talk about this here , he told her , dropping his voice to a whisper .
How about I pay the bill and then we leave here ? We can talk more in the car .
She hesitated , but then gave him a curt nod .
Ill be outside waiting , she said , standing to her feet and walking away , leaving Ethan staring after her trying to figure out how he was going to talk himself out of this .
Meanwhile , Walter had also noticed Ethan staring at Judy during the entire date and it was aggravating him .
He knew that Judy and Ethan had some kind of history that she didnt want disclosed .
But his curiosity was getting the best of him , so he opened a mindlink between him and his Beta .
Chapter 0083 Max , he said through the mindlink .
Im here , Max replied almost immediately .
Everything okay ? I need you to find out everything you can about Ethan Cash , Walter ordered .
He and Judy have a past and I need you to dig up all the information you can about it .
###Take 84
Chapter 0084 Judys POV This was a lovely evening , Walter , I say as we walked up to my front door .
The porch light was left on , providing us with the light needed to make it from the car to the front door without any issues .
The moon was hidden behind dark clouds , and I could already smell the rain in the air .
As we reached the front door , I paused and turned to face him .
I wasnt used to anyone walking me to the front door ; not even Ethan showed me that much concern .noveldrama
If he were to drop me off , hed kiss me in the car and drive away once I reached the door .
Gavin drove away after I got inside ; not that Gavin needed to walk me to my door ; we werent dating or anything .
He was just my boss and there was nothing more to it .
My cheeks burned as I thought about Gavin walking me to the door .
Would he kiss me if he did walk me to the door ? Why was I even thinking about this while was on a date with another man ? I shouldnt be thinking about kissing Gavin at any time of the day , let alone while I was with someone else .
I brushed the thought out of my mind and glanced up at Walter who was smiling down at me .
Im glad you enjoyed yourself , he said , taking hold of my hand .
I had quite a good time myself .
Youve truly made my first night here impressionable .
I beamed at the compliment .
Im glad to hear that , I told him , biting my lower lip .
Can I take you out again tomorrow ? He asked .
I raised my brows , trying to internally figure out my schedule for tomorrow .
I had classes in the morning and then in the evening , I had to tutor Matt .
I sighed .
I have tutoring tomorrow evening , I told him .
We can go after tutoring , he told me with a bright smile .
Theres a gallery Id like to take you to .
I frowned at him .
At night ? He nodded .
Its an outdoor light gallery , he explained .
Ive been curious about it and I figured maybe youd want to join me ? I thought about it for a moment before deciding to go for it ; Nan would want me to go for it and if I told her I declined him , she would be furious with me .
So , Inodded in response .
Okay , I answered .
That sounds great .
He smiled , revealing dimples on his cheeks ; just like his uncle , only his uncle had manlier features .
I needed to get a grip .
I had to stop thinking about Gavin and comparing Walter to him .
Walter was not Chapter 084 his uncle .
Before I knew what was happening , Walter was leaning down , his lips only inches from mine .
Holy crap ! He was about to kiss me ! Did I want him to kiss me ? It wasnt something I thought about until this very moment .
Was I interested in Walter enough to kiss him? Was I ready for something like that ? I decided I wasnt ready to kiss another man , so I turned my head at the last second .
His lips brushed my cheek lightly .
He frowned when he realized it wasnt my lips , he was kissing but he didnt argue or say anything .
He smiled and bowed his head in my direction .
Until Until tomorrow , he said .
I nodded and watched as he walked back to the car .
After he got inside the car , I sighed and turned away , unlocking the front door and stepping inside .
Just like Gavin would have done , Walter waited until I was securely inside before the car drove away .
These Landry men were going to be the death of me .
Third Person POV I found the information you were seeking , sir , Max said from the front seat as they both watched Judy walk into the house .
What is it ? Walter asked , not sure if he truly wanted to know , but knowing he had to know .
If he wanted to better understand Judy so he could properly quart her , he needed to know everything he could about the woman .
She and Ethan Cash are fated mates , Max explained making Walters heart fall into his stomach .
Theyve known each other for some time because they were part of the same pack , but they found out they were mates when Judy turned 18.
They have been together for 2 years .
So , what happened ? Walter asked .
Why did they break up ? It wasnt common for mates to break up with one another ; its almost never heard of .
Wolves would never let their mates go unless something serious had happened that caused a rift between the twe … or death .
###Take 85
Chapter 0085 He met your cousin , Max murmured .
Walter raised his brows .
Irene was beautiful , but she didnt hold a candle over Judy .
It was also strange that Ethans wolf would willingly be with Irene when his fated mate was right there the entire time .
That doesnt make any sense , Walter said , shaking his head .
I dont really get it either , Max agreed .
But he met trene and the next thing anyone knew ; he was proposing to her .
You couldnt find out a reason why ? Theres nothing documented about it , Max answered .
So , if theres a reason , hes keeping it locked inside .
Walters frown deepened and he scowled .
He didnt need Max to tell him the reason behind Ethans motives ; he already knew .
It was obvious .
Irene was the daughter of Gavin Landry , the most powerful Lycan Chairmen in the world .
Ethan wanted to become an Alpha and the best way for him to do that was to get to Gavin through his daughter .
But to leave his fated mate for something like that ? It made Walter sick to his stomach to even think about it .
Did Judy know that Ethan left her to gain power ? Was Irene aware that she was only a pawn in her fiancés games ? He couldnt tell her … it would only hurt her .
Walter had to remain silent , but he wasnt going to let Ethan hurt Judy any longer .
She needed someone around to protect her and he was determined to be that somebody .
Matt , youre done with tutoring already ? Irene asked as Matt walked into the kitchen , sweat caked on his forehead from his sparring lessons .
Irene sat at the counter , munching on some fruit with Ethan seated beside her , scrolling through his phone .
They spent most of the night arguing about the date and how he was staring at Judy for most of the evening .
He managed to come up with an excuse as to why he was staring at her and after some consideration and more arguing , Irene finally relented and chose to believe him .
After all , she did love him more than anything and she would do anything to be with him , even if it meant hurting herself .
She was too tired to argue any further , so they dropped the subject .
It was now the next evening , and they spent the entire day wedding planning .
It was fast approaching and there was still so much to do .
Yeah , Matt said as he grabbed a water bottle from the fridge .
Judy and Walter are going on another date tonight , so she ended our session early .
That caught Ethans attention .
Chapter 0085 They are going on another date ? Matt nodded .
Yes , he answered .
Hes taking her to some night gallery .
She just left to get dressed .
Im glad hes taking a liking to her , Irene said thoughtfully .
They both could use some good people in their lives .
Maybe we could do a double date sometime .
Does your father know that Walter is taking Judy out ? Ethan asked , ignoring Irene .
Matt shook his head .
He isnt home yet , Matt answered , opening the water bottle and taking a long sip .
When he finished .
he recapped the water bottle and turned to look at Ethan .
Walter said hell talk to him later about it .
But who knows ? Dad can be scary .
Ill be right back , Ethan said , standing to his feet .
need to use the restroom .
Irene nodded and fell into a conversation with Matt about Judy and Walter .
As soon as Ethan left the room , he went straight into the parlor , trying to get the scent of Judy .
Maybe he could stop her before she left so they could talk privately .
Her scent was faint though , which gave him the impression she was probably not at the villa anymore .
But she couldnt have gotten far ; she was just here after all .
Going somewhere ? A deep voice asked from the corner of the parlor .
Ethan froze and turned to face Walter who was leaning against the wall with his arms folded across his chest .noveldrama
Where I go isnt your concern , Ethan said through his teeth .
It is when I know who you are looking for , Walter said , stepping away from the wall and towards Ethan .
Tell me , Ethan , does my cousin know you are ditching her to find another woman ? You have no idea what you are talking about , Ethan said , his eyes blazing with fury .
Walter scoffed .
Dont I ? Walter asked .
Irene might not know where you are heading right now … but does she know that Judy is your fated mate and that shes a pawn in your little game ?
###Take 86
Chapter 0086 Gavins POV Alpha , I need to tell you something , Beta Taylor said from the front seat as we drove back to the villa .
Its been a long day in the office and the last thing I wanted right now was some bad news .
I was still fuming after catching my nephew on top of Judy in broad daylight yesterday .
I hadnt spoken to either of them since catching them in the act .
I knew I shouldnt have reacted in the way that I did ; I didnt have anything against Walter .
He was a fine kid with a good head on his shoulders .
He was successful and took after his father , who I also had a decent relationship with .
But I didnt trust him with Judy .
My stomach twisted at the thought of it and I couldnt shake that feeling I brushed the thought out of my head and turned to look at my Beta whose eyes were fixed out the front window .
Well , spit it out , I demanded , already losing my patience .
Its about Judy and Walter , he said , sounding a bit sheepish .
My blood ran cold .
What about them ? I asked through my teeth .
They were spotted last night on a date , he blurted .
They went to a luxurious restaurant and were seen holding hands .
I was seeing fucking red after My beta told me this news .
I told Walter specifically to stay away from Judy and he didnt listen .
Judy didnt listen either and she knew that I could fire her at any moment .
Was this a risk she was willing to take ? Or maybe she risked it because she knew that my nephew came from money , and he could help pay her fathers debt .
She was sneaky and I wasnt going to let her get away with this nonsense .
Floor it ! I growled .
I need to get home immediately Yes , Alpha , Taylor said , pressing harder on the gas .
He knew better than to talk to me casually at this moment .
He also knew better than to go against me .
He floored it and we made it back to my villa in record time .
I didnt bother saying anything to Taylor as I stormed out of the car and into the Villa .
Adam bowed at me in greeting ; he still couldnt speak because I forbade it .
I didnt pay him any attention though ; I quickly hurried into the parlor , expecting to see Judy tutoring Matthew but what I saw was something completely different .
It was Walter and Ethan ; Walter had Ethan by the collar and was pressing him against the wall , fury radiating off him in waves .
Get your hands off me , Ethan growled through his teeth .
Why would you break up with your fated mate for my cousin  Walter growled ; his tone low but deadly .
Chapter 00 Because I fell in love , Ethan said in return , trying to break free from Walters hold .
I love Irene .
Bullshit , Walter hissed .
Think what you want but Im speaking the truth , Ethan said , narrowing his eyes .
She was your fated mate ! Walter growled .
Your wolf wouldnt have given up on her so easily .
You have no idea what you are talking about .
Youve never had a fated mate ! I didnt want the goddess .
to dictate who I ended up with , Ethan explained .
I love Irene , and I would do anything for her , even leave my fated mate .
She doesnt know that Judy and were mates though and Id like it if she didnt find out .noveldrama
And she wont , I said , interrupting their conversation .
Both Ethan and Walter froze immediately .
Walter turned his eyes to me , and he swallowed .
He released Ethan and stepped back , running his long fingers through his blond curls .
Im sorry , Uncle .
I got carried away , Walter said softly , staring at the ground .
I just didnt want to see anyone getting hurt because of this asshole .
I agree with you , I said , seemingly surprising them both .
I dont want either getting hurt .
I turned to look at Ethan and narrowed my eyes .
If you arent genuinely interested in my daughter , then you need to step away from her before its too late .
I dont want her getting married to someone who isnt 100 % interested , I told him firmly .
As much as I knew it would hurt her if Ethan were to walk away right now , it would only be worse if they got married and he ended up hurting her later .
I dont think she would be able to survive that .
I had daughters best interests at heart , and I would do anything to see her smile , but if Ethan hurt her in any my kind of way , I would most likely kill him on the spot .
###Take 87
Chapter 0087 I do love her , sir , Ethan said , bowing his head in my direction .
I would never do anything to hurt her.noveldrama
I took Judy on a date last night ; Ethan and Irene happened to be at the same restaurant .
He was staring at her the entire time , Walter said through his teeth .
I wasnt expecting Walter to openly tell me about his date after I forbade him from going near Judy .
But he was so angry with Ethan , I dont think he realized he had done it .
I thought I told you to stay away from her , I said in a growly tone , staring at my nephew .
Walter sighed and lifted his gaze to meet mine .
I know , Uncle and Im sorry .
But I couldnt help it .
Shes not like any other woman I had ever met .
Shes incredible and we have so much in common .
I really like her , and I think she might like me too , Walter explained .
My blood ran cold at the sound of him speaking about her .
I didnt really have a right to tell him that he couldnt pursue Judy though .
What Judy did in her free time , wasnt my business and I had to keep reminding myself that .
I We are going out again tonight , Walter continued .
I dont want to date her behind your back , but I will if needed .
I pressed my lips together , my eyes never leaving his You have some nerve , Ethan said , folding his arms across his chest .
I saw the way the waitress was flirting with you the entire date .
You barely did anything about it .
Walter scowled .
Not that its any of your concern , but she had been dealt with .
Judy and I spoke about it and shes fine , Walter told him firmly .
Ethan rolled his eyes and shook his head .
Judy is smart , and shell see right through you one day .
You two arent going to last , Ethan muttered .
me .
14 Thats enough ! I said , bringing the conversation to order and bringing their attention back to This isnt about Judy ; this is about Irene .
I swear to the Goddess , Ethan , if you hurt my daughter , I wont hesitate to kill you .
But first , Id simply torture you because death would be too good .
I knew my Alpha aura was darkening , and Ethan shivered as he bowed his head and nodded .
I would never hurt her .
I love her , Alpha , Ethan assured me .
Even as he said those words , I didnt truly believe them .
Walter was right ; it was strange that he would leave his fated mate for my daughter .
Unless it was because he knows that with Irene by his side , Id grant him the role of Alpha of the Redmoon pack .
You dont seem surprised to find out that Ethan and Judy are mates ? Walter pointed out .
Chaapter Cou ? My eyes remained on Ethansa Lanswered my nephew .
Because I already knew , wzrol Mudy and I had an understanding that her past relationship with Ethan wouldnt affect the presented site wouldnt do anything to jeopardize this wedding for the sub of my daughter .
Im hoping that than cold nave that same understanding Judy knows that you know ? Then stood assing his brows She never said anything … Its not her responsibility to inform you these things and you didnt need to know .
Your main focus should always be on Irene .
Dolinake inveti Near ? Ethan swallowed as he looked up at Gavintena Watter .
He knew that he couldnt go against Gavin if he wanted to get what he wanted ! Hegawinimunod Yes , Alpha , he answered .
My main focus wildway be on trene .
Good , 1 said without any emotions .
Now younasravell He nodded .
Yes , sir , he said .
Perhaps you should return to my cousin , Walter suggestedmarrowing his eves .
Ethan looked between the two of us before he turned at co tire kitchen .
Now that I was alone with my nephew , I turned to look at him , 1 know you dont want me to go on a date with your staff memborbu Just be safe , I said , interrupting him .
During this conversatice : ealized shouldnt be possessive over an employee .
I didnt have any right to keep her from dating ads could do worse than my nephew .
My wolf was agitated at the very thought but I managed to settled him .
Youre okay with this ? Walter aside , raising his brows .
I didnt say that , I muttered , turning away from him .
I dont care if yourze mynephew , Walter .
If yeo hun her , Ill kill you .
###Take 88
Chapter 0088 Judys POV I wasnt really sure what I was expecting , but an actual light show gallery was not it .
The entire event was busy with people , and it was completely outside .
It was the most spectacular thing I had ever witnessed .
There was a ton of artwork created by packmates from all over , and the work was lit up in the most gorgeous lighting I had ever seen .
My mind was whirling as we walked around the outdoor gallery ..
Walter told me that I didnt need to dress up for this event , so I settled on a pair of jeans and a nice blouse that showed off a he waited in the car wit of my cleavage , but not too much to distract him .
Once again , Max drove , but he waited in the car while we enjoyed the gallery .
There were some food trucks parked on the side of the road as well and Walter mentioned trying out some food .
I agreed and we walked to the food trucks together .
How did you even know about this place ? I asked him once t I my corn dog , and Walter got his chili dog .
I smiled at the thought of him eating a chili dog ; last night we were eating luxury food , and now we were eating basic street food .
He took a bite of the chili dog , getting some on his cheek in the process and then he took a sip of his giant soda .
Irene mentioned it , he admitted .
I frowned at him .
What ? I asked .
She said something about wanting to check it out .
I thought it would be fun for us to do , he said with a shrug .
My heart fell into my stomach as I looked around , a frown marring my lips .
Did she say something about coming here ? I asked , trying not to sound bothered , but I couldnt help myself .
The last thing I wanted was for Ethan to showap .
I think she might have changed her mind .
Ethan and she have been having some arguments lately , he murmured .
I dont think she was in the mood to go anywhere tonight .noveldrama
I nodded , biting my lower lip .
Ethan hadnt been exactly subtle lately and I worried that it would start affecting his relationship with Irene .
If they broke up , Gavin would blame me and then there would be no doubt in my mind that hed fire me .
This is delicious , he said , taking another large bite .
Who knew sloppy flood could taste so good .
I couldnt help but smile as I grabbed one of my napkins .
I stepped towards him and started to wipe his cheek Um , everybody , I told him .
When we finished our food , we threw away our trash and then walked around the gallery some more .
There was one sculpture made of white marble that stood out amongst all .
It was a carving of a woman with long flowing hair that wrapped around her narrow waist , and she wore a gown that covered most of her body , but in a way that showed off each of her curves .
She was smiling up at the sky , her eyes fixed on the moon above and her arms held out like she was trying to reach for the stars .
She was wrapped Chapter 0088 entirely in shimmering lights , and she lit up most of the gallery .
Who is this ? I asked , my voice breathless as I stared into the womans marble eyes .
I think shes supposed to be the Moon Goddess , he told me .
Shes beautiful , I whispered .
Walter took hold of my hand and gave it a gentle squeeze .
She is , he said thoughtfully , but he wasnt looking at the statue , he was looking at me .
I blushed , knowing he was talking about me .
The evening was perfect ; the light jazz music played in the background and the guests talked quietly amongst themselves , not wanting to ruin the essence of the gallery .
I love this song , Walter said , closing his eyes and swaying to the soft melody of the instrumental jazz .
I raised my brows .
Youre a fan of Jazz ? I asked him .
He opened one eye to look at me , a smirk playing on his lips .
Yes , he answered .
I listen to it often back in France It reminds me so much of home .
I know youve only been gone for a few days , but do you miss it ? He shrugged .
Yes , and no , he answered .
I miss my company and my friends .
But theres something here that I cant find there .
I watched him as he continued to sway around to the music , humming along with the instruments .
And what would that be ? I asked him .
He looked at me thoughtfully as he held out his hand for me to take .
I stared at it , hesitantly , not sure if I should take it or not .
He gave me a wide and boyish grin that made me smile in return , so I took his hand and allowed him to pull me into his embrace .
He wrapped an arm around my waist , keeping my flesh against his body , while he held my other hand delicately in his .
We swayed around to the music , and he twirled me , pulling me back into his arms .
You , he finally answered , dipping me low .
My head fell back as he dipped me but then he pulled me back into him and we continued to sway around .
Our dancing caught the attention of others who were smiling and watching us .
###Take 89
Chapter 0089 Some even started to dance with their partners as well ! You speak pretty words , Mr.
Landry , I teased as he twirled me around again .
This time he twirled me a bit faster , and I nearly lost my footing .
I had to wrap an arm around his neck to keep myself steady and it only brought my body that much closer to his .
My breath got caught in my throat when we wound up only inches from one another , our breaths intermingling with one another .
I only speak the truth , Miss Montague , he replied , dipping me low again .
When the song ended , we received some claps and I smiled , giving the audience a short wave .
Walter chuckled and guided me away from everyone .
We took a short walk , staring up at the sparkling stars and the bright moon that shined above us .
Such a beautiful night , I said thoughtfully .
It certainly is , he agreed .
He wrapped an around me , pulling me into him .
I gave him an awkward smile ; now that we werent around others and we were no longer dancing , the close proximity felt weird .
Thank you for coming with me tonight .
You have made tonight quite enjoyable , he told me sincerely .noveldrama
I had a nice night as well , Walter , I told him .
Thank you .
We stopped walking and he turned to face me .
You are very beautiful , he told me , brushing a strand of hair out of my face .
Im sorry if I came off a little strong last night .
My intention wasnt to scare you .
I blushed at the memory ; he tried to kiss me , and I turned my head away from him , shielding the kiss .
It wasnt that I was scared , I told him .
I wasnt ready .
He looked at me thoughtfully for a moment .
Because of Ethan ? I was stunned by his words ; I wanted to step away , but he was holding me close to him .
Im sorry , what ? I asked , my eyes wide and filled with alarm .
I know about you two , he admitted .
I had Maxwell look into it .
You are mates .
Why would you look into that ? I asked in a harsh whisper .
Im sorry if I overstepped .
But I could tell something was wrong , he told me quickly .
I am not trying to upset you or hurt you , Judy .
I just wanted to understand you .
And you couldnt have just asked me ? I asked , feeling a bit betrayed .
I did , and you lied to me , he reminded me , making my face heat again .
You dont need to be afraid , Chapter 0089 Judy .
I am here and I am not going to hurt you .
What he did was awful , but it wasnt your fault .
Walter , Irene cannot know … I know , he said gently .
And she never will .
I swallowed the lump in my throat ; I stared at him , trying to figure out if he was genuine or not .
Once I decided , I gave him a nod .
You are safe with me , Judy .
I promise , he assured me .
I felt that he was being truthful , so I relaxed into him a bit .
He gave me a compassionate smile and leaned his head down , so he was only inches from me .
I know you say you arent ready , but you are being here with me right now says something different , he told me .
He ran his fingers down the side of my face , and I looked up at him .
I want very much to kiss you .
I bit my lower lip and stared into his eyes ; he was looking at my mouth with a hungry expression and my chest tightened slightly .
I nodded , giving him permission to kiss me .
A smile tipped the corner of his lips as he bent down and pressed his lips tenderly against mine .
Third Person POV Ethan and Irene arrived at the gallery ; after some convincing , Irene finally relented and went with Ethan .
She wasnt really in the mood to go anywhere this evening , but he insisted that they needed a date night and a better place than the Silver Crescent Light Gallery .
Get yourself something to eat, Ethan said , handing her his card .
Ill be right back .
She nodded and went towards the food cart , not bothering to argue with him .
He walked around the gallery for a moment , trying to get a glimpse of Judy .
He knew that she was here this evening , and he was determined to get her alone so they could talk .
When he found her , his entire stomach twisted .
She was alone with Walter , and they were kissing ! He reached into his pocket and grabbed his phone , knowing he had to begin the next phase of his plan.
before he lost her entirely .
He brought up his subordinate phone number and pressed the phone to his ear .
Boss , his subordinate said on the other end .
Its go time , he said darkly .
I need you to do what we discussed earlier .
There was silence on the other end and then a dark chuckle .
Gladly .
His subordinate had been waiting for this moment .
###Take 90
hapter 0090 Judys POV He kissed you ?! Nan shrieked on the phone the next afternoon .
I had to pull the phone away from my ear at the sound of her loud voice .
Yes , I told her .
It was unexpected .
The Uber driver parked the car outside of Gavins villa .
I thanked him before handing him his tip and got out of the car .
Nan , I have to go , I just got to work , I told her , rushing her off the phone as I ascended the steps that led to the front door .
Okay , but you have to call me later .
I need all the details , she told me .
Will do , I assured her , and then I hung up the phone .
Truth be told , there werent many details to tell her .
The kiss was decent enough , but it wasnt anything to write home about .
It didnt ignite my passion or leave me feeling breathless … it didnt even make my legs weak .
It was nothing like the kiss Ive shared with Gavin in the past .
My cheeks warmed at the thought .
Why was Gavin popping up in my head at moments like these? I should not be thinking about Gavin or his kisses .
That was the last thing I should be thinking about right now .
But even during my date last night when I was with Walter , I couldnt help but wonder what it would have been like to be with Gavin .
To have Gavins arms wrapped around me while we danced under the moonlight to beautiful jazz music .
What it would have been like to have his lips pressed against mine during the heat of the passion and to know that I was the only one he wanted to be with .
I needed to get a grip on myself because those thoughts were ridiculous .
Those things could never happen .
He was my boss and nothing more .
Just because we almost had sex that one time , doesnt mean he has any type of feelings towards me .
If anything , he felt the opposite .
He thought of me as a showgirl .
Someone he can have one night stands with and never see again .
The thought left an unsettled feeling in my chest that swallowed down .
Adam stood at the doorway with an indifferent look on his face .
I knew he was still upset with me for making him look foolish in front of his boss .
Now , he wasnt even allowed to speak in the presence of Gavin .
Its not like it was my fault ; Adam was the one who was trying to get me fired the moment I got the job .
I still didnt understand why that was ; I mean Adam was the one who invited me to apply for this job in the first place .
Master Matthew is waiting for you in the parlor , he told me .
Hes already gotten a head start on his homework .
I think hes eager to spar this evening .
I smiled at the thought .
Thanks , Adam , I said to him , trying to be polite .
1/2 Chapter 0090 I didnt want any bad blood between us , but that also depended on him as well .
He nodded and I went on my way to the back parlor where Mathew was buried in his book and taking notes in his notebook .
I smiled at the sight , but then my smile faltered when I saw who was seated on the loveseat across the room , scrolling through her phone .
When I entered the room , she looked up and gave me a wry smile .
Hello , Judy , she greeted ; her voice sounding almost sad .
Hey , Irene , I replied , trying not to sound too bothered by her being here .
At least she was alone this time ; I wanted to ask her where her fiancé was , but I had a feeling her sour mood had something to do with him .
Maybe she didnt like the fact that he dragged her to the gallery last night .
Walter told me that they had been fighting a lot lately and she didnt want to go out last night , so I was surprised when I saw the two of them there when we returned from our walk .
I thought for certain Ethan would try and talk to me at some point during the evening , but surprisingly , he kept his distance .
Maybe he was finally getting the hint that I wanted nothing to do with him .
Or maybe he just didnt want his precious Irene to feel insecure and worried that his mind was elsewhere .
Is it okay if I sit with you while you tutor ? She asked .
I need to get my mind off stuff .
I glanced at Matt who was still busy doing his homework before I turned back to Irene .noveldrama
I dont mind , I told her .
She looked relieved and relaxed back into the loveseat .
I went to Matt and sat beside him .
We spent the next hour doing the rest of his homework and going over the stuff that he had already done .
Once completed , we went out back to practice combat and defense .
As we walked outside , I was surprised to see that Irene was following us .
Her nose was still buried in her phone , and she was barely paying attention to where she was walking , but she was following after us .
Once we reached our destination , Irene sat at one of the lounge chairs that was set up and she continued to type away on her phone .
I furrowed my brows at her , but she didnt notice .
Her and Ethan got into another fight , Matt whispered .
Shes been sulking all day .
###Take 91
Chapter 0091 My heart lightened a little ; I felt bad for her .
She had no idea about the cruel jerk she was engaged to , but maybe she would start to understand things on her own .
I brushed the thought out of my head ; it wasnt my problem or concern .
I was here to do a job and that was it .
My main focus was on my father and getting his debt paid so he could return to my mother , and we could be a happy family once again .
Matt and I spent the next couple of hours sparring and practicing his defense moves .
Once we were finished , were both panting and covered in sweat .
Good practice , I praised , patting him on the back .
Youve been improving greatly .
I have a great tutor , he replied with a beaming smile .
Thanks for helping me , Judy .noveldrama
.
You should get inside and shower before dinner .
Im sure the maids are in the process of cooking it as we speak , I told him , glancing at my watch and seeing that it was just past 5 pm .
He nodded and hurried inside .
My eyes wandered over to Irene who was no longer staring at her phone ; instead , she was staring at me .
She had an expression on her face that I couldnt quite read … maybe it was nervousness .
Like she wanted to talk to me about something , but she was too afraid to bring it up .
I figured if she wanted to talk , she would , so I turned away and started to clean up my supplies , shoving them into my bag .
I hadnt noticed , or heard her , moving from her seat , but by the time I was done packing up my things and turning back around , she was standing right behind me .
I nearly fell backward in shock .
Sorry , she murmured .
I didnt mean to scare you … She bit her lower lip and rubbed the back of her arm awkwardly as she stood in front of me .
I sighed , giving in .
Is everything okay , Irene ? I asked her .
You seem off today .
As if she was snapping herself out of her daze , she blinked a few times and then lifted her gaze to meet mine .
Im not really sure .
I guess Im just confused , she admitted .
Judy , do you want to go shopping with me tonight ? I raised my brows .
I dont really have the money to go shopping , I admitted , feeling my cheeks redden .
It would be my treat of course , she said hurriedly .
We can grab something for dinner too .
Just the two of us .
Is there a reason behind it ? I asked her , raising my brows .
No … I just need someone to talk to , she said softly , glancing at the ground .
Im not sure if Im the best one for that , Irene … I tried to say , but she quickly stopped me .
I dont have anyone else , Judy , she said quickly .
I could use some girl time … please … she pleaded .
Chapter 0091 My heart tugged for the girl , and I found it hard to say no , so I relented with a sigh .
Okay , I told her .
I glanced down at my sweaty gym clothes .
I should probably change though .
I have clothes you can borrow ! She said , grabbing my arm .
Come on ! She pulled me along with her and when we got inside , we nearly ran straight into Gavin .
He froze at the sight of us and then his eyes darkened when he saw our interlocked arms .
What are you two doing ? He asked , staring between the two of us .
Im taking Judy to change her clothes , Irene answered before I could utter a single word .
We are going shopping and to get dinner .
He raised his brows at his daughter and then his eyes focused on me .
Is that so ? I bit my lip and nodded slowly , my eyes never leaving his .
Yes , I answered , my voice coming out way breathier than I wanted it to .
My heart was hammering in my chest and my wolf was immediately perking up being in the presence of Gavin Landry .
I had to fight to keep her under control ; she was embarrassing sometimes .
Irene started to pull me away but as we stepped around Gavin , his hand wrapped around my bicep , halting me in place .
His touch sent a shockwave through my system and goosebumps immediately formed on my flesh .
Irene frowned at her father .
Shell meet you up there , Gavin told his daughter .
She gave me a concerned look before glaring at her father again .
Eventually , she nodded and unhooked her arm from mine .
She quickly hurried up the stairs .
Iturned to look at Gavin who kept his gentle hold on my arm .
Can I help you with something , Alpha ? I asked him , trying to appear innocent .
I dont know what game you are playing , but leave Irene out of it , he said through his teeth .
I was a bit hurt by his words ; I wasnt trying to play any game , and it wasnt right that hed assume otherwise .
Im not sure what you are talking about , I told him truthfully .
You can pretend all you want , but I know women like you .
Youll step on anyone if it means getting what you want , he murmured , his voice low and threatening .
You already have my nephew wrapped around your finger , Im sure hes a part of your pawn as well .
If you hurt my daughter , Ill make your life a living hell .
###Take 92
Chapter 0092 Judys POV I was momentarily stunned by his words .
Did he really think I was so cruel and conniving that I would purposely hurt someone to get what I wanted ? The only thing I wanted was to work hard and pay off my fathers debt , I wasnt looking for anything and I certainly didnt want to hurt anyone .
Ethan was doing enough of that for the both of us .
I didnt have to stand here and let him ridicule me though ; I was fed up with being looked down on .
I pulled my arm out of his grip and glared up at Gavin , my rage evident in my eyes .
I dont want to hurt anyone , I told him .noveldrama
Im capable of hanging out with your daughter and being friends with her without any alternative motives , Alpha Gavin .
If you have a problem with me being friends with her , then perhaps you should speak to her about it .
She was the one who invited me out after all .
I didnt bother to stick around and listen to his response .
I turned and quickly hurried up the stairs and after Irene .
Though , I could feel Gavins eyes burning in a hole in the back of my head .
I wondered what he was thinking at that moment or if he believed me .
I walked into Irenes bedroom ; she was busy throwing together an outfit for me .
She smiled when she saw me at the doorway .
Did father upset you ? She asked after a quick assessment of my face .
No , I lied .
He was just talking to me about Matts studies .
She nodded thoughtfully as she went back to picking out an outfit .
Here , put this on , she said , handing me a white crop top and a pair of Capri jeans .
I took them and went into her bathroom .
The clothing fit a bit tighter than it would have fit her because shes smaller than me , but it wasnt uncomfortable , and they were honestly cute .
I slid my shoes back onto my feet and brushed out my hair , taking it out of tight restraints .
I splashed some cold and sprayed some body spray on myself to make myself smell better .
Once satisfied , I left the bathroom to meet with Irene .
She smiled widely at me when she saw my appearance You look amazing , she breathed .
You can just put your dirty clothes in my hamper .
The maids will clean it later .
I hesitated , but I eventually did what she said and put the dirty clothes in her hamper near her closet .
Irene draped an arm through mine and gave me another wide smile .
Come on , she said , motioning for me to follow her .
I followed after her ; we went down the stairs and I saw that Gavin was speaking to his driver , Leroy , at the front door .
Irene frowned and folded her arms across her chest .
What are you doing ? She asked , narrowing her eyes at her father .
Leroy is going to take you girls into the city , he answered .
Chapter 0092 I was planning on driving my new car , Irene said with a pout .
Im not arguing about this , Gavin growled , clearly not in the mood .
I wondered if he was angry because of our conversation .
I decided against pressing him and turned to look at a fuming Irene .
It was obvious she did not want Leroy to be driving us , but it also seemed as if she didnt really have a choice .
After a moment , she relented and followed Leroy outside .
I only hesitated a moment , glancing back at Gavin who was watching me .
His expression was indifferent and making a nervous pit form in the middle of my stomach .
Without a word to him , I turned and followed Irene and Leroy outside .
We both got into the backseat while Leroy got into the drivers seat .
Leroy , roll up the window , Irene ordered , her tone hard .
Leroy glanced at us briefly from the rearview mirror before he pressed the button that rolled up the window separating the backseat from the front seat , giving Irene and me privacy .
Irene let out a breath of air Im sure shes been holding .
Everything okay ? I finally asked after we remained silent for most of the drive .
She glanced at me , and I could see the turmoil in her eyes .
I just wanted to get away , she murmured .
Away from everything and everyone , but that makes it hard when my father enlists his men to watch over me like a hawk .
Its just Leroy , I told her .
Hes barely watching you She rolled her eyes .
於 If you think its only Leroy , then you are deranged .
Look behind us , she muttered .
I glanced over my shoulder at the car driving behind us .
I raised my brows when I recognized the driver .
He was one of the guards Ive seen around the Silver Crescent pack .
His passenger was also a guard .
Are those Gammas ? I asked in awe .
She sighed .
Yes , she muttered .
He never lets me go anywhere by myself .
Im always being watched .
I was hoping since Im with you , things would be different .
Is that why you wanted me to come along with you ? I asked , feeling kind of dejected .
Here I was thinking she wanted a friend , but she just wanted to get out without being followed by her fathers warriors .
She glanced at me with a frown .
###Take 93
Chapter 0093 No , she told me , her tone softening .
Honestly , I wanted to hang out with you , because I wanted to talk .
I needed someone to talk to and I need to reassure myself that its all in Whats on your mind ? I asked her .
my head .
She bit her lower lip and stared at her hands .
Not here , she finally said after a brief silence .
Lets just enjoy the evening first .
We can talk when we grab dinner .
I stare at her for a moment longer before relenting .
If she didnt want to talk right now , then we werent going to talk right now .
She wanted to take her mind off things and ease her discomfort .
30 minutes later , we arrived in the busy city .
Leroy parked the car in front of one of the department stores .
He didnt get out with us as I expected him to , but the guards in the car behind us did get out after they parked .
They were wearing casual clothing , but their weapons were clearly hidden beneath their outfits .
They were also trying to not make it obvious that they were following us .
I appreciated the effort , but I doubted that mattered to Irene .
She was still upset that they were there .
Lets go into this store , she said , pointing at one of the high end boutiques .
Ive only ever walked by this store in the past .
Even when my family had money , I never dared walk in here .
I wasnt surprised that this was the first store that Irene wanted to check out though and I wasnt going to argue with her , so I quickly followed her into the boutique .
Pick out anything youd like , she told me from over her shoulder .
Its on me .
You really dont have to buy me anything , I told her , but she was already around the corner and disappeared in a rack of designer clothing .
I sighed and glanced around at all the beautiful outfits and dresses .
These were all too fancy for my taste .
I slowly made my way around the boutique , wondering what it must be like for Irene who could come here whenever she wanted and buy whatever she wanted .
It must be nice to live like that and never worry about money .
Being a Landry , she never had to work a day in her life .
Everything would always be handed to her .
I walked by the jewelry counter and noticed all the gorgeous designs on display .
One in particular caught my eye ; it was a necklace with a ruby pendant and a pure cold chain .
There were clusters of diamonds around the ruby that made it sparkle under the illuminating light .
It was the most beautiful necklace I had ever seen , and I found myself drawn to it .
I reached out to touch the ruby with my fingertips but the black box that held the piece was immediately slammed shut , I managed to pull my fingers away before they were hurt and I looked up at the furious woman that stood before me .noveldrama
What the hell do you think youre doing  She asked through her teeth .
My heart hammered wildly in my chest .
I was just looking- Chapter 0093 You cant even afford to breathe in this store let alone touch this necklace .
Keep your grimy fingers off ! My face paled and my wolf growled in my head .
She did not like this woman speaking to us like that .
Im sorry ? You should be , she hissed .
How dare you walk into my boutique and think you have any right to touch anything here .
You shouldnt be here .
Im a customer- She barked out a laugh , cutting off my words .
Oh , please .
You couldnt afford one of our socks let alone jewelry , she murmured , shaking her head .
She glanced down at my outfit and grimaced .
I mean look at you ; youre dressed like a cheap hooker .
Is that what you do for work ? Must be a real struggle to have to suck dick for a living .
You have no idea what you are talking about , I argued .
I cant believe you were about to touch a 5 million dollar necklace .
Youre lucky you didnt dirty it , or Id make you pay for it , she said , shaking her head as she put the necklace back on display .
How about you save yourself from further embarrassment and get the fuck out of this store ! What seems to be the problem ? A gruffly male voice said from nearby .
A tall man , wearing a nice suit and black designer glasses , walked out from behind the counter .
The woman sneered at me and her lip curled in disgust .
She almost ruined the Emily Wonton designer ruby necklace , the woman hissed .
The man looked at me , sizing me up from my toes to my head and his eyes narrowed .
Do you have any idea how expensive that necklace is He asked .
Im the manager of this boutique and I made the rule that anyone who cant afford my product wasnt allowed in here .
If you arent going to make a purchase , then I suggest you leave .
Look at her ; she cant afford anything here , the woman shickered .
Shes pathetic .
Ill have security throw her out immediately , sir .
No need to get security , a familiar voice said from behind me .
Im sure we can talk this out like adults .
###Take 94
Chapter 0094 Judys POV Ugh , you brought your slimy friend with you ? This isnt a thrift store , the woman hissed .
Im calling secur- Before she could finish her sentence , the manager grabbed her arm and yanked her away from us .
She nearly fell to the ground from the force .
Her startled eyes darted around the room until they landed on her boss .
S … sir ? She stammered , trying to recover herself .
Are you out of your mind ? He growled .
Do you have any idea who that is ? Irene stepped beside me ; her arms folded across her chest and her eyes narrowed at the two of them .
She did not look pleased , and I wanted to take a step away from her , unable to take the heat of her aura any longer , but I remained rooted to the ground .
HER This is Irene Landry , he said under his breath , forcing a smile at Irene .noveldrama
The womans eyes grew large at the mention of Irenes name .
She quickly turned to face Irene , bowing her head .
Miss Landry , Im so sorry .
I didnt recognize you .
Its such an honor to meet you , she said , her tone holding a hint of nervousness .
Irene didnt look amused .
Ignoring the woman , she turned to the manager .
Is this how you train your staff , Rodrigo ? She asked coldly .
Do you really think this will blow over well with my father ? The manager , Rodrigo , swallowed the lump in his throat ; his face had gone pale , and he looked utterly defeated .
Of course not , he said , giving a nervous chuckle .
Shelly had been unwell lately and is lacking judgment .
I assure you ; it wont happen again .
It wasnt really you that I was aiming to disrespect , he woman , Shelly , said , her eyes darting to me .
It was this woman .
She doesnt belong here- This woman happens to be a dear friend of mine , Irene shot back , making Shelly gasp dramatically .
She staggered backward her eyes wide and filled with alarm .
Any disrespect towards her is disrespect towards me as well .
I … I had no idea And that makes it right ? Irene all but shouted .
I had never seen this side of her before ; she was usually so calm and collected but at this very moment she was acting like an entitled heiress .
Not that these people didnt deserve it ; they were terrible to me .
I was grateful that Irene was standing up for me , but I also felt a little weird standing by her side while she shined so brightly in this boutique .
Chapter 0094 N … no , of course not , Shelly said , lowering her gaze , her body trembling .
Irene turned to the manager , her face lacking emotions .
If you dont do something about this , Ill call my father , and he will .
You wont like whatll happen if I have to call my father , she told him in a cold and calculating tone .
He swallowed again ; his Adams apple moving slightly He turned to Shelly and his face was stone cold as he glared down at her .
P …please , Shelly nearly whaled .
Im so sorry .
I didnt mean to be disrespectful .
I can change … she pleaded .
Its too late , Shelly .
Youve been disrespectful enough and this time , it was towards the wrong people .
You must learn from your mistakes .
I cannot keep employing you any longer .
Finish with their transactions and make sure they get everything they need .
After you finish bagging their items , you can grab your things and leave .
What ?! She gasped .
I believe he just fired you , Irene said innocently with a fake smile .
Dont make this harder than it has to be .
Shelly looked shocked but she knew better than to argue because it would only make things worse for her .
She looked at me and I could see the fury in her eyes ; it made me uneasy , and I was finally able to take a step away .
Irene turned to me and her face softened ; she looked like her old self again .
###Take 95
Chapter 0095 Are you okay ? She asked .
I blinked a few times , confused by the sudden change .
I think so , I told her .
But can we go ? She frowned .
Not until we shopped until our hearts contents , she said , grabbing my arm .
Lets keep them busy .
I didnt want to stay in this place , but I didnt argue .
An hour later , we were leaving with arms of bags .
Thankfully , Leroy was still out front , so we were able to drop off our shopping bags with him while we continued to shop .
By the time we finished , I was exhausted and starving .
Can you two maybe go somewhere else for an hour while we eat ? I heard Irene asking her guards .
They both looked at one another .
We have orders to stay with you- One of them tried to say .
I know the orders , she said bitterly .
But we can manage dinner without an audience .
Please … I just need some space , and Id like to eat in peace .
Well , what are we supposed to do ? The other one asked .
I dont care .
Stay here with Leroy , she suggested .
That way youll be in range if anything happens .
They looked uncertain , but they soon relented with a head nod .
Okay , but the first sign of danger and we are getting you out of there , he said , folding his arms across his chest .
Irene smiled sweetly and turned on her heel , motioning for me to follow .
We went into a gorgeous small restaurant , and we were greeted by the hostess immediately .
She knew Irene and greeted her by name , barely sparing me a glance .
Irene ordered us each a glass of white wine and glasses of lemon water while we looked over the menu .
I finally settled on a BLT sandwich with a side of coleslaw and Irene ordered a Greek salad .
Once we put our orders in , we remained silent for a long while , sipping on our glasses of wine and staring at our empty plates .
Irene looked uneasy and I knew there was something on her mind .
She wanted to talk to me during dinner and I guessed it was difficult for her to bring up .
I sighed and cleared my throat , bringing her attention to me .
You said you wanted to talk about something , I reminded her .
She nodded and bit her lower lip .noveldrama
Its about Ethan , she said in a whisper .
She looked around to make sure no one was listening to our conversation .
My heart felt heavy in my chest ; I had a feeling it was going to be about Ethan .
But I was hoping it Chapter 0095 wouldnt be .
I sat back in my seat and watched her warily .
Go on , I said hesitantly .
I dont know how to ask this and Im sorry if Im coming off a bit weird … she began to say quickly .
But is there something going on between you two ? I raised my brows .
What ? I asked .
Are you sleeping with him ? She blurted .
I gasped at her erupt question and nearly shot to my feet .
But I kept my composure and just stared at her , dumbfounded .
Why would she think we were sleeping together ? Had I done something to make her think this ? When I didnt respond right away , Irene winced .
Im sorry , but I need to know if you are sleeping with my fiancé , Judy … Of course , Im not , I told her in a harsh whisper .
Why would you think that ? She bit her lip and chewed on it for a moment .
Because you both act strangely around one another , she answered .
You get weird and Ethan … well Ethan cant take his eyes off you .
I felt heat rushing to my cheeks .
She truly was observant .
Im not sleeping with him , I assured her .
I barely even know him .
We are from the same pack , so I knew him before you introduced us .
But I would never sleep with him knowing hes in a relationship with someone else , I assured her .
###Take 96
Chapter 0096 She lifted her gaze to meet mine ; she stared at me for a long while as if she was trying to figure out if I was being truthful or not .
Really ? She finally asked .
Yes , I told her .
Besides , your father would kill me if I overstepped .
She smirked and then shrugged .
He is very protective , she admitted .
I just dont get where Ethans head has been at lately .
Hes hard to read .
From what I remember , hes always been like that , I told her .
I wouldnt take it to heart though , Irene .
He loves you and wants to be with you .
He chose you .
She seemed to have relaxed because she finally smiled a genuine smile , and then she nodded .
The waitress gave us our meals and we talked mindlessly as we ate .
I felt a bit hollow since the conversation though ; I didnt like lying to her about my history with Ethan and the fact that Ethan loves her .
I knew he was only using her and if she found out about that , it would destroy her .
Once dinner concluded , Irene grabbed my arm before I could go out the front door .
Lets go out the back , she whispered , a devilish and humored look in her eyes .
What ? I asked her , raising my eyebrows .
Why ? Because the guards are out front and I just want a little longer without them , she said , glancing out the front door .
Lets take a walk .
I didnt argue with her ; I followed her out the back door and we walked through the dirty alley until we reached the street .
I could see Leroys car and the guards car a distance away near the front door of the restaurant .
Irene saw them too and we quickly hurried in the opposite direction .
As we ran , I couldnt help but laugh .
I felt like a child sneaking around her parents .
Irene was also chuckling , both of us gasping for breath and holding our stomachs as we laughed around the corner .
I leaned against the building we were near , sure that we were far enough away to rest for a minute .
We cant avoid them forever , I chuckled .
I know , she sighed .
I just wanted to have some fun I wrapped an arm through hers .
I get it , I assured her .
Maybe we can hang out again ? She perked up , a look of pure happiness in her eyes .
Really ? She asked .
I had to admit , I liked hanging out with her .
She was easy to be around and easy to love .
It was no wonder Ethan wanted her and not me … it was more than just her status ; it was who she was as a person .
She deserved better than Ethan .
ter 0096 nted to tell her the truth , I hated lying to her .
It didnt make me feel good and she was only going to hurt as a result .
Gavin was wrong for keeping this from her .
me on , she said, pulling me along with her .
Lets get back before they send a search party out for ?dded but as we walked , I grew more apprehensive .
I wanted to tell her the truth despite what Gavin ght want .
But as I opened my mouth to speak , a white van pulled up beside us and a ton of men piled t of the car , surrounding us .
ey were masked strangers with sickly scents , and they were huge .
I got in my fighting stance knowing at I didnt stand a chance because there were so many of them and only one of me , he look of panic was clear on Irenes face .noveldrama
She went to scream , but she immediately passed out when meone stuck a syringe into her neck .
Irene ! I yelled , trying to get to her , but I felt a sting in my neck and then arms wrapped around my mp body , just as everything went black .
###Take 97
Chapter 0097 Judys POV I woke up to the sounds of murmurs nearby ; my memory of what had happened was a bit foggy and my head ached like I was hungover , but I dont remember drinking that much .
I had mainly water with a few sips of white wine at dinner , but it wasnt enough to make me hungover .
I dont even remember falling asleep .
My fingers twitched as I came to , and I could feel the cold concrete ground beneath me .
That was part of the reason why my body was aching .
Then I felt the cold metal chains around my wrists and the burning that the silver invoked .
Silver was a werewolfs weakness , and I knew before I even opened my eyes that I wouldnt be able to channel my wolf or send out a mindlink to anyone in my pack .
I also knew that I was in danger .
A slight memory came back to me , and I remember running and laughing with Irene by my side .
Was Irene here with me ? Did she somehow set me up ? Maybe she didnt believe me when I told her that nothing was going on between Ethan and me .
Maybe this was part of her plan ; to make sure the guards didnt follow us so she could kidnap me and possibly kill me .
Another memory resurfaced and I remembered watching Irene fall to the ground after a man attacked her .
He stabbed her in the neck with a syringe and she passed out immediately .
My heart hammered in my chest , and I knew my breathing was unsteady .noveldrama
I tried to keep it steady just in case I wasnt alone wherever I was .
I could hear the light whispers from some men nearby and I tried to channel my wolf so I could hear better , but to no prevail .
However , their voices grew louder as their footsteps neared .
I might not have my wolf senses , but the moment they were close enough , I could smell them .
It was the same sickly scent from before .
Rogues .
I thought we were only paid to capture one girl , one of the rogues asked in a harsh whisper .
So , well ask for more money , another said with a dark chuckle .
Who are they anyways ? I dont fucking know .
I didnt ask questions .
He gave me a price and I told him no problein , another rogue muttered .
Im starving ; lets get some food while we wait for them to wake up .
Itll probably be a while .
We used a lot of wolfsbane .
They sauntered off ; the sounds of their shoes growing more distant and then I heard the opening and shutting of a door , along with a lock .
So far , telling from their voices , there were 3 of them .
But I remembered there being more than that before I passed out .
I opened my eyes and immediately knew that I was in a dark cellar .
I lifted my head , ignoring the pounding of my temple .
It seemed I was in a large cage of some sort , like a caged animal .
I felt myself growing more furious by the second .
I looked around , trying to get my bearings , but it was hard to see without my wolfs natural abilities guiding me .
But I was able to see clearly enough to know that I wasnt alone .
Chapter 0097 My heart sank when I saw Irene lying next to me , completely passed out .
She had a gash on her head from when she fell to the ground , and she was looking so pale .
Irene … I croaked , crawling over to her .
I winced as the metal around my wrists burned into my flesh .
I touched her cold cheek and felt a surge of panic rushing towards me .
I felt around her neck for a pulse and when I found a faint one , I let out a breath of relief .
I brushed her blood soaked hair out of her face .
Please , wake up , I whispered .
We have to get out of here .
The problem was , I had no idea how we were going to leave here .
I knew one thing for sure ; these men thought I was still passed out and they werent going to do anything until we were both awake , which meant I had to act like I was asleep when I heard them returning .
I rested my back against the wall and took a deep and shaky breath , coughing slightly at the musky feel of the dusty air .
I wasnt sure how I was able to recover from the wolfsbane so quickly , but I knew Irene would probably be asleep for a while .
I reached for her slowly sliding her across the floor so her head could be rested on my lap .
I slowly stroked her hair , humming softly to her .
I didnt want her to be afraid when she woke up .
Im not sure how long we remained like that for ; there were no windows and there was no clock , so I had no idea what time it was .
But I know it had to have been hours at least .
I was groggy and my head was bobbing up and down when I heard the shoes approaching .
I quickly scooted Irene off my lap , so her head was rested on the ground again and then I rested my head beside hers , closing my eyes .
###Take 98
Chapter 0098 They are still out ? One of the guys asked , peeking into the cage .
Looks that way , another muttered , Its late ; we might as well just do this tomorrow .
He wanted it done tonight , the other rogue muttered .
Yeah , but he made it clear that he wanted her to be awake and to know why she was being killed .
He wants it recorded so he could have it as evidence , he reminded his buddy .
And the other one ? Well call it a bonus , the rogue laughed .
Lets get some sleep and return here tomorrow .
They walked away again .
Once the door was shut , I opened my eyes and let out a shaky breath .
I looked down at Irene to see that she was still sleeping .
I counted the minutes until she woke and when I felt her hand twitching by my side , I let out another breath .
She was finally waking up ; I wont be alone in here and we can figure out what to do .
I pulled her head onto my lap while she woke .
It was a long process and a lot of soft groaning ; Im sure she probably felt hungover as well .
But eventually , her eyes fluttered open and met mine .noveldrama
Judy ? She asked in a soft whisper .
W … what happened ? I dont want you to freak out , I told her softly , but I knew my tone worried her .
She lifted her head and immediately yelped when she felt the burning of the silver around her wrists .
She glanced at her wrists and then back at me , her eyes large with alarm .
W … wh … she started to stammer , panic clear on her face .
I told you not to freak out , I reminded her .
She looked around , noticing that we were in a cage and tears filled her Whats going on ? She asked in a terrified whisper .
eyes .
Its going to be okay , Irene .
We are going to figure this out and get out of here , I assured her , but even I wasnt sure how we were going to manage that .
But think we were kidnapped … Her entire body trembled as she sat all the way up ; tears welling up in her eyes .
H … how ? She asked .
I dont understand .
Why  I dont have any of the answers , I told her , pressing my knees to my chest .
But they are waiting until morning .
For what ? She asked , her eyes large with fear .
I think they want to kill us … Third Person POV Chapter 0098 Ethan had told his subordinate that he wanted some goons to kidnap Judy and hold her hostage , maybe put a little fear in her .
His plan was to go there and resque Judy .
She would be so thankful that .
she would willingly agree to be his mistress , and he could finally get everything that he wanted .
But unbeknownst to Ethan , his subordinate had different plans .
He never liked Judy because she was a little miss perfect at school .
She always beat him when it came to grades , and she embarrassed him when he was paired with her in combat .
He took a liking to Carol and the two of them had a certain type of friendship where they bonded over their hatred for Judy .
They both wanted Judy gone and now he had a way to make that happen .
Ethan thinks that Judy is theoretically safe , but his subordinate has ordered rogues to kill her and make it look like an accident .
He also wanted it recorded so he could use it as evidence if it were brought up .
Plus , he knew Carol would love to see the footage for herself .
It was the perfect plan and a way to get rid of Judy without getting his hands dirty .
Ethan thinks that his subordinate asked packmates to do this job ; he has no idea that rogues were involved .
By the time Ethan finds out that the rogues kidnapped Judy and goes to rescue her tomorrow evening as planned , Judy will be dead , and the rogues will be blamed .
Meanwhile , Gavin was waiting for his daughter to return but what he didnt expect was for his guards and Leroy to return home without Irene .
Wheres my daughter ? Gavin asked , standing to his feet and glaring at his men .
They all looked at one another .
We assumed she took an Uber home or something , Leroy answered uneasily .
She asked the guards to stay out of the restaurant while she and Miss Judy ate .
They never came out .
>> What ?! Gavin growled , making them shake in their shoes .
We went in after a while to see where they were , and the hostess said that they left through the back door .
I think they were trying to run from us .
We assumed they took an Uber home , one of the guards stated shakily .
Did she not return ? Leroy asked , his brows knitted together .
Gavin was seeing nothing but red .
The sounds of his growl shook the entire villa and could be heard for miles .
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY DAUGHTER ?!
###Take 99
Chapter 0099 Judys POV Kill us  W … why would they want to kill us ? Irene stammered , panic clear in her eyes .
W …what did we do .
Okay , Irene .
I need you to listen to me , I said , sliding over to her , trying not to move the cuffs around my wrists too much because they stung badly .
You have to calm down .
If they find out we are awake , they might come back sooner than later and kill us right away .
Right now , we have the element of surprise on our hands .
They dont know we are awake .
I knew we were in the basement , but I wasnt sure if they could hear us .
I could hear their shoes creaking on the floorboards above us , and I silenced my voice even more , worried about our safety .
So , are we just supposed to sit here and pretend we are asleep ? She asked , tears welling in her eyes .
Until we can come up with a better plan , we need to do what we can to survive , I told her .
She wrapped her arms around her body , but immediately yelped when the cuffs moved around her wrists , burning her .
She let out a soft sob as tears ran down her pale cheeks .
My father will find us … she whispered .
Hes the most powerful werewolf in this entire world .
He has to find us … I wanted to believe that she was right , but my heart was in my stomach .
I didnt want to admit to Irene that I was terrified as well .
I had been training my entire life to be a gamma warrior and now that Im in immediate danger , its like all my training had been forgotten .
There was no window in this basement , so I had no idea what time it was .
As I scanned my surroundings , I noticed a vent on the ceiling .
I let my mind briefly wander and I wondered if I would be able to get into that vent .
But until I got these handcuffs off my wrists , the likelihood of getting into that vent was slim .
Irene slid her knees to her chest and buried her face in her lap as she took a shaky deep breath .
We are going to get out of here … she kept whispering to herself .
We have to get out of here … Third Person POV Ethans subordinate sent him a text message in the evening telling him that it was all set .
He smiled to himself , knowing he had the upper hand once again .
Judy had been kidnapped by harmless packmates and being stored somewhere , waiting for someone to save her .
They were probably using silver cuffs and wolfsbane to keep her weak , but otherwise , she should be safe .
Not that Judy knows she is safe ; she thinks shes in danger and thats all that matters to him the most .
He was going to let her sit in confinement for about 24 hours and then he would rescue her .
She would be so grateful to him for saving her , that she would do whatever he wants , including becoming his mistress .
The thought sent a jolt of excitement through him , and it went straight to his cock .
The image of Judy in that home he purchased just for her filled him with desires .
He grabbed his phone and brought Irenes Chapter 0099 name to his contact .
He needed to get off and the best way to do that was to meet up with his fiancé .
When she didnt answer , he frowned and called her again .
Still nothing .
What the fuck ? She always answered his calls .
He decided to send her a text instead .
Ethan : Where are you ? He waited for a few minutes for a response , but there was none .
His brows furrowed at his phone .noveldrama
He sighed and stood to his feet .
Well , if Irene wasnt going to answer him , then he would just have to go to the Landry Villa and find out where she was for himself .
He wasnt going to tolerate her ignoring him like this .
As he got outside of his home , he got into his car and started to drive in the direction of the Silver Crescent pack .
He reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone .
While he was driving , he decided to call the packmates who kidnapped Judy .
He knew from his subordinate that things were all set , but he wanted to hear it from them as well for further confirmation .
He brought up one of their contacts and pressed the call button .
###Take 100
Chapter 0100 Boss , one of the men said , What can I do for you ? Send me a picture of Judy , Ethan demanded .
Judy ? He asked .
Judy Montague ? Ethans brows furrowed , Yes , the one you kidnapped earlier , Ethan said , losing his patience .
I want a picture of her .
Not one hair better be hurt on her head , There was a long stretch of silence on the other end for a moment before the man cleared his throat and responded .
We dont have her , Sir .
What the hell do you mean you dont have her  Ethan asked through his teeth .
You were supposed to kidnap her in the city earlier .
Well , we were sent to a location via text message to meet up with Miss Judy , but when we got there , she never showed up , he explained , We didnt ask any questions ; we just left .
We honestly thought you changed your mind .
Youre telling me that Judy isnt with you  Ethan asked , panic rising in his chest .
We havent seen her , the man replied .
Ethan almost crushed the phone in his hands when he heard this information .
He quickly pulled the car over to the side of the road , throwing it in park .
Send me the location you went to meet her , he said , trying to take calming breaths .
Yes , sir , he heard on the other end .
He hung up the phone and waited with bated breath for his phone to go off .
He received the location and immediately knew where it was .
He quickly drove to that location , his heart practically in his throat .
If his trustworthy packmates didnt have Judy , then who the fuck did ? Where was she ? And why wasnt Irene answering her damn phone  He was shocked that she hadnt tried to call him back .
He reached the location in record time and quickly got out .
He could still smell Judys scent lingering nearby , but it was obvious she hadnt been here in a while .
His eyes narrowed when he noticed that some businesses had street cameras .
He was about to walk into one of the buildings , but he was shocked to find that Gavin and some of his men were walking out of the building with the owner behind them .
Ethan quickly moved out of the way so he wouldnt be seen and hid on the side of the building Beta Taylor , Ethan said to his Beta who waited by the car .
I need you to look up this license plate .
We managed to get footage of the kidnapping on the security camera of this business , The kidnappers looked like a bunch of rogues , but I couldnt be sure .
Kidnapping ? Was he talking about Judys kidnapping ? Why would Gavin be looking for Judy ? Ethans Chapter 0100 stomach clenched at the thought of it .
Judy was his to find and he wasnt going to let anyone , especially not Gavin Landry , take credit for rescuing her .
He told Beta Taylor the license plate and Ethan couldnt help but furrow his brows .
It sounded so familiar to him .
He grabbed his phone and scrolled through his note app on his phone ; where had he heard this plate number before ? Then something caught his attention .
A few years ago , there was a series of break ins that he singlehandedly stopped ; he jotted down the license plate from the rogues in charge of that break in via his notes app and managed to find some of them at an old , abandoned house in rogue territory .
Most of them escaped though , but he remembered that house and the car parked out front .
He let out a low growl at the thought of those rogues coming back and taking what was his .
He wasnt going to let that happen .noveldrama
Good news for him , he already knew where they were located .
But now , he just needed to get there and find Judy , saving her .
She would be so grateful ; she would willingly be his mistress .
But now he knew this wasnt going to be easy because these rogues wanted his blood .
Gavin looked as if he was ready to take off at any moment , but Ethan knew he had to be the one to get there first .
From what he remembered , it could take several hours , even in wolf form , to reach that part of rogue territory .
He needed to go now if he wanted to make it in time .
Judy , just hang tight , Ethan said in his mind as he shifted into his wolf .
Im comi
###Take 101
Chapter 0101 Chapter 0101 Judys POV The night passed slowly ; I wasnt able to make any progress on our escape .
Not that I thought we could escape , but I thought maybe I could find a weak point in the cage or have some kind of plan before the morning .
Without there being any windows , it was difficult to know for sure what time it was .
Irene leaned against me , and she ended up falling asleep from all the crying shed been doing .
But I wasnt able to bring myself to actually fall asleep .
I stayed awake the entire night , and when I heard the footsteps creaking on the floorboards above us , I made Irene lie down on the ground , while I lay beside her .
I was still hoping they wouldnt touch us if they thought we were asleep .
Whoever sent them after us wanted us to know why we were captured , and they wanted our reactions filmed .
I wasnt going to give them what they wanted closed my eyes and forced my heart to stop beating as quickly as it was .
I needed to calm myself down if I wanted to pull this off .
As time passed , I heard the footsteps getting closer , and soon the basement door was opening .
The scent of rogue filled my nose , and I started to grow nauseous from it .
I could hear their murmured voices as they descended the stairs and walked their way towards us .
Are they seriously still out ? One of them grunted .
How much of that stuff did you give them ? Enough to knock them out for a few hours .
They should have been awake by now .
Do you think they are faking ? Another one asked .
Go in there and find out .
My entire body went rigid at the sounds of that .
They were going to come into the cage and find out if we were lying about being passed out ? Irene was asleep right now and if she felt them near us , she might wake up .
I worried about what they were going to do .
I heard the cage door unlocking and then heavy footsteps made their way over to me .
I felt cold fingers on the nape of my neck , trying to find a pulse .
Shes alive , he said ; his voice was so close to my ear that I had to stifle a shudder .
Then I felt his fingers trailing down my neck and across my exposed shoulders .
His touch burned my flesh , and I hated the feeling of him this close to me .
Shes a looker , he said in a raspy tone like he was trying hard to keep himself together .
I could have at little fun with her before I kill her .
We could take turns , another one said from a distance .
I wanted to open my eyes , just so I could see how many rogues there were , but I wasnt about to expose myself just yet .
The rogue touching me snickered .
Check the other one , another rogue said .
I felt the rogue move from me and went to Irene ; I waited with a bated breath for him to finish Chapter 0101 examining whether or not she was alive , and then leave us alone .
At least for a little while until I can figure out how to get us out of here .
Maybe there was a way to contact Gavin … he had to know something was wrong by now .
We had been gone all night and surely , hed be worried about Irene , especially when we hadnt returned from our shopping spree .
I doubted hed care about me , but Irene was his daughter .
Hed have to come after her .
Shes a pretty one too , the rogue said , his voice sultry .
We got a couple of lookers over here .
It took everything I had not to wake up and fight him could fight him easily if I didnt have these damn cuffs around my wrists .noveldrama
Every time I moved , they hurt so fighting would prove to be difficult .
Then , to my horror , Irene stirred in her sleep .
I think shes awake , the rogue shouted to the others W … whats going on ? I heard Irene murmuring .
My heart sank at the sound of her voice .
Yeah , shes awake all right , he confirmed , eagerness clear in his tone .
Oh , this is going to be so much fun .
What ? No ! Get away from me !! Irene shrieked as she tried to scramble away .
I couldnt pretend to be asleep anymore , my eyes flew open , and I spotted 2 more rogues outside the cage , watching everything going down and a much larger one inside the cage trying to pin Irene to the ground .
She was a squirmer and she was screaming at the top of her lungs , rattling my brain .
Get away from her ! I screamed , trying to kick the man off her .
The other one is awake ! Another rogue said as he charged towards me .
He grabbed me and tried to keep me away from Irene and the rogue attacking her .
I heard the rogue slapping Irene across the face , and she screamed and cried out in pain as he continued to lay his filthy hands on her .
The cuffs burned into my flesh from each movement I made so I tried to fight with mainly my legs , but to no prevail .
###Take 102
Chapter 0102 Goddamit , shes fucking annoying , the rogue said , ferring to Irene .
I got to shut her up .
Give me that wolfsbane syringe .
Ill give her some more and make her pass out again .
She was cuter asleep .
No !! Irene screamed , tears streaming down her cheeks as she squirmed and tried to fight .
I whipped my head back quickly and got the rogue that was holding me right in the face .
He cussed loudly and I could smell the stench of blood running down his nose .
I smirked , satisfied that I was able to hurt him , but when he punched me in the stomach as retaliation , I vomited on the ground .
He stood over me in triumph as he tossed me aside like I was a bag of trash .
Judy ! Irene cried .
Another rogue tossed a syringe , and he jabbed it into the nape of Irenes neck .
As she continued to squirm and scream , I could see her resolve breaking and then she let out a breath and fell limp against the ground .
The rogue hovering over her smirked and stood to his feet before turning to look at me ; his eyes were dark and his lips turned upward in a smirk .
Why dont we just kill them and get it over with , the rogue that I head butted said ; he was still trying to stop the bleeding and he looked furious .
I felt my head aching and I knew I hurt myself during that fight , but I refused to get up and appease these assholes .
You heard the boss ; they decided to be here when we killed them , the rogue staring at me said .
They wont get here for another hour , so we have to keep them alive until then .
So , what do we do ? They are awake and this one seems feisty .
Screw you , I said through my teeth as I lifted my head to glare at him .
His hand movement was so fast , I barely saw it coming .
But I felt the sting of the punch as his fist made contact with my cheek .
I tasted blood pooling in my mouth almost immediately and I let my body fall back to the ground limply .
Shut the fuck up , he hissed at me .
Shes not as annoying as the other one , he murmured .
But shes tough .
Shes hot , another one said , his tone filled with lust .
I have a better idea .
Hold on a second .
He quickly left while the others continued to talk about my looks and how they wanted to have their way with me .noveldrama
I felt disgusted even being around them ; I spit blood out onto the ground and rolled over onto back .
I had to breathe through the pain ; with these cuffs wrapped around my wrist and the wolfsbane that they injected me with last night , my healing was much slower .
I hadnt even heard or felt my wolf the entire time wed been here , and I would be lying if I said I wasnt worried about her .
my The rogue returned moments later and held up another syringe ; my stomach twisted at the sight of it .
Oh , hell yeah , the rogue who punched me said as he grabbed the syringe .
What is that ? I asked , my tone coming out raspy and unfamiliar .
Get it away from me … Chapter 0102 I tried to wiggle away , but another rogue stepped on my stomach , pressing hard until I had no choice but to remain still or he might actually squish me to death He was cutting off my alr supply with the pressure of his foot and I gasped for him to stop .
A grin spread across his face as he lowered himself down to me , the syringe firmly in his hands .
Now be a good little slut and do what we say , he muured as he stuck the syringe into my neck I winced at the stinging pain , and I could feel whatever it was they had given me running through my veins .
At first , it was a burning sensation , but I knew it wasnt the wolfsbane they had given me because it would have hurt a lot worse , and I would have passed out from the effects like Irene had .
The burning sensation turned into a heat so great that could hardly even breathe .
Warmth spread throughout my body and across my lower abdomen and I was suddenly feeling a need buried deep inside of me , itching to come out .
My vision was blurry , and i saw three men surrounding me with grins on their faces .
I rubbed my legs together as this warmth between them grew more intense to the point where it started to grow incredibly painful .
I needed to be touched .
I needed this warmth and pain to go away .
I needed a release .
###Take 103
2/2 Chapter 0103 Third Person POV Even in wolf form , it took Ethan almost all night to reach the rogues hideout , which was mainly just a house in the middle of nowhere .
There were a couple of different rogue villages nearby , but the most dangerous rogues never lived amongst the others .
They preferred solitude so they could fulfill all their sick fantasies .
The thought of those greasy rogues touching what was his infuriated him .
He was planning on ripping out each of their throats and making them regret ever touching Judy Montague .
All thought of anything else went out of the window as he forfeited control to his wolf .
His wolf was still mated to Judy so he would be able to find her with ease .
Ethan knew somewhat of the location these rogues were staying in , but once he got close , everything started to look the same and he got a bit turned around .
His wolf on the other hand could pick up Judys scent with ease and was able to track her location to a T.
The house was a rundown shack in the darkest part of the forest where the fog never died .
There was a dirty swamp in the distance and the entire area reeked of rogue .
It made Ethan sick to his stomach , he swallowed the bile rising in his throat and reached the front of the house .noveldrama
but There were no rogues outside keeping guards , which was careless in his opinion , but he didnt complain .
He burst through the door and ran through the house , trying to pick up Judys scent .
He was able to pick it up quickly and ran through the basement door , running down the stairs .
Her scent was so potent , it nearly brought his wolf to his knees .
There was something else in her scent that caused Ethan to halt his tracks ; the scent was filled with desires and lust .
Holy shit .
Judy was in heat ! What the actual fuck was going on around here ? How could his mate be in heat around a bunch of unmated male rogues ? Fury rose inside of him when he heard the taunting of the rogues .
They were laughing and high fiving one another like they were a bunch of frat boys about to get laid .
That aphrodisiac worked fast , he heard one of them laughing .
I call dibs first .
Relax , we will all get a turn with her … Ethans cock .
He didnt want Judys breathy panting and her whispering for release went straight these men near her , and he was ready to tear them to pieces for even thinking about laying a finger on her .
Holy shit ! Theres a wolf ! A rogue shouted as he spotted Ethan at the stairwell .
Fuck , and hes an Alpha , another one hissed .
He quickly shifted into his nasty wolf and lunged at Ethan , but Ethan was too quick for him and was able to dodge with ease .
He countered the attack , grabbing the rogues throat with his canines and tearing through the soft flesh , ripping him apart .
Fuck , the rogue that was closest to Judy said .
1/2 hapter 0103 He took a protective stance in front of her , which only seemed to fuel Ethans wolf even more and he Junged towards him , only to be stopped by another rogue who side swiped him , knocking him off course .
The two wolves fought , growling and snapping at one another .
I mindlinked the others .
They will be here soon ! The rogue close to Judy warned .
He was still in wolf form and Ethan wanted to bite his legs to inake him submit , but the rogue fighting with him was quick , strong , and wouldnt let him .
Eventually , Ethan got the upper hand and was able to break his neck , killing him instantly .
He tossed him aside and lunged at the last rogue .
He finally shifted and he looked like he was about to fight Ethan , but to Ethans surprise , he jumped over him and raced up the stairs and out of the house .
Ethan chased him for a minute until he reached the top floor and then he smelled the scent of approaching rogues from a distance .
C
###Take 104
hapter 0104 Fuck ! They were coming and he wasnt sure how many of them there would be .
He needed to get Judy out of here fast ! He turned his direction back down the basement and quickly made his way to the cage where Judy wiggled on the ground ; her body flushed from her heat and her scent singing to Ethans wolf .
He shifted back into his human form before his wolf could do anything stupid .
He was completely naked , but nudity wasnt a big deal amongst shifters .
Just as he was about to pick Judy up , he heard someone moaning in pain .
His eyes lifted and to his surprise and horror , he saw Irene lying in the cage as well .
His arms fell and his heart dropped .
Irene ? He asked as he approached her .
He bent down to her and touched the side of her neck to find a pulse ; it was beating quickly and from the tell of her unconscious state , she was drugged with wolfsbane .
Shit shit shit ! He cursed as he looked between Irene and Judy .
He could only take one of them out of here for right now before those rogues get there .
He couldnt save them both despite the fact that he wanted to .
Irene was the one person he needed for his future and Judy was the one person he wanted in his bed .
After quick consideration , he made up his mind and he lifted Irene off the ground , cradling her against his chest as he quickly rushed out of the cage .
Ethan ….
He heard Judys breathy whisper from behind him .
He paused for a moment and turned to look at her .
Her eyes were half open and she was staring at him , breathing through her parted lips .
He wanted to kiss those lips and claim her as his all over again , but he had to get Irene out of there .
If he saved Irenes life , then Gavin would surely be grateful and make him the Alpha for sure .
Ill come back for you , he told Judy .
He turned and quickly rushed up the stairs .
He just needed to get Irene far from here and then he would come back for Judy .
Hopefully , by then , it wont be too late .
But he wouldnt be able to carry them both .
out of here and get them to safety without the rogues coming after them .
Especially when Judy was in heat and her scent was potent .
Theyd be able to find them easily and Ethan couldnt afford to risk Irenes life like that .
He burst through the door and was about to shift and run through the forest with Irene when a couple of cars pulled up .
Ethan froze entirely when the Silver Crescent Gamma warriors piled out of some of the cars and even more gammas rushed up in their wolf forms .noveldrama
An even larger wolf came rushing up amongst the Gammas ; his wolf towered over everyone and had such a domineering aura that Ethan knew right away who he was .
Alpha Gavin Landry .
Chapter 0104 Gavins POV Alpha , we found the house , one of my Gammas said through a mindlink .
We had been searching all night for this rogues house .
As soon as we figured out the region the license plate was from , we spent the entire night searching for this location .
hapter 0104 Fuck ! They were coming and he wasnt sure how many of them there would be .
He needed to get Judy out of here fast ! He turned his direction back down the basement and quickly made his way to the cage where Judy wiggled on the ground ; her body flushed from her heat and her scent singing to Ethans wolf .
He shifted back into his human form before his wolf could do anything stupid .
He was completely naked , but nudity wasnt a big deal amongst shifters .
Just as he was about to pick Judy up , he heard someone moaning in pain .
His eyes lifted and to his surprise and horror , he saw Irene lying in the cage as well .
His arms fell and his heart dropped .
Irene ? He asked as he approached her .
He bent down to her and touched the side of her neck to find a pulse ; it was beating quickly and from the tell of her unconscious state , she was drugged with wolfsbane .
Shit shit shit ! He cursed as he looked between Irene and Judy .
He could only take one of them out of here for right now before those rogues get there .
He couldnt save them both despite the fact that he wanted to .
Irene was the one person he needed for his future and Judy was the one person he wanted in his bed .
After quick consideration , he made up his mind and he lifted Irene off the ground , cradling her against his chest as he quickly rushed out of the cage .
Ethan ….
He heard Judys breathy whisper from behind him .
He paused for a moment and turned to look at her .
Her eyes were half open and she was staring at him , breathing through her parted lips .
He wanted to kiss those lips and claim her as his all over again , but he had to get Irene out of there .
If he saved Irenes life , then Gavin would surely be grateful and make him the Alpha for sure .
Ill come back for you , he told Judy .
He turned and quickly rushed up the stairs .
He just needed to get Irene far from here and then he would come back for Judy .
Hopefully , by then , it wont be too late .
But he wouldnt be able to carry them both .
out of here and get them to safety without the rogues coming after them .
Especially when Judy was in heat and her scent was potent .
Theyd be able to find them easily and Ethan couldnt afford to risk Irenes life like that .
He burst through the door and was about to shift and run through the forest with Irene when a couple of cars pulled up .
Ethan froze entirely when the Silver Crescent Gamma warriors piled out of some of the cars and even more gammas rushed up in their wolf forms .noveldrama
An even larger wolf came rushing up amongst the Gammas ; his wolf towered over everyone and had such a domineering aura that Ethan knew right away who he was .
Alpha Gavin Landry .
Chapter 0104 Gavins POV Alpha , we found the house , one of my Gammas said through a mindlink .
We had been searching all night for this rogues house .
As soon as we figured out the region the license plate was from , we spent the entire night searching for this location .
My Gammas all knew Irenes scent , so once it was picked up , they followed the trail and were able to find her house after 10 hours of searching .
A few of my Gatmas were in cars just in case we needed to transport anyone , but the rest of us , in our fur .
I raced through the forest until I reached where my Gammas were , and I spotted a rundown shack of a house .
Irenes scent was strong here and I knew they were right ; she had to be somewhere inside .
Or at least nearby .
Todays Bonus Offer
My Gammas all knew Irenes scent , so once it was picked up , they followed the trail and were able to find her house after 10 hours of searching .
A few of my Gatmas were in cars just in case we needed to transport anyone , but the rest of us , in our fur .
I raced through the forest until I reached where my Gammas were , and I spotted a rundown shack of a house .
Irenes scent was strong here and I knew they were right ; she had to be somewhere inside .
Or at least nearby .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 105
Chapter 0105 Just as I broke through the clearing and joined my Gamas and Beta , I froze entirely when I saw Ethan , naked as the day he was born , running out of the house with an unconscious Irene in his arms .
He froze when he saw us standing outside , glaring at him .
Im not sure what the hell was going on , but my wolf didnt like the scene in front of us and he let out a ferocious growl .
L … I found her , Ethan said , panting as he held up Irene .
She was drugged and needs medical attention .
I think she was beaten a little .
My eyes zeroed in on my daughter and saw bruises along her cheeks .
Through my powerful Lycan hearing , I could hear that she had a heartbeat , so she was alive thankfully .
But how the hell did Ethan manage to get here before the rest of us ? Did he already know she was here ? Was he behind this  I wouldnt let him pass ; my wolf was furious and kept growling at him .
Im sure my eyes alone left him feeling paralyzed .
Rogues are coming , Alpha , Beta Taylor said through a mindlink .
Sure enough , there were several rogues that broke through the clearing , and they all looked ready for a fight .
They were growling and snapping their canines but once they saw me , their confidence faded immediately , and they halted in their steps .
Not even a rogue would be stupid enough to go against a Lycan ; especially not a Lycan Chairmen .
Everybody knew who I was and if they dared challenge me , it would cost them their lives in an instant .
I let out a ferocious growl in m their direction , making them shiver in fear .
Without any attempt to fight , they all turned and ran as fast as they could away from us .
I I nodded at my men to go after them if they could .
Most of them dispersed and went after the rogues , remained with Beta Taylor and a couple of other Gammas , each of us glaring at Ethan , waiting for him to explain before I ripped his throat out .
It was Beta Taylor that shifted first .
How did you get here , Ethan ? Taylor asked , his eyes narrowed .
I was worried when she didnt answer my calls .
I overheard you saying where she was and I went after her , Ethan explained .
I only got here a few minutes ago and she was being attacked by rogues .
She was drugged with wolfbane .
Where are the rogues that attacked her ? Taylor asked .
Dead , Ethan answered without hesitation , Well , one of them escaped .
vou let him escape  I needed to get Irene out , Ethan said quickly .
I knew more rogues were coming .
I was trying to get her to safety .
Taylor stepped back and glanced over his shoulder at me , trying to assess if he was telling the truth .
ing him for a bit longer and looking at my daughter in his arms , I relented and shifted into Chapter 0105 my human form .
Get her out of here , I said .
Take one of the cars .
My gammas will take you to the pack hospital .noveldrama
Yes , Alpha , Ethan said as he rushed towards one of the waiting cars .
Another scent caught my attention , and my mouth began to water from it .
My wolf was immediately on high alert and a low growl escaped my throat before I could stop it .
Is there anyone else here ? I asked before Ethan could disappear into the car .
He froze and then cursed under his breath .
Yes , he answered .
Judy .
###Take 106
hapter 0106 Gavins POV My body worked faster than my mind ; it was as if it knew exactly where Judy was .
I burst through the house and ran as fast as I could into the basement , following her scent .noveldrama
It was potent and when I reached the bottom of the basement , it was clear why it was so strong and why my wolf was going wild for her .
It was because of her scent .
She was in heat .
She was lying on the ground in the cage , whimpering and rolling around in pain .
Her clothes were torn , but she was still relatively covered so I knew they hadnt done anything to her yet .
Her cheeks were flushed , and her eyes were closed .
She was rubbing he legs together , panting , and biting her bottom lip .
Her lips were swollen and pink and the sounds of her breathy moans went straight to my cock .
My wolf was itching to have a taste of her , and it took everything I had to hold him back .
1 If other unmated males were to get a whiff of her , I dont think theyd be as strong .
I walked into the cage and when her eyes fluttered open , I saw the lust and desires in them .
Her cheeks lit up pink as she stared at me ; I wasnt sure if she knew who was standing before her .
All she knew was was a male and I could satisfy her .
Those who have aphrodisiacs in their system dont care where they get their relief .
Please … she whispered hoarsely , trying to reach out for me .
I need you … She was still rubbing her legs together and I caught sight of the moisture between her inner thighs , making my wolf howl in my head .
Her desires were pooling between her legs , and she reached up to her shirt , ripping it even more than it was already ripped , exposing her erect and pink nipples .
A low growl emerged from my throat .
Its so hot … she whispered .
Please … I took a steady deep breath and sent a mindlink to Taylor .
I need you to get the car ready and send all unmated Gammas away this instant , I ordered .
Whats going on ? Taylor asked .
My eyes remained glued to Judy as I answered , Shes in heat .
Shit .
Yeah , I murmured .
Taylor was thankfully mated , so I didnt have to worry about him .
There were a couple of Gammas that were with us that were also mated .
But the unmated males would turn into straight up animals if they caught wind of an unmated , she wolf in heat .
I needed to make sure they were at a respectable distance before I brought Judy to the surface and got her the hell out of there .
They are leaving now , Taylor said .
The mated Gammas stayed behind to assess the area .
The ones who chased off the rogues are returning to the pack .
Chapter 0106 Okay , we are coming up , I told him before ending the link and returning my attention to Judy who was grabbing at my ankle .
I was completely naked because ran here in my wolf form ; Its not like nudity was a big deal amongst shifters , but my arousal was evident , and I hated that she could see it so easily .
Her eyes were glazed over as she stared at my erect cock and her tongue darted out , licking her lips like it was the tastiest thing she had ever seen .
Touching her was going to be torture , but I had to get her to safety .
Come on , I told her , bending to wrap my arms around her .
Her soft skin was hot to the touch , and it filled me with a warmth I couldnt remember ever feeling before .
She wrapped her arms around my neck and nuzzled her breasts against my large chest, a soft and breathy moan escaping her lips .
I want you … she whispered against my ear , sending a wave of warmth throughout my body .
Take me You have been drugged , I told her , trying to keep my composure .
I wont take advantage of you , Judy .
Please … she whimpered , rubbing her body against mine , her desires growing more potent .
I could feel the moisture from between her legs on my arm as I cradled her bridle style , and it was torment for both me and my wolf .
He was itching to break free and take her right here and right now , but I held him back with all my strength .
Gavin … The sound of my name on her lips made my heart skip a beat .
So , she knew who it was that was holding her ? Im not sure why that made me so happy .
It shouldnt have .
She was my sons tutor and nothing more , but still , a small smile tugged at the corner of my lips as I held her tighter and even closer to my body .
She nuzzled her face against the nape of my neck , inhaling my scent deeply .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 107
Chapter 0107 Chapter 0107 I couldnt help but inhale hers as well ; she smelled so sweet like vanilla and lavender and the lust that consumed her made it even stronger , giving it an even spleier aroma , I brought her up the stairs , glad to see that the rogues hadnt returned .
I walked outside to find a car waiting out front with Beta Taylor leaning against the side of it .
He straightened his posture when he saw me walk outside and when his eyes narrowed at July and he took in his scent , his face paled .
Damn , you werent joking , he murmured .
Just open the back door , I muttered as I walked toward the car .
Taylor opened the back door for us to get in .
I first positioned Judy in the seat and then got in beside her , tucking her into my side .
She wrapped her arms around my form and puzzled her face against the side of my body , heat still pouring off her in waves .
Should we go to the hospital ? Taylor asked as he started the car and drove away from the rogue hideout .
No , take me to my Villa , I answered .
Taylor glanced at me through the rearview mirror , a question on his lips .
Are you sure about that ? He asked .
I let out a low and threatening growl and he nodded , not saying anything more .
It took a long while , but we eventually made it back to my villa .
Judy had fallen asleep in my arms , and I refused to let her go .
I thanked Taylor before scooping Judy into my arms and bringing her inside the villa .
I said nothing to any of the maids , or Adam who was staring after us with a dumbfounded expression .
I could see his eyes glowing as his wolf caught the wind of the unmated , she wolf in heat and I gave him a warning growl as I walked by .
He submitted immediately ; not even a mating male in the presence of an unmated she wolf in heat could withstand the force of a Lycan wolf .
I brought Judy upstairs and into my suite ; she had woken up since we arrived home , and she was back to whimpering and rubbing herself against my body .
Its so hot … she whispered .
Please … I felt her lips trailing against the nape of my neck and let out a shuddering breath as I fought to keep myself under control .
I brought her into the bathroom and sat her down on the counter .
I turned on the cold water in the bathtub She was seated on the counter with her eyes closed and her breasts on display .
Her entire body was flushed from head to toe and her nipples were hard and just begging for me to touch them .noveldrama
A low growl came from my wolf before I could stop him .
Judy opened her eyes slightly and a small smile tipped the corner of her lips .
Gavin … she whispered , grabbing a hold of my arm and pulling me towards her .
I was losing my restraint , and I wasnt sure how much longer Id be able to resist her .
Chapter 0107 You were drugged , I told her , running my fingers down the nape of her neck and holding onto her shoulders gently .
I wont take advantage of you … Please … she whispered , biting her lower lip and drawing my attention to her swollen pink lips that were slightly parted , inviting me to kiss her .
I need you … She nipped at my lip with her teeth and my resolve completely shattered .
I smashed my mouth against hers , taking what I was desperate for .
My longue slid between her lips , and I explored her mouth with a hunger and lust I had never felt before .
The wolf in me was practically feral with need ; It almost felt like I was the one in heat .
My body pressed into hers and she fit against mine so perfectly .
A small moan escaped her lips as she deepened the kiss , wanting to be even closer to me .
I lifted her into my arms and her legs instinctively wrapped around my broad waist , rubbing her core against my body .
She wore shorts , but I could still feel her desires against my skin , running down her inner thighs .
I sucked her bottom lip into my mouth , nibbling and making them swell even more .
I needed her ….
I need her right here and right now .
I ran my lips down the nape of her neck , nibbling , sucking , marking every inch of her .
She panted and moaned out my name as I lowered her down , my lips finding hers again .
Then , as the cold water soaked her burning flesh , she yelped .
###Take 108
Chapter 0108 Judys POV Cold ! my Being plunged into a tub of cold water brought my senses back completely .
My heart was racing , and entire body was now numb .
I wrapped my arms around my body as cold water surrounded me .
I looked around , confused as to where I was and what had happened .
My memories of earlier were all foggy , but I remembered being kidnapped and trapped in a cage with Irene .
Irene ? Where was she ? As I looked around the unfamiliar bathroom , I realized I was almost completely naked besides the torn tank top and the shorts I was wearing .
I felt a warm set of hands on my back and then the most delicious scent I had ever smelled in my life filled my nose .
When I looked up , I sucked in a sharp breath when I saw Gavin seated beside the tub .
He was rubbing his fingers up my spine sending warmth throughout my otherwise frigid body .
The memories from a few moments ago started to slowly seep back into my brain and my face flushed with absolute mortification .
I threw myself at him ! I reached my fingers up to touch my swollen lips , remembering his prosing kisses and my eyes welled up with tears .
What the hell just happened ? Why had 1 done that ? Why did I feel so uncomfortably hot and need him to touch me so badly ? I barely even registered that it was him that I was with it could have been anybody , and I just blindly threw myself at him ! Hey , he said softly , running his fingers across my shoulders .
Calm down .
Its okay … It was like he could read my thoughts and knew I was internally freaking out .
How did we get here ? I asked .
I brought you here .
But I was in a basement with rogues … I told him .
And Irene … Shes safe at the hospital with Ethan .
Another memory came to my mind , Ethan .
He was there .
He walked in and fought rogues while I was suffering from the most excruciating heat I had ever gone through .noveldrama
The moment he saw Irene , it was like I was invisible .
He chose to save her and left me there to suffer .
He left me , I whispered , staring at the tub of cold water .
That asshole left me ! He didnt reply to that , he ran his fingers along my back , washing it with the cold water .
Im still wearing clothes , I complained , tugging at my tank top .
Despite the cold water , I was starting Chapter 0109 to feel a little warm again .
At this point , I didnt think mattered if Gavin saw me naked because I already made a complete fool out of myself .
I was also bever one to shy away from nakedness ; we were shifters after all .
I ripped off the rest of my tank top , placing it on the side of the tub .
I then shimmied out of my shorts and undies , also placing them on the side of the tub .
He discarded them and grabbed one of his shirts from his room while I finished bathing By the time he returned , I was finished .
I was already standing up from the tub .
I nearly slipped as I climbed out , but Gavin was there and wrapped his strong arms around my body, holding me close to his chest .
He was still very naked , and my eyes couldnt help but wander to his south region .
He was so big .
My mouth was watering at the sight , and I swallowed the lump wedged in my throat .
He lifted me out of the tub and placed me on the ground , he didnt let go until he knew for certain I wasnt going to fall .
His touch alone sent shockwaves throughout my body and when he released me to grab a towel , I suddenly felt cold and exposed .
He wrapped the towel around my shoulders and covered my body .
I couldnt seem to stop looking at him though .
He was so good looking that it was almost painful .
The heat was gone , but the lust seemed to still remain , festering in my very soul and begging to be let out .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 109
Chapter 0109 Chapter 0109 Keep looking at me like that and I dont think Ill be able to keep myself under control , he told me , his voice dropping to a low and sultry tone .
Then lose control , I said quickly before I could even think about what I was saying .
I closed the gap between us and pressed my lips firmly against him .
At first , he stood shocked , and I thought for sure he was going to push me away from him and reject ine .
I was surprised when I felt his body relaxing and he pulled me closer to him by my waist .
He lifted me in the air , and I wrapped my legs around his body , letting the towel fall to the ground in the process .
I swiped my tongue across his lips , begging for entrance and when he parted his lips for me , my heart melted a little .
He wanted this just as badly as I did .
He carried me into the bedroom , and I was engulfed with his scent everywhere .
How had I not noticed this earlier ? He nibbled my bottom lip as he brought me over to his massive king sized bed and laid me down .
His lips trailed down the nape of my neck and I moaned as he sucked the soft flesh into his mouth and sucked on it .
A shiver ran through my body at the sensation , and I let out a breathy moan ..
He ran his lips down my chest until he reached my breasts .
His tongue twirled around the swollen buds , and I gasped at the feeling as he used his teeth and tongue to tug and tease me .
I ran my fingers through his hair , massaging his scalp gently .
He let out a low growl as he released my nipple with a pop and brought his lips back to mine , giving me bruising kisses , leaving me red and swollen .
I need to taste you , he said against my lips , kissing and sucking on my puckered bottom lips .
Yes … I breathed out , unable to form proper sentences .
He kissed my body again , stopping at my breasts so he could play and tease them with his mouth before he moved down my torso .
I felt warmth spreading across my body , but it wasnt as painful as it was when I was drugged .
This kind of warmth I welcomed this kind of warmth came from Gavins nearness and his touches .
He kissed my inner thighs , and I felt his hot breath against my core ; desires pooled between my legs .
Otherwise , I would have been self conscious and embarrassed , no man had ever been this close to my woman parts like this .
The only thing Ethan and I had ever done was kiss .
I was so adamant about waiting until we were officially mated before I gave myself to him , and yet , here I was , willingly giving Gavin a part of myself that I could never get back .
But all rational thoughts had left my mind and all I could think about was satisfying this burning need deep inside of me .
A need so great that I knew only one person could help me and that person was inches away from my most sensitive spot .
Once his tongue found my core , I gasped and yelled out his name , my legs going numb with pleasure .
He let out a satisfied moan as he finally got to taste me .
My eyes rolled to the back of my head , and I bucked my hips , trying to get that sweet release , using everything I could to my advantage .
His tongue teased my little nub , and he sucked it into his mouth , making me scream into the pillow near my head .noveldrama
I felt my climax approaching and I panted out his name as I came undone .
He gave my clit at final kiss before he kissed up my body and reached my lips .
I had self made orgasms before , but nothing compared to that .
That was mind boggling .
###Take 110
Im on birth control , I panted .
His eyes darkened and a low growl escaped his mouth Why ? I was surprised by his reaction , but I was so turned on that I didnt think twice about it .
My periods get really bad , so my doctor put me on birth control to stabilize it .
He seemed to have relaxed as he kissed me again .
His kiss was deep , and I moaned when I tasted myself on his lips .
Despite having the best orgasm of my life , I was far from done .
I needed to feel this man inside of me .
As if he could read my thoughts , he positioned himself between my legs ; his kiss went from nursing to gentle as he whispered , Are you sure ? I nodded without hesitation and deepened the kiss .
He started off slowly as he pushed himself into me , stopping once he reached the barrier ; I knew once he broke through that barrier , there would be no turning back .
I would no longer be a virgin , and Gavin would have taken something that I once held so dear to my heart .
He nibbled on my ear , his breath and moans of pleasure and satisfaction sending excitement throughout my body .
He pushed in further , finally breaking through the barrier and I hissed in pain .
He was so big , and I didnt think he would be able to fit fully inside of me .
He stopped his movements when he heard the small whimper that escaped my lips , and he looked down at my sweat soaked and flushed features .
Are you okay ? He asked , concern evident in his tone I nodded .
I just need a minute … I whispered .
Take all the time you need , he replied as he started to pepper kisses along my jawline .
After a moment of getting used to him , I finally nodded .
Okay , keep going , I told him , my voice barely a whisper .noveldrama
He pushed even further inside of me ; my core stretching to fit his massive manhood .
He pulled out of me suddenly and the lack of contact made me whimper in despair but then he pushed back into me with so much force that I yelped in surprise .
The pain only lasted a moment though because soon , all I could feel was pleasure and my body immediately responded to his .
He pushed all the way inside of me and passionately kissed my lips , his tongue tasting every inch of my mouth and twirling around with my tongue in a beautiful yet sloppy rhythm .
I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist as he pumped deep inside of me .
1/2 Chapter 0110 I I was so full of him that my mind was clouded .
I had never felt so complete in my entire life , and I wondered to myself if he was feeling the same way .
I felt my core clenching around him , and I knew it wouldnt be long before I orgasmed again , but I wanted him to join me over the edge , so I held out for as long as possible .
He quickened his pace , and 1 felt his cock twitching and swelling inside of me ; I knew he was close .
He reached between our joined bodies and started to stroke my clit tenderly , sending the shockwaves of pleasure .
Cum for me baby , he said , his tone sultry and making my heart skip a beat .
That was enough for my undoing , and I exploded around him , screaming out his name as I came undone .
With a few more thrusts , he joined me , connecting our bodies and kissing me deeply as he released his seed into my core , giving me the best experience of my life .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 111
Chapter 0111 Chapter 0111 Judys POV The shower was running when I woke up the next morning .
I was still naked in Gavins bed .
I was so tired last night that I fell asleep without a second thought , and I didnt wake up until the next morning .
It was the best sleep I had ever had , which was followed by the best orgasms I had ever had .
I never had an experience like I had last night , and I was on high alert .
My body was still thrumming from the intense wave of pleasure I felt .
I wondered if Gavin had fallen asleep beside me last night or if he had gone to bed elsewhere .
When I looked at his side of the bed , the imprint of his body was still there and it was slightly warm .
A smile tugged at the corner of my lips .
I shouldnt be feeling this way , not towards Gavin Landry .
He was my boss for crying out loud and he was about to be my ex mates father in law .
It was wrong on all levels to have any type of feelings for him , but I couldnt bring myself to regret what had happened last night .
I knew deep in my soul that it couldnt happen again though .
It would only cause things to become messy , and I couldnt have messy right now .
Not while my life was in shambles .
My father was still in prison , my ex mate was pretty much harassing and blackmailing me , and his fiancé wanted to be my friend .
Now I went and had sex with his fiancés father .
This was as messy as I could get .
I slipped out of bed quickly .
I didnt have any clothes .
My tank top was ripped , and my shorts were pretty much ruined from the bath last night .
My cheeks flushed at the memory , and I quickly shook my head to wipe it away .
The shower turned off and I stood frozen .
I grabbed the blanket off the bed and wrapped it around my body , shielding my nakedness .
Not that it mattered ; we were shifters and everybody at one point saw one another naked .
Not to mention Gavin seeing me very naked last night .
But I wasnt ready for him to see me like this in broad daylight , the morning after our night of passion .
A moment later , the bathroom door opened , and Gavin walked out , surrounded by a cloud of steam .
My mouth instinctively dropped open when I got a look at his incredible form .
He had a towel wrapped around his torso , covering his manhood , but I could still see the outline of his erection clearly .
How was he still so hard after last night ? Or maybe he wasnt hard and that was his actual length ? I couldnt tell .
My eyes wandered upward for a moment , and I saw beads of water dripping down his 8 pack and disappearing beneath the towel .
His breathing was heavy when I landed on his broad chest , and I wanted to run my fingers through the soft patch of hair that glistened with shower water .
I wanted to run my tongue up his body and lick him like a lollypop He cleared his throat loudly , which snapped me back to the present moment and I realized he had completely caught me checking him out .
My cheeks flamed with heat as I met his eyes .
I could see the humor in them as he raised his right brow and smirked at me .
Are you done ? He asked .
Or do you want another round ? Chapter 0111 I was taken aback by his words , and I wasnt sure how to reply .
This man had the audacity to tease me like that ? Couldnt he see how embarrassed I was ? He took my virginity … I let him take my virginity ….
Realization dawned on me that I was never going to be able to give my virality away to someone I was marrying .
I gave that away already and I could never get that back .
A heavy sense of dread fell on me , and it took everything I had not to fall onto the bed in shame with how heavy my legs became .
It felt like my legs had become lead .
Last night was a mistake , I finally managed to whisper , more to myself than to him .
However , with his powerful Lycan hearing , he was able to hear me clearly .
He narrowed his eyes at me and for a moment , I thought I saw hurt flash in them .
But it was gone before I could even blink .noveldrama
I asked you if you were sure .
And I was at the time , I blurted , not wanting him to get the wrong idea .
Im not blaming you .
I just realized that this cant happen again .
You are my boss and my exs future father in law … His jaw clenched when I mentioned him being Ethans future father in law .
I wasnt sure if it was the mention of Ethan in general or the fact that he was about to marry Irene .
I couldnt tell and I wasnt about to ask .
We should pretend this never happened and keep our relationship professional going forward , I concluded , raising my gaze to meet his .
He was staring at me for a beat longer before he cleared his throat and nodded .
His face turned indifferent , maybe even a little cold .
I wished I knew what he was thinking at that moment , but he completely closed himself off from me .
Okay , he finally said after a beat of silence .
But you shouldnt leave like that .
He turned and rummaged through his drawer , pulling out a long T shirt .
Well , it was normal sized for him , long for me .
He tossed it at me before grabbing his own clothes and walking back to the bathroom .
###Take 112
Chapter 0112 Without uttering a single word or turning back to look at me , the door slammed shut , leaving me alone with my thoughts .
Gavins POV I couldnt concentrate on my work today .
All I could think about was Judy and the way she moaned my name last night .
My cock was impossible to keep under control for most of the day ; I had to stay seated at my desk so no one would see the ridiculous hard on Ive had since waking up this morning .
When Judy told me she wanted to keep our relationship professional , I knew she was right .
We shouldnt continue this thing between us , but at the same time , the thought of never touching her again didnt sit right with me or my wolf .
Hes been whining and pestering me all day to return home and have my way with her again .
But I shut him down every time .
When I left the bathroom this morning , Judy was already gone , and I was kind of relieved about that .
I wasnt sure Id be able to control myself if she were still in my room .
Her scent still lingered on my bed though and I knew it would still be there when I returned home this evening .
Im almost tempted to sleep in a different room until the scent is completely gone .
Beta Taylor asked me numerous times what had happened last night after he dropped us off ; I could tell from the grin he was sporting that he already knew , but he was just being an ass .
I brushed him off every time he asked though because what happened last night wasnt anyone elses business .
Youre distracted , Taylor said , bringing me out of my thoughts .
It wouldnt have anything to do with unmated she wolf , would it ? Maybe one that trains your son ? I growled at him , making him stop talking immediately .
He might be my longest friend , but even he knew better than to fuck with me .
He swallowed and turned away .
Enough said , he murmured .
As the sun started to set , I decided to just leave for the day and return to the Villa .
I dont think Ive ever spent this much time at home before , but now I am almost eager to get home .
I glanced at the clock , Judy would be finishing up her tutoring session in about an hour .
I wasnt sure why that mattered , but for whatever reason it did , and I was in a rush to get there before she left .
I said goodbye to Taylor and some of the other packhouse staff before I made my hasty retreat .
My driver , Leroy , was waiting out front for me and was ready to take me home .
The moment the car pulled up to the villa and I got the door open , her scent engulfed me .
It was stronger than usual ; its been strong since last night and Im not sure if its because we had sex , or what … but I couldnt shake the amazing aroma from my nose ..
When I got inside , I saw that she was talking to Matthew by the front entrance .
Irene was walking down the steps with Walter trailing behind her .
Walter .
Chapter 0112 How had I forgotten about Walter ? Judys eyes grew wide when she noticed Walter and I wondered if she had forgotten about him too .
He didnt seem to notice her strange reaction though and rushed over to her to hug her .
I had to stifle a growl , which Im not sure where it came from .
I stepped away from them to get my shit together .
He said something to her that I didnt catch , and she chuckled in response .
Ill see you guys tomorrow , she said , waving at Irene and Matt as she turned to leave .
Her eyes found mine and for a moment , we held one anothers gazes like we were the only two in the room .noveldrama
Her lips parted like she wanted to say something , and a slow blooming blush crept along her nose and cheeks .
Then she closed her lips and gave me a curt nod before hastily leaving the Villa .
Dinner will be ready soon , one of the maids announced from the kitchen entrance .
Oh , g , good .
Im starving , Irene said .
She and Matt started for the kitchen , but Walter stayed behind for a moment .
I wasnt going to say anything to him because I feared Id rip his head off if did , but as I started to move past him , he grabbed my arm to stop me .
Uncle Gavin , I heard about what happened last night , he told me , making me completely freeze .
He knew I had sex with Judy ? Did he hear us ? Or maybe Judy told him ? The best thing I could do right now is deny it .
Im not sure what youre talking about- You saved Judys life , he finished , stopping my words .
Let out a breath of relief , he was talking about how I found and saved Judy .
Not the other thing .
It was nothing .
I murmured , not wanting to discuss this with him any further .
It was everything , Uncle .
Im not sure what Id do if I lost her .
Thank you … I didnt do it for you , I snapped , baring my teeth without meaning to .
He released my arm out of instinct and took a steady step back .
No , I know that , he assured me .
Im just relieved you were there .
I really like her , and I think Im going to ask her to be my girlfriend .
Do you think shed say yes ? Todays Bonus Offer GET IT NOW Chapter 0113
###Take 113
Chapter 0113 Gavins POV There was a hopeful boyish quality about my nephew and the thought of poking that bubble with a needle didnt sit right with me .
But I also didnt want to get his hopes up .
It shouldnt matter to me if Judy decided to be his girlfriend .
She was her own woman , and she could do whatever she wanted .
It was clear to me that she didnt want me in that kind of way , she only wanted to keep our relationship professional , which was probably for the best .
年 But the thought of her being touched by another man eft me feeling nothing but resentment and anger .
I had to brush that thought out of my head though ; it was my business .
She made her choice and now I had to make mine .
I cant answer for her , I finally settled on .
Youll have to ask her for yourself .
I turned on that note and walked into the kitchen without saying another word .
Irene and Matt were already seated at the dining table and Walter walked in moments after I did .
I sat at the head of the table and Walter took a seat beside Irene .
Im so glad you can join us for dinner , Dad .
I didnt think youd be here , Irene said with a fond smile Im surprised you arent with Ethan , I replied , putting my cloth napkin on my lap .
She shrugged and glanced at her phone which was beside her on the table .
Hes been busy today , she said softly .
After I got back from the hospital earlier , he had to catch up on , some work .
He spent the entire night with me .
He was such a gentleman .
I looked around her face and saw that the bruise was almost completely gone , and she was looking a lot better .
I was relieved to see that ; when I saw her at the hospital this morning after I left the Villa , she was exhausted and still so scared .
Spending time with Ethan must have helped her mentally recover .
He was so noble last night , Daddy .
I wished I could have remembered him fighting those rogues , but I passed out .
I couldnt believe he came to save me … he must really love me , Irene continued to gush .
I cant believe I ever doubted him .
You doubted him ? Walter asked , raising his brows .
Only for a minute , she admitted .
I thought he might have feelings for someone else .
But I think I was just paranoid .
Who would he have feelings for ? Walter asked .
Who could possibly be better than you , Rena ? Irene blushed and glanced at her empty plate .
Its not important , she murmured .
It was clear she didnt want to say ; I already knew who she was thinking of .
Before anyone could say anything else , the maids were bringing in the food .
It all looks so good ! Irene gushed .
I cant wait to eat , Walter chimed in .noveldrama
+26 BONUS Chapter 0113 Did in , I said as the food was finished being served ) I waited until they were able to get their filling of food before I began to eat as well .
Did you hear about the masquerade gala this weekend ? Irene asked , glancing at me .
Everybody who is anybody will be there .
I nodded .
I have invitations for you and Ethan , I told her .
She squealed happily and clapped her hands .
Is it possible for me to get a couple of tickets as well ? Walter asked , glancing at me before taking another bite of food .
I would like to ask Judy to accompany me to the gala .
Thats a wonderful idea ! Irene said excitedly.
I can take her shopping and make a girls day out of it .
She froze when I glared at her and she gave me a sheepish smile .
And this time we wont wander off without guards .
youll take extra guards and Beta Taylor , I told her , not leaving any room for arguments .
She nodded and glanced at her plate .
Yes , father .
Walter cleared his throat , bringing my attention back to him .
I didnt want to give him a gateway to take Judy out , but if I refused him , I would have to explain why , and I wasnt prepared to come up with such an excuse right now .
So , can I get a couple tickets ? He asked again .
I nodded .
Yeah , I murmured .
Ill see what I can do .
Thanks , Uncle , he said as he started on his food again .
This is going to be so fun < Irene babbled .
She continued to mindlessly talk while we ate our meal .
My eyes wandered over to Walter briefly and lingered there for a bit longer than they should have .
He had a smile on his lips , and I knew exactly who he was thinking of because I was thinking of the same woman .
Judys POV Two words .
Masquerade Gala ! Nan said , shoving a flyer in my face and squealing excitedly .
I was perched against the tree in the campus quad , studying a textbook , when Nan came out of nowhere .
###Take 114
Chapter 0114 I grabbed the flyer and frowned at it .
Of course , Ive heard of this Gala .
They have it every few years and its the most popular event that includes all the big packs in the area .
Only the rich and famous attend these Galas .
The most famous will fly in for an event like this .
But you have to be invited in order to get through the doors .
Only anybody who is anybody will be there , Nan continued as she gazed lovingly at the flyer .
And since when are we anybody ? I asked her , raising my eyebrows .
Not we .
You .
I sighed .
Since when am I anybody ? I rephrased .
Um , since you started dating the worlds second sexiest badass bachelors , she told me , sitting beside me .
I rolled my eyes at her words .
Now thats a mouthful , I teased .noveldrama
But seriously , Nan .
I only went on a couple of dates with Walter .
I wouldnt exactly say we are serious .
At least not serious enough for him to take me to this thing You literally kissed , she reminded me , nudging me with her shoulder .
Yeah , we kissed .
But it wasnt mind blowing and left me on weak knees like my kiss with Gavin .
I couldnt tell Nan that I kissed Gavin though and I certainly couldnt tell her about last night .
I bit my lower lip , hoping she didnt notice the sudden blush in my cheeks .
You are literally blushing thinking about it , she chuckled .
You cant tell me you dont like him .
I shrugged casually .
Hes okay , I guess , I murmured .
would Just okay ? Dont be ridiculous .
Hes gorgeous and any kill to be going on dates and kissing him , she told me .
Hes going to invite you to this thing .
You have to say yes , Judy .
If he invites me then I will , I tell her .
But until then , Im not going to wait for him or get my hopes up .
She sighed and leaned against the tree as she continued to gaze at the flyer .
I wish I could be so lucky , she breathed .
As I packed up my books , shoving them into my backpack , I stood to my feet and shouldered my bag , Well , Ill send you pictures , I said sarcastically .
You better , she replied .
I laughed and shook my head .
It was ridiculous to think he would invite me to this thing and even if he did , Im not really sure if he would go .
I wasnt going to tell her that though ; I didnt need to give her Chapter 0114 another reason to hound me about something .
We said our goodbyes and I started to walk toward the front of the campus .
I doubted Gavin would pick me up for my tutoring session this afternoon , so I was about to call an Uber .
However , as soon as stepped out front , a familiar luxury car pulled up in front of me and I fraze entirely .
The window rolled down and I saw a smiling Irene in the drivers seat .
Another car pulled up behind her and I knew that they were Gammas warriors .
in , bitch .
We are going shopping ! She teased .
I raised my brows .
Didnt we just go shopping ? I asked as I opened the passenger side door .
She nodded .
Yeah , but this is different , she told me .
I sat in the passenger seat and shut the door behind me .
The car sped away from the school before I could even get my seatbelt on .
I see the Gammas are trailing us , I said , glancing at her .
Are you okay with that this time ? She has no choice .
I screamed at the sound of a male voice in the backseat , and I whipped around to see Beta Taylor seated behind me .
The head gamma , I believe his name was Derek Richards , was seated beside him .
They both looked started at the sound of my scream .
Once my heart rate went down and I was finally able to breathe , they also relaxed .
Didnt mean to scare you , Taylor said , giving me a sheepish grin .
Probably should have warned you that we were here Derek agreed .
I looked at Irene who had a grin on her face .
Definitely not taking any chances this time , she confirmed with a light chuckle .
I nodded and I couldnt help but laugh with her as I relaxed back in my seat .
So , what are we shopping for this time ? I asked her .
She grinned widely and my stomach tightened ; I was nervous about what she was about to say .
We are dressing for the Gala ! She finally announced its this weekend and you are going as Walters date ! Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 115
Chapter 0115 Chapter 0115 Judys POV He didnt invite me to the Gala , Irene , I told her , my brows furrowed .
She grinned even wider .
Oh , but he will , she told me .
Trust me .
He just asked my father for an invitation for you .
My chest tightened at her words .
He asked Gavin ? I asked , but then remembering who was present , I cleared my throat and tried again .
He asked your father ? She nodded .
Yeah , and hes getting you both a ticket , she confirmed .
Well be going together as a double date .
You and Walter , me and Ethan .
Ethan .
Of course , I would be stuck being around Ethan for the entire night .
It didnt seem like there was a way for me to get out of this and my stomach started to twist and turn uncomfortably .
This also meant that Gavin would most likely be there too , so on top of being around Ethan and Walter all night , I would also have to be around Gavin .
Could things get any more awkward ? I dont really do Galas , Irene , I told her , biting my lower lip .
Ive never done this kind of thing before .
Its so fun .
You are going to love it .
Plus , its not like you are going alone .
Im going to be there ! she assured me .
Despite her excited and positive attitude , I wasnt so sure .
I leaned back in the seat and let her drive us the rest of the way into the city .
She parked outside of a high class boutique and instead of waiting in the car , Gamma Derek and Beta Taylor walked into the store with us while the Gammas from the other car took positions outside .
Gavin was not messing around this time ; not that I could blame him .
His daughter almost gets killed by rogues .
I was honestly glad to have the extra protection even though I knew they were only here for Irene and not because of me .
Miss Landry , lovely to see you again , the store clerk said as we entered the store .
She was a young woman with curly red hair and dazzling green eyes .
Are you shopping for the Gala this weekend ? Hello , Stacy , Irene greeted .
Yes , I am .
This is my friend , Judy .
Shell be going to the Gala as well as my cousins date .
Her eyes lit up at her words .
Walter is in town ? Yes , Irene said simply .
Would be able to help her find the perfect ball gown ? Of course ! Stacy said excitedly .
We just got a couple of new dresses this morning , One of which , I think you will truly like .
Chapter 0115 She walked over to a rack of dresses that were behind the cashiers counter and pulled out the most beautiful silver dress I had ever seen .
Are those real diamonds ? Irene asked , admiring the dress fondly .
Of course they are , Stacy said with a bright smile .
This is an original Ella Venuti .
Theres only one in the world like this .
When I say its new , its brand spanking new .
Irenes eyes lit up as she stepped closer to examine the stitching on the gown .
Ella Venuti is always flawless with her designs .
This is impressive .
The diamonds make for a beautiful touch and the fabric is lightweight .
It would be perfect for the Gala , she breathed .
Its also the most expensive in the store , Stacy warned .
Price has never been an issue , she said thoughtfully She glanced at the price without flinching and then she looked at the size with a frown .
Its a little big for me though , she said .
I wouldnt want to adjust the size unless Ella would be able to do it herself .
I hear that Ella Venuti will be at the Gala this weekend .
But she wont be flying in until Friday evening , Stacy said with a frown .
Shes booked up for the week , so I dont think shell be able to make any adjustments on it .
But we have great designers here as you know .
They could- I wouldnt want anyone else to touch an Ella Venuti dress besides Ella herself , Irene said , holding up her hand .
She stepped back and then turned to look at me .
It looks like it could fit you though .
How about you try it on and see ? She suggested .
I gawked at her in shock .
She wanted me to try on this expensive one of a kind dress ? Was she out of her mind  I … uh … I dont think so , I stammered .
This dress needs to be seen at the Gala , Judy , Irene told me .
Please , try it on .
I sighed and I eventually relented .noveldrama
Stacy went with me to the dressing room and helped me get the dress on without ruining it .
The moment the zipper in the back went up and she released the seams of the dress , I felt like an entirely new woman .
The dress fit perfectly and hugged my curves with so much gentleness and ease .
Stacy gasped when I turned to face her , and her face immediately lit up .
###Take 116
hapter 0116 Chapter 0116 Its beautiful , she breathed , her eyes shining as she took me in .
I glanced down at the dress shyly .
You dont think its too much ? I asked her .
Oh , goddess no ! she said , waving off my concern .
Not for the Gala .
Come on , you must show Irene .
She opened the dressing room door , and I stepped out into the light .
Irene stood by a rack of new dresses but when she heard me step out of the changing room she turned to look at me .
Her eyes grew large , and her mouth fell open at the sight of me .
Wow ! She breathed .
You look amazing .
There was a flash of something in her eyes that I couldnt quite understand but it was gone in a heartbeat .
It almost looked like jealousy , I quickly brushed that thought out of my head ; Irene was drop- dead gorgeous ; there was no way she was jealous of me .
We definitely have to get you that dress .
Walter is going to lose his mind , Irene breathed .
Now , Im going to find my own dress .
Ill come find you when Im done .
She took off a moment later .
I turned to the standing mirror beside me , and I was taken aback by how beautiful the dress looked on me .
I was honestly stunning , which was something I never thought I would say about myself .
Nan would completely lose her mind if she saw me .
I turned away and started to walk towards the dressing room when I walked straight into somebody .
Ew , watch where you are going , I heard a familiar voice saying in a scowl .
I looked up only to see Daisy glaring down at me with her arms folded across her chest .
She lip curled in disgust as she took me in and her eyes narrowed .
Ive only encountered Daisy once and it wasnt pleasant .
It was when I went to dinner with Gavin to discuss my contract while working for him .
Her gaze shifted to the dress I was wearing , and she took a step back to examine it , and then a smile spread across her lips .
That dress is perfect .
Ill take it , she said , motioning for Stacy .
Stacy raised her brows and then looked at me before looking back at her .
Sorry Miss Baldwin , but Im afraid this dress has already been taken , Stacy said , a bit awkwardly .
Daisy lifted her lip up into a curl as she glared at Stacy .
Im Daisy Baldin , the heiress of the Baldwin Estate .
I get everything that I want and what I want is that dress , she snarled .
I could literally ruin you .
Stacy looked nervous as she bit her lower lip .
She wasnt sure what to say , so I decided to intervene .
instead .
As you can see , Im wearing the dress , Miss Baldwin , I told her .
Im going to get it .
Chapter 0116 # She glared at me and the corner of her lips tipped upward into a condescending smirk .
Like you could afford a dress like this , she said , folding her arms across her chest .
Dont make me laugh .
Ill pay you to take it off , she continued as she reached into her pocket to grab her checkbook .
She grabbed a pen as well and glanced back at me .
How much ? A thousand dollars ? When I didnt say anything , and just kept staring blankly at her , trying to figure out where she got this type of audacity , she scoffed .
Fine , how about 5 thousand dollars ? Im not going to give you this dress , I told her through my teeth .
Her eyes turned into slits .
This dress deserves to be worn by someone with class .
You certainly have none , she hissed .
Her eyes pinched together as she scanned my face .
Do I know you from somewhere ? Why do you look so familiar ? I opened my mouth to reply , but then realization flashed through her eyes .
Oh right ; youre the whore that wont leave Gavin alone , she laughed , shaking her head .
I hope you arent going to this Gala in hopes of winning him over .
Newsflash , you are just a one night stand .
You meant nothing to him .
He hasnt had a serious relationship with my sister , but Im planning on changing that at the Gala .
My heart sank from her words .
I shouldnt have let that bother me , but I couldnt help it .
Get out of that dress , now , Daisy demanded .
Aunt Daisy ? Irene said , stepping beside me .
Daisys eyes flickered to Irene and her face paled .
I… Irene … ? Daisy stammered .noveldrama
What are you doing here ? Irene narrowed her eyes .
Im helping my friend Judy pick out a dress for the Gala .
Did I hear correctly ? Are you trying to seduce my father ? Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 117
Chapter 0117 Judys POV You know your father and I have a long history , Dalsy sald , giving an awkward chuckle .
Irene nodded thoughtfully .
Yes , his fated mate , my mother , was your sister , Irene replied .noveldrama
Unfortunately , my father isnt on the market for dating at the moment .
Daisy pressed her red lips in a thin line as she narrowed her eyes at Irene .
Even she knew she had to be careful about what she said in the presence of Gavins daughter.
We are only friends , of course , Daisy said through her tight lipped smile .
Dont overthink things .
She glanced in my direction and sized me up for a moment and then she curled her lip in disgust again .
That dress is too tacky for me .
Ill find something else , she muttered .
She spun on her heel and walked away .
I let out a breath I hadnt known I was holding .
The fake smile Irene was sporting dropped immediately and then she turned to me .
I hate that bitch , she muttered .
I was surprised by this , but I relaxed immediately after hearing Irenes words and then I let out a soft chuckle .
Irene gave me a gentle smile and nudged me towards the changing room .
Get changed and we can grab some lunch before we head back .
I know you have tutoring this evening Sounds good , I told her .
As much as I loved the dress , it was nice wearing my normal clothes again .
Stacy was quick to take the dress and package it for me .
Irene found a gorgeous dress for herself as well and Irene packaged that for her .
We reached the counter , and Stacy rang up the dresses .
For Judy , the dress is 3 million dollars and for Irene , the dress is 1 million , Stacy said , lifting her gaze .
My mouth dropped open .
That was so much money .
I wasnt expecting a simple dress to cost that much .
Without even blinking , Irene grabbed a black card and handed it to Stacy .
You can charge t dresses to this card , Irene said as she pulled out her phone to check her messages .
I stared at her dumbfounded at how casual she was to be spending that much money .
Stacy looked delighted as she charged the card .
Once it went through , she printed the receipt and handed the receipt and card to Irene .
She carefully handed us each a box which Taylor and Gamma Derek took from us to help out .
They were so well hidden in the shadows and kept to themselves that I completely forgot that they were even there .
I smiled my thanks to Taylor as he took my box , and he nodded in acknowledgment .
We left the store , thankfully without any more run ins with Daisy , and we grabbed lunch .
This time , we invited the Gammas and Beta Taylor to join us , not wanting to be alone even for a second .
Once we finished with lunch , we went to the Villa so I could tutor Matt .
Chapter 0117 Mind if I steal you away for a minute ? Walter asked during the shooting portion of the tutoring session .
Matt was busy practicing his aim and was barely paying attention to us , so I nodded .
Walter took hold of my arm and wrapped it through mine .
We walked together , arm in arm , for a short while before he finally stopped to turn to me .
So , Im not sure if you heard , but the mascaraed Galas this weekend , he started in a rush .
My cheeks blushed and I nodded as I bit my lip .
I just got a couple tickets to the event , he continued .
And I was wondering if youd be my date ? I had a strange instinct to decline his offer , but I just got a 3 million dollar dress , so I couldnt .
I would love to , I told him .
It sounds like fun .
He relaxed his shoulders and let out a breath of relief .
Great , Ill pick you up at 8 on Saturday night , he told me and then he bent to kiss my cheek softly .
I nodded .
I will see you then , I told him .
I watched him as he hurried away and noticed that he had an extra pep in his step .
I just hoped that 1 wasnt going to be the one to take that away .
Third Person POV Saturday came quickly and Irene spent most of the day preparing for the Gala .
She was excited to be able to show off her glamorous dress and her gorgeous fiancé on her arm .
Ethan told her that he would pick her up this evening around 8 pm and then they would meet up with Walter and Judy .
They were planning on sharing a limo for the event tonight and she was beyond thrilled about it .
Her father was also attending the Gala , but he wasnt going to accompany them .
He was getting there by himself , without a date .
Irene had told him that he should find somebody to take , but he refused .
Truth be told , she didnt want him to be single at the Gala knowing that Daisy was also going to be there single , in hopes of capturing Gavins attention .
She didnt want her father and her mothers sister to get together .
The thought irritated her , she really couldnt stand her Aunt Daisy , and she wanted her away from her family .
###Take 118
Chapter 0118 She knew her father was smart enough to see through Daisy though , so she tried not to stress too hard .
How do I look ? Walter asked as he leaned against the doorframe of Irenes bedroom .
She turned to look at him and her face lit up .
He was so handsome in his suit and the silver mask with features that complimented his attire made her grin even wider .
Like my father , she admitted .
Did you cut your hair ? He nodded and ran his fingers through his hair .
ld be nice .
Yes , he answered out loud .
I wanted to be cleaned up for tonight so I figured a haircut would Well , you look very handsome , Walter .
Judy is a lucky woman , Irene told him thoughtfully .
He shrugged and glanced at the ground .
Im the lucky one , he murmured .
I really like her .
Ithink Im going to ask her tonight to be my girlfriend .
Irene frowned and thought about it for a moment .
You dont think its too soon ? she asked .
He frowned .
I know it might seem like its too soon , but I truly feel as if shes the right one for me , he breathed .
But shes not your fated mate .
He raised his brows .
And Ethan isnt yours .
But youre still marrying him .
You know hes the right one for you , he reminded her .
She blushed at the reminder and then bit her lower lip Youre right , she admitted .
I just dont want to see anyone get hurt .noveldrama
I would never hurt her , he told her .
If she doesnt want to move to France with me , then Ill see about moving here permanently .
I can open my own business here and start new roots .
Irene raised her brows .
Youd do that for her ? She asked .
Even after a couple of dates ? He blushed .
I think I might be falling in love with her , he admitted .
Those couple of dates were all I needed to know for sure .
I guess tonight Ill find out if the feeling is mutual and then we will go from there .
Irene smiled thoughtfully at her cousin and then stepped closer to him to hug him .
Im so happy for you , Walter , she breathed .
Chapter 0118 She stepped back and fixed lils mask on his face .
Are there more masks ? She asked .
He nodded .
Yeah , one of the maids brought in a box of masks , he answered .
She nodded and stepped around him to leave her room .
She walked down the grand stairs and reached the front foyer where the box of masks was .
Her father was staring down at them ; he looked as handsome as ever and it was funny because the sult kind of resembled Walters .
They truly did look alike ; the family resemblance was quite obvious .
Are you picking out a mask ? Irene asked him .
He looked up at her and then nodded .
Im not sure which one would go better with my suit , he said thoughtfully , examining each mask carefully .
She frowned at the box and then saw one that looked exactly like the one Walter was wearing Walter is wearing something similar , and he went with this silver one , Irene said , lifting the mask up to Gavins face .
I think it looks great with the color mesh .
Gavin looked at me for a brief moment before putting the mask over his eyes .
He looked insanely like Walter and Irene had to blink a few times .
Okay , Gavin finally said , nodded .
This one will do .
Irene nodded and grabbed a mask that matched her dress .
Just then , Adam opened the front door and Ethan walked into the foyer .
He had a smile on his face and a bouquet of flowers for Irene .
She gushed over the flower and kissed him sweetly on the cheek while he told her how beautiful he looked .
Gavin took off the mask and slipped it into his front pocket as Walter came walking down the stairs .
I had a driver pick up Judy and bring her here , he explained .
Has she arrived yet ? Adam peeked his head outside .
It seems she just pulled up , he announced .
Walter waited with bated breath for Judy to step into the house .
After a few minutes , her incredibly beautiful form stood at the doorway .
She had her hair half down and half but curled to perfection .
Her dress was the most beautiful thing ever seen and it fit her form perfectly ; it was made for her .
She looked flawless and jaw dropping She gave an awkward smile as she glanced around the foyer , everyone had their eyes on her .
Ethan stood with his arm around Irene , but his eyes were fixed on Judy and his mouth was nearly on the ground .
Walters eyes were lit up and excitement was clear on his face , making her blush .
But it wasnt their eyes that caught her attention , it was Gavins .
He stood at a distance away from her , his eyes never wavering as they took her in .
Chapter 0118 There was something in them she couldnt quite tell though ; his eyes were clouded dark with something .
that kind of resembled lust .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 119
Chapter 0119 Chapter 0119 Judys POV The Gala was just as beautiful as I imagined ; it was also incredibly crowded .
The moment our limo pulled up to the front entrance where everyone was lined up to get inside , the paparazzi were all over us .
Flashes of light nearly blinded me , and Walter had to take my hand and guide me through the doorway .
kept asking questions about what Irene was wearing and when they got a look at me , one of them recognized Ella Venutis design and started to ask me questions about it too .
The 1 I opened my mouth to answer them about where I got the dress , but Irene stopped me .
You dont want to talk to the press , she whispered .
They are nasty buggers and will twist anything you say .
I bit my lip and nodded .
We walked over to the security guards at the entrance , Ethan pulled out the invites for him and Irene .
The security guard looked at them for a moment before nodding and stepping aside for them to enter .
Walter handed the security guard our tickets next , and he looked them over before nodding and stepping aside from us as well .
Walter offered me his arm and I smiled thoughtfully as I took it .
The music was loud , and everybody was wearing dazzling gowns and suits ; I couldnt recognize anybody behind the masks , but I wasnt sure if Id be able to recognize anyone regardless .
This place is amazing , I breathed , staring up at the light streamers that danced across the ceiling .
Its beautiful .
First time at the Gala ? Walter asked , giving me a questionable look .
I nodded .
Is it that obvious ? I asked , feeling my cheeks warm under his scrutiny .
I guess its a new experience for us both then , he admitted .
I looked at him surprised .
Youve never been before either ? He shrugged causally .
Not to an American one , he told me .
Ive been to a few Galas in France , but nothing quite like this .
Im also way too busy with work , so I dont go out often .
So , what are we supposed to do at these things besides stand here and look pretty ? I asked , teasingly .
He smirked .
We drink and mingle with the rich , he replied .
When I chuckled , he grinned .
Can I get you a drink ? That would be great , I told him .
Anything besides champaign .
You arent a fan ? Chapter 01.19 Not really , I answered .
He nodded thoughtfully .
Ill make sure to remember that , he said , winking before he turned and walked towards the bar .
There you are , Irene said , draping her arm through mine .
Come on ; we have a reserved table over here .
I glanced behind her and saw that Ethan was already seated at the table .
I swallowed down the bile that rose in my throat as I willed my legs to move towards that table with Irene .
This was going to be one long night .
Gavins POV Mr.
Landry , how much are you donating for the Gala this year ? Mr.
Landry , who designed your suit ? Are you here with anybody special tonight ? I ignored the paparazzi as I often did , the second I reached the security guard , he nodded at me and let me in , without even needing my invitation .noveldrama
As I stepped around him , I paused and reached into my pocket to grab my mask .
I slipped it over my face and then walked the rest of the way inside .
I truly wasnt a fan of these events , but as the person funding it , it was my duty to be here .
The staff were running around , trying to serve as many guests as possible .
Everybody was in their elegant attire , mingling amongst one another .
When they noticed me walking by , most women puffed out their chests , making their breasts look bigger , and batted their lashes .
I ignored them , just as I did with the paparazzi The first place I went to was the bar ; I paused when I saw Walter ordering a couple of drinks from the bartender .
If Walter was here , that meant Judy was here .
As if it was instinct , my eyes immediately found her .
She was seated rather uncomfortably at a table with Ethan and Irene .
It seemed that Irene was talking her ear off , and Ethan wouldnt take his eyes off Judy .
My blood boiled at the sight of it ; his eyes should only be for my daughter and no one else .
Was I seriously going to have to speak to him again about this ? And what was Judy thinking ? Wearing a dress like that knowing there were going to be unmated males around here and that she was going to be around her ex mate ? It was almost as if she wanted his attention .
Uncle ? Walter asked as he started to walk past , drinks in hand .
I turned my scrutiny onto him and nodded without uttering a single word .
Im glad you came , Walter said , a small smile on his face .
I hope that its okay that I took Judy here .
I know you had a thing about me dating one of your staff members .
But Judy is different .
I truly like her .
I might even be in love with her .
My blood went cold at his words .
Chapter 0119 In love ? Could Judy really be in love with this fool in return ? Walter had a history with women ; he fell in love too quickly , but he always ended up finding someone new and dropping his current love .
It really showed Judys incompetence for falling for a guy like that .
Chapter 0120 Chapter 0120
###Take 120
Chapter 0120 Chapter 0120 When I didnt say anything in return , Walter got the fint and walked around me to rejoin Judy and the others .
I stood frozen , silently fuming .noveldrama
Then , I felt a land on the back of my shoulder .
I turned to see Daisy standing behind me with a soft smile on her lips .
She had a golden shimmering dress that hugged her curves nicely and her breasts were fully on display .
She wore a golden mask with silver features , but I knew it was her almost immediately .
Im glad you made it , she said , her smile growing while .
Buy me a drink .
It wasnt a question , but an order .
I raised my brows at her and she just batted her lashes in my direction .
With a sigh , I asked , And what would you like to drink ? ? Champaign , she said eagerly .
I went to the bartender and ordered two glasses of Champaign .
I handed one to Daisy .
You look handsome tonight , Gavin .
I see you didnt bring a date this evening , she pointed out .
You know I dont usually bring dates to these types of things , I reminded her .
She nodded thoughtfully as she took a sip of her wine What about that girl you were seeing ? Judy was her name ? Thats not your concern , I said through my teeth .
This probably wouldnt be her scene anyway , she said with a light laugh .
I couldnt imagine someone as common as her being here .
Thats enough , I said , as I drank the rest of my champagne and started to walk away .
She grabbed my arm , stopping me .
I meant no offense , she said , her brows knitted together .
But you deserve someone more in your league .
Im a heiress and we would be so good together When I didnt say anything , she took that as her opportunity to step closer to me .
Dance with me , she practically purred .
I was ready to decline her when my eyes caught sight of Judy on the dance floor , wrapped in Walters arms .
She looked content with her body pressed close against his .
I pressed my lips together and turned back to Daisy , nodding at her .
I took her hand and escorted her to the dance floor ; she eagerly followed my lead .
She wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed her body close to mine .
As we danced , I couldnt help but look in Judys direction .
How could she let this man touch her after what we had done the other night ? She truly did have no shame .
Daisy was babbling away about something that I wasnt listening to .
I gave her generic responses and tried to make it look as if I was interested in being there with her , but that couldnt be further from the truth .
+29 BONUS Chapter 0120 I glanced at Judy once more and I saw Walter kissing her cheek and then he kissed her lips .
She let him kiss him ; she even closed her eyes and relaxed into the kiss .
But she wasnt moving her lips ; it was almost as if she was letting him kiss her out of duty .
It was nothing like the way we kissed the other night .
She kissed me with a hungry fire as if she needed my mouth to survive .
My cock twitched at the memory , and I had to remind him that I wasnt there with Judy .
She was with someone else .
n Walter whispered something in her ear , and she nodded .
He kissed her one last time before he released her and walked towards the bathroom .
Judy , looking awkward , went back to the table .
It was now empty because Irene was on the dance floor with Ethan .
Gavin ? Daisy asked , trying to get my attention .
I turned back to her and bowed my head in her direction .
If youll excuse me , I told her , not bothering to come up with an excuse .
She looked dumbfounded when I released her and walked away .
I could hear her calling my name , but I ignored her .
I reached the table that Judy was seated at and when she saw me , her eyes grew large .
I thought you were going to the bathroom ? She asked , confused .
She thought I was Walter , and I wasnt about to expose myself that quickly .
Without a single word , I took her hand into mine and pulled her to her feet .
The electricity I felt from her touch alone was enough to send my wolf into a frenzy , and I had to fight to keep him calm .
She sucked in a sharp breath when she felt it as well .
I pulled her with me onto the dance floor and into my arms .
I wrapped my arms around her , holding her close to me and allowing her scent to envelop me completely .
I suddenly felt a strange sense of calm wash over me as we danced slowly .
I couldnt seem to take my eyes off her and she was entranced by my eyes as well .
Her breathing grew heavy , and I felt a tremble creep up her spine as my fingers ran up the seams of her dress .
She truly did look stunning tonight .
Her lips were pink and plump , ready for me to kiss them .
She needed a real man to kiss her , not that childish peck that Walter gave her .
She Paled her lips , and her tongue jetted out to lick her bottom lip .
Walter , I- Before she could finish that sentence , my mouth was on hers in the most bruising and passionate kiss I have ever had .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 121
Chip 12 Chapter 0121 Judys POV This kiss was like no other , my heart was racing in my chest .
I never thought Walter could kiss like this , but here I was , practically floating in his arms while his lips conquered mine .
Yet , the kiss was so familiar it was almost like I was kissing Gavin .
Why was I thinking about Gavin yet again ? It was like couldnt get that man out of my mind .
When we broke apart , I breathed heavily .
My cheeks were flushed , and my heart was racing at lightning speed .noveldrama
I opened my mouth to say something to him , but he stepped away , his eyes wide and yet dark with lust .
Walter- My words were cut off as he disappeared through the crowd , leaving me standing breathless and blushing .
I was shocked that he left me there after such an incredible kiss .
I reached my fingers to my lips , touching them .
They were swollen and Im sure they were probably red as well .
Are you okay ? Irene asked as she paused next to me she was looking in the same direction I was .
… uh … I stammered , not sure how to respond .
Do you know where Walter is going ? Walter ? She asked with a frown before glancing over her shoulder at the table .
He just got back to the table My entire body froze ; what did she just say ? I slowly turned to see Walter saying something to Ethan as he took his seat , and his eyes scanned the area until he found me .
A smile lit up his face and he waved me over to join him ; I was taken aback .
If that was Walter , then who just kissed me ? I looked back in the direction of that man , but he was long gone .
My heart was racing , and my palms were sweating .
A stranger just gave me one of the best kisses of my life , filled with passion and longing that I had never felt before … well , thats a lie .
Ive felt it once before .
I feel it whenever Gavin kisses me ….
But that couldnt have been Gavin .
He wouldnt kiss me in public like that .
He had way more self control and we both agreed that our night of passion should never happen again .
We agreed that we had to pretend it never happened , so if that wasnt Walter and it wasnt Gavin , who was it ? Your face is all red , Walter said with a frown as I reached the table .
Is everything okay ? I couldnt tell him what had happened , so I nodded .
Yes , I answered , giving him a small smile .
I think Im just a little tired .
At this point , we had been here for a couple of hours and as much fun as its been , I was exhausted .
I wasnt used to this kind of thing and the alcohol was getting to my head a little .
Here , have a sip of water , Walter said , passing me a glass .
1 smiled greatly at him and took some mouthfuls of water , sighing in contentment as the cold liquid soothed my dry throat .
Chapter 0121 Thank you , I said to him sweetly .
# 26 BONUS He stood to his feet and wrapped an arm around my waist , kissing my cheek softly .
Even his scent was different than the man I was just kissing on the dance floor .
My mind was whirling with confusion and my wolf was practically whimpering in my head .
She wanted me to chase after that man and yet she was Sicted and in pain over the fact that our mate was here with another woman .
It was driving her crazy and in return , it was driving me crazy as well .
How about we go outside , he suggested .
There was something I wanted to talk to you about anyway .
I nodded and let him take my hand ; we said goodbye to Irene and ignored Ethan completely .
He was glaring at me , and I wasnt in the mood to deal with him right now .
I walked with Walter towards the back door , and we stepped onto the back patio of the Gala Hall .
It was a gorgeous night ; the moon was a perfect crescent and there wasnt a cloud in the sky , making way for the most gorgeous display of stars I had ever seen .
The air was a bit chilly , and I wrapped my arms around my body to keep warm .
I should have brought a coat , but I wasnt really thinking about it when we left this evening , Walter took his suit coat off and wrapped it around my shoulders as if he could read my thoughts .
Thanks , I said to him .
Of course , he replied , keeping his arm around me and pulling me close to his side .
Its a beautiful night , I told him , trying to make conversation to ease some of the awkwardness I was feeling around him .
Not as beautiful as you , he basically purred .
Wanting to change the subject , I cleared my throat and shimmied out of his embrace .
I turned to face him , and he had a small frown on his lips .
So , what did you want to talk about ? I asked him .
He lifted his mask over his face so I could actually look at him ; I completely forgot that I had a mask on as well , so I took mine off and held it in my hands while I looked up at him .
He looked nervous and I could tell he was internally trying to talk himself into something … or maybe out of it .
Chapter 0122 Chapter 0122
###Take 122
Chapter 0122 Walter ? I asked after a long pause .
He blinked a few times and cleared his throat , meeting my eyes , he gave me a boyish smile .
I like you , Judy , he blurted out , making me raise my brows .
I really like you .
I think I could potentially fall in love with you .
My heart sank in my chest ; any woman would love to hear those words , especially from Walter Landry .
He was every womans eye candy , and I was so lucky to be in this position with him … but I didnt feel the same way about him .
I thought of him more like a friend than anything .
But I truly did not want to hurt him .
So , I wanted to ask you … if … youd be my girlfriend , he concluded , his eyes shining with hope and love .
It made my stomach twist guiltily .
I twiddled with my fingers thinking about that kiss on the dance floor and the fact that I had sex with his uncle the other day .
My cheeks flushed at the memory , and I bit my lower lip .
Walter … I said slowly , a sigh leaving my lips .
It was enough for him to know that this wasnt going to be a good conversation and that I wasnt giving him the answer he wanted .
I watched as his face fell a little , but he remained silent so that I could continue .
I think youre a really great guy , I told him , looking up to meet his eyes .
And any woman would be so lucky to have you .
But Im not really in a place to be seriously involved with anyone .
As you already know , my fated mate is marrying another woman , and my wolf is messed up over it … Im not like him though , Walter said , grabbing a hold of my arm , startling me .
Im different than him .noveldrama
I would never hurt you .
Just give it some time and you can grow to love me as can your wolf .
I shook my head and tried to pull my hand away from him .
Walter , youre amazing and Im so sorry .
I dont want to hurt you , t about you as you do for me .
I tried … I truly did but- I just dont feel the same way Then try harder ! He exclaimed , his grip tightening We have fun together and we have amazing chemistry , Judy .
As friends , I told him , trying to keep my tone under control so we wouldnt draw any unwanted attention .
Thats a lie and you know it ! He scolded me .
We fucking kissed !! Please , let go of me .
Youre hurting me , I told him , struggling against his hold .
His coat fell to the ground during the struggle and his grip only tightened around my forearm ; I knew at this point it would leave a mark .
You led me on! You made me believe there was a future , he said through his teeth , anger flashing across his face .
His eyes were wild ; I had never seen that look in his eyes before and it made me nervous .
Please , Walter … Chapter 0122 You are nothing but a slut , he growled .
I should have never put my trust in you ! I should have never fallen for you .
Its no wonder Ethan left you for my cousin ! Before I could stop myself , I slapped him across the face .
He was so startled by the motion that he released me .
I pulled away from him and stared at him with anger in my own eyes and a fire burning deep in my belly .
Dont you ever speak to me like that again , Walter .
Im sorry that I hurt you but that doesnt give you the right to be a complete asshole ! I scolded him , pointing my finger in his face .
His resolve faded a bit , and I could see the remorse in his eyes as he ran his fingers through his hair .
Look , youre right .
Im sorry .
I was out of line , he murmured .
But I dont understand why we cant be together .
I mean you came here as my date didnt you ? You let me kiss you multiple times tonight .
And now youre telling me you only see me as a friend ? It doesnt make any sense .
Did something happen ? I saw someone with you earlier today … Is it because of him ? My heart fell into my stomach .
He saw me with that guy earlier ? Did he see us kissing ? My face must have been enough of an answer because that fury was back in his eyes as he glared down at me .
It is , isnt it ? He asked in a growl .
Something happened between you two .
Didnt it ? Walter- He grabbed my arm again , this time even harder and let out a distressed whimper .
You truly are a slut ! He hissed .
I wish I never met you , Judy Montague ! Let me go ! I growled , my fight and flight activating You have no right to touch me like this ! I dont want to be with you , so just leave me alone- The sting in my cheek cut off my words and the taste of blood filled my mouth before I even realized what had happened .
I stared up at him and saw the anger in his eyes and his own hand red from the -impact .
He just slapped me across the face .
###Take 123
Chapter 0123 Judys POV I could feel my cheek swelling from the force and the cat in my lip dripping with blood .
The moment he saw the blood on my face , I could see the horror in his eyes .
He released me quickly and stepped back , holding up his hands .
The motion of him holding up his hands though caused me to flinch , which caused hurt to flash in his eyes .
Judy … Im- Dont touch me , I said through my teeth , my voice coming out unfamiliar .
Im … Im so sorry … he said , covering his face with his hands .
I didnt mean to hurt you ….
Just leave … I said , desperate to hold back these tears until he was gone .
He didnt keep me waiting long , he said nothing more as he turned and ran from me .
The moment he was out of sight , I let myself crumble .
Tears flowed down my cheeks , stinging the wound on my lip .
I touched my swollen cheek with my fingertips and winced .
Thankfully , there were no witnesses , but I wasnt going to stick around long enough for anyone to come outside and see my situati I quickly hurried from the back patio .
I didnt bother going back inside ; I thought about saying goodbye to Irene , but the moment she saw my face , she would be questioning me , and I couldnt answer those questions right now .
My entire body was trembling as I made my way around the front of the building .
Walter was my ride and there was no way in hell I was going to find him and have him bring me home .
I reached into my purse and grabbed my phone .
I was about to call for an Uber but then I heard my name and my entire body froze .
Judy ? I knew that voice as if it were my own and I was dreading facing him right now .
I couldnt seem to keep the tears from flowing down my cheeks .
I kept my back towards him , not wanting him to see me weak like this .
I heard the car door opening and then shutting , soon , I was engulfed in the familiar scent as I felt his hands on my shoulders , Electricity pulsated through my flesh from his touch , and I hated that I was drawn to him like this .
What happened ? Gavin asked , his dark tone brewing .
He knew I was upset without even looking at me ; how did he know ? When only the sounds of my sniffles could be heard , he forcibly turned me around .
The concern in his eyes turned into shock when he saw my face .
As his eyes scanned my swollen cheek and the cut on my lip , I saw the fury in his gaze .
Who did this to you ? He asked through his teeth .
It doesnt matter , I murmured , wiping the tears off my cheeks .
I just want to go home .
Was it my nephew ? He asked , ignoring my request to go home .
Chapter 1 When I didnt answer , he let out a low grow .
He already knew the answer without me having to say it .
He grabbed my chin gently and moved my head up , so my eyes were fixed on his I will never let him hurt you again , he said slowly , making sure I caught every word he spoke .
I stared into his eyes for what felt like a long while before I nodded .
Then his lips slowly closed the distance , and he kissedine gently , my heart immediately skipped a beat , and my wolf was on her toes .
His kiss was everything and yet so familiar .
It was at that moment ! realized ; he was the man I kissed inside .
I suppose if he were to have his mask on still , he would resemble Walter .
It was the family resemblance , and felt foolish to not have realized that sooner .
My heart was racing as his tongue slipped out of his mouth and glided across my bottom lip , asking for permission to enter .
Permission that I granted by parting my lips for him .noveldrama
He wrapped his arms around my waist , pulling me into him , kissing me as if his entire life depended on it The pain in my cheek and my lip slowly faded and I couldnt tell if it was him who was healing me , or my wolf , but regardless , I didnt want him to stop .
I wanted … no … I needed more of him .
Gavins POV After kissing Judy on the dance floor , I went to the host of the Gala and gave her my contribution check before saying goodbye and leaving , I didnt want to be there any longer , especially after watching Judy leaving with Walter , hand in hand .
My driver had already left , not expecting that I would be ready to leave so soon , but I knew Taylor was around the corner and would get there faster than my driver , so I called him and had him pick me up instead .
It didnt take long for Taylor to get there and he knew better than to ask me any questions right now .
Just as we were about to leave , I saw Judy walking down the street from the back patio with her arms wrapped around her trembling body and it looked as if shes been crying I knew at that moment that I wasnt going anywhere without her .
###Take 124
Chapter 0124 Chapter 0124 But the second I saw her swollen cheek and the cut on her lip , I was seeing fucking red .
Family or not , my nephew was going to die for what he did to her .
Kissing her wasnt part of the plan , but it certainly calmed both me and my wolf down .
The moment I kissed her , I knew stopping was going to be almost impossible .
At first , I tasted the blood on her lip , but then her wound started to close , and I wondered if it was her wolf that was healing her , or me … I pulled her into me even closer , feeling every curve of her body pressed against mine .
I pulled her towards the car , not letting my lips wander from hers until we reached the front door of the car , and I knocked on it , forcing Taylor to roll down his window , I reluctantly broke the kiss to look at Taylors smug face .
Judy was breathless and her lips were no longer swollen from the wound but swollen from my kiss .
Get out , I told him .
Wait out here .
Yes , sir , Taylor said with a sparkle of humor in his eyes as he rolled up the window and then stepped out of the car .
The second he was out of the car and the door was shut , I opened the back door and gently helped Judy into the backseat .
and She lay on her back , waiting for me to join her .
I slowly crawled across her body , shutting the door behind me .
She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen ; her dress hugged her figure perfectly my wolf was practically feral , wanting her out of that dress and naked in my arms .
I kissed along the nape of her neck , and she gasped at the sensation , I sucked on the soft spot where her neck met her shoulder , and a soft moan escaped her lips as she ran her fingers through my hair .
Her fingertips felt good brushing across my scalp , and I felt a shiver running across my spine .
I slowly pulled down the straps of her dress , pulling until her incredible breasts were on display .
Her nipples were hard and begging for me to touch them .
She let out a breathy gasp as my tongue twirled around one of her nipples , sucking it into my mouth and teasing her until she was panting with need .
Gavin … she gasped .
Warmth spread across her body , practically radiating off her and warming me in return .
A smile crept along my lips ; I loved the effect I had on her and I wondered what else I could do to make her react in this way .
I tugged her nipple with my teeth , making her whimper and arch her back .
I could smell her desires pooling between her legs and it caused my wolf to growl hungrily .
I trailed my lips down her body , kissing her above her dress until I reached the bottom layer of her dress .
I used my hands to gently push her dress up and my eyes darkened when I saw the black silk panties she was wearing .
Was she wearing these for Walter ? The thought pissed me off and I had to bite back a growl .
I was going to make her forget Walters name; the only name I wanted on her lips was mine .
I pushed her panties aside , revealing her most sensitive spot .
She looked and smelled so good that my mouth was practically watering .
Without warning , I devoured her .
She yelled out my name and it felt so good to hear it coming out of her mouth .
She tasted just as good as she smelled , and my cock twitched 1/2 Chapter 0124 with need .
I sucked her clit into my mouth and teased her until she could no longer take it .
As she came undone , she yelled out my name , but I didnt relent until she was practically paralyzed from the pleasure .
I gave her clit one last kiss before I brought my lips back to hers , kissing her with everything I had inside of me , and shoving my tongue deep into her mouth so she could taste herself on me .
She kissed me hungrily , nipping at my bottom lip and chuckling when I nipped at her now fully healed bottom lip .
She ran her fingers down my body , exploring my abs through my shirt and a small smile tipped the corner of her lips showing that she liked what she was feeling .
I helped her out by undoing my belt and unzipping my pants so she could have easier access to me .
It didnt take her long to get my manhood out of my pants and firmly in her hands .
Her touch was electrifying , and I nearly combusted on the spot .
I kissed her as she stroked me , rubbing her fingers across the tip and then down my shaft , making me moan like never before .noveldrama
I need to be inside of you , I whispered against her lips .
Her eyes sparkled to life as she nodded .
Take me … she whispered .
Tell me you are mine … I begged , not recognizing the hoarseness of my voice , or understanding where these words were coming from .
Tell me … She looked at me for a moment , the heat in her eyes intensifying before she closed the distance and kissed me deeply just before I heard her breathy whisper .
Im yours .
Todays Bonus Offer
Chapter 0125 Judys POV The words were out of my mouth before I could truly think about what they meant .
They seemed to be his unraveling though because in the next second , he was buried deep inside of me and I was screaming out his name , all thoughts of anything leaving my mind in an instant .
As he thrust himself inside of me , he kept hitting that perfect spot that made my legs tingle and my body hum with excitement , even my wolf was in complete bliss , completely forgetting about the heartbreak from our falled mating .
Gavins lips found mine again and he sucked my bottom lip into his mouth .
I smiled into the kiss , wanting so much more of him .
I wanted to be even closer if that was possible .
I ran my fingers through his soft locks of hair , holding his head so I could kiss him until my heart was content .
He didnt fight me on it ; he let me explore him and take what I needed .
Judy … he moaned against me .
I loved the way my name sounded on his lips , and I wanted to hear it again and again .
I could feel him swelling and twitching inside of me , but he was holding himself back .
He reached between us and started to rub my core with his thumb , teasing and tugging my clit until I could no longer hold it in anymore .noveldrama
With a final yell of his name , I was coming undone and he was following me over the edge .
I felt him release his seed inside of me and we were soon both a sweating and panting mess of entanglement .
We remained like that for a short while , attempting to catch our breath before he got off me and pulled me to a sitting position .
I ran my fingers through my disheveled hair , feeling my cheeks flush with embarrassment .
Im not sure what came over me , but this was not how I thought my night would be ending .
Gavin was quick to adjust himself and make himself decent again as if nothing had happened .
I stared at him wide eyed , not believing that he was able to recover himself so quickly .
A smirk played on his lips as he swiped his thumb across my bottom lip and then tucked a fallen strand of hair behind my ear .
He kissed my forehead affectionately , making my heart skip a beat .
He gave me a second to adjust my dress before he rolled down the window .
Taylor was standing outside the car and his cheeks were red .
There was no doubt in my mind that he heard the entire thing , I wanted to die from embarrassment , but Gavin didnt seem bothered .
Take us back to my Villa , he ordered .
Taylor nodded and hurried into the drivers seat .
He was quick to close the little window separating the front seat from the backseat , giving Gavn and me some more privacy .
I looked up at Gavin , surprised .
You arent taking me home ? I asked him .
He raised a brow at me .
Do you want to return home ? I thought about it for a second before shaking my head Chapter 0125 As we drove , my mind was racing .
Why did Gavin kiss me again ? And why did we have sex ? I thought we agreed that this couldnt happen again .
He didnt seem bothered by the fact that we just broke our agreement though .
In fact , he looked satisfied and a little smug , as if he had just won the lottery or something .
But there was no way he thought of this aswinning the lottery.
If anything , Im probably just making his life more complicated .
I wasnt sure where this left us when it came to employees and bosses .
I also wasnt sure what was going to happen with Walter … oh Goddess .
Walter .
How had I forgotten about him ? I reached my hand up to touch my check , expecting to still feel its tender swelling .
But there wasnt any .
It didnt feel wounded at all .
Had I imagined it ? Or was healed after Walter struck me ? You dont need to worry about him anymore , Gavin said as if he could read my thoughts .
Hes never going to bother you again .
W … what do you mean ? I asked , peeking up at him .
Ill handle him , he told me simply .
What he did was out of line .
Ive already mindlinked one of my men who is head of security .
They are going to get the security footage from the back patio .
My mouth fell open .
There were cameras ? I gasped .
He raised his right brow .
Of course there are , he answered .
Im not letting him get away with this .
Hell pay the ultimate price for hurting you .
###Take 125
Chapter 0126 1 flushed from his words ; I didnt take him for someone who would care about such a thing , especially not when it came to me ..
You shouldnt be too hard on him .
Hes your nephew … Which makes it worse , Gavin muttered .
Hes family and my family never raise their hand to women .
It cant go without punishment .
I knew there was no changing his mind on this ; I bit the inside of my cheek and stared down at my hands .
He asked me to be his girlfriend , I whispered , making Gavin tense from beside me .
And I said no .
He was angry with me … he said some pretty cruel things .
Why did you decline his offer ? He didnt sound accusatory , more just curious like he was trying to keep the conversation going .
My heart swelled a little more thinking that maybe he did care for me … at least a little bit .
I didnt feel the same way about him , I admitted .
I didnt want to hurt him … but I didnt like him in the same way that he liked me .
Gavin nodded , his expression softening .
And he got angry , he said softly ; it wasnt a question , but I nodded anyway .
Yes , I confirmed .
He got angry .
Gavin wrapped an arm around me and pulled me into his side , wrapping me with his warmth and comfort .
I felt my body relaxing almost immediately and my heart eased .
I thought we decided that the other night was a mistake , and we were going to pretend it never happened , I blurted before I could stop myself .
You decided that .
I raised my brows and looked up at him .
And thats not what you wanted ? I asked him .
I wasnt really thinking about it , he admitted .
And now ? He was quiet for a moment , at first , I didnt think he was going to answer my question , but then he let out a shuddering breath .
And now , I think we should be together .
My heart stilled in my chest and my jaw all but dropped .
Im sorry … what ? Chapter 0126 Lets be together .
Even though he had said it twice , I still wasnt sure if heard him correctly .
I stared at him blankly , not sure what to say in response .
Was he kidding ? Do I laugh ? Do I agree ? Did I want to be with him like that ? He was Irenes father and my exs father in law .
Not to mention my boss .
This was a recipe for disaster ! The corner of his lips tipped upward into a smile , and he bent to brush a chaste kiss across my lips .
Im not saying lets get married , or even mate , he said as he kissed the bridge of my nose .
Im saying , lets be together .
Itll get my mother and Daisy off my back and get Ethan and Walter off yours .
Meanwhile , we can scratch each others itches and have a little fun .
I raised my brows , suddenly understanding what he was saying .
You want to have a fake relationship ? I asked .
I wouldnt say fake , he replied .
Maybe something like friends with benefits .
He tucked a strand of hair behind my car and grinned down at me .
With plenty of benefits .
You cant deny that we are sexually compatible , and we are attracted to one another .
I corked my brows at him .
You are attracted to me ? I asked teasingly .
He rolled his eyes , but I could see the playfulness on his face .
Focus , he murmured , bobbing my forehead gently with his knuckle .
Its been a while since I did this whole dating thing and Im a little rusty , he admitted .
But now that Ive had a taste of you … I dont think I can just pretend it didnt happen .
His tone grew sultry at the end and a shiver crept up my spine as my cheeks flared with heat .
I bit my lip as I peeked up at him .
I was definitely going to regret this at some point , but I couldnt help myself .
I nodded , my eyes locked onto his .
Okay , I said softly .
Lets be together .
He grinned but then his face grew serious .
Of course , we cant tell anyone about this for right now .
go public .
We need to keep this a secret .
The media cant find out .
Are you okay with that ? My cheek flushed again , and I felt a pain in my chest from his words .
He saved me from being Ethans dirty little secret … but now he was making me his .noveldrama
Yeah , I ultimately said .
Im okay with that .
###Take 126
I looked around the large room and when I felt movement beside me , I turned , and my body relaxed when I saw a sleeping , Gavin .
After the Gala last night and after we decided , we were going to date or whatever it was we were going to do , he took me back to his Villa and we had sex in his bed until late into the night .
I ended up falling asleep and apparently , he did too .
My body warmed at the sight of him , we were both still naked and my heart skipped a beat when his movements caused the blankets to lower on his body , revealing to me his incredible abs .
I just wanted to run my tongue down his body but then I bit the inside of my cheeks and cursed myself for those thoughts .
I was about to slide out of bed and grab some clothes , but his hand wrapped around my wrist , stopping me .
I was startled to see that his eyes were now open , and he was staring at me with his dark scrutiny .noveldrama
Where do you think youre going ? He asked in a sultry tone , making my cheeks blush .
Before I could comprehend what was happening , he was pulling me into him , but then flipping our positions so he was on top of me .
I squealed at the sudden motion , but it was halted when his lips came crashing down onto mine .
Even in the morning , he tasted so good .
Were you trying to sneak out ? He asked against my lips , nibbling at my bottom lip .
I have class , I told him , pressing against his chest , though I wasnt really struggling all that hard .
I need to go , and I wanted to run home first so I can shower .
He raised his brow .
I have a perfectly good shower here , he told me , kissing me softly .
My cheeks flushed as I melted into his kiss ; I would never get enough of that .
And change my clothes ? Ill have one of my maids raid Irenes closet , he told me , running his lips down the nape of my neck .
She isnt home anyways .
A shiver ran up my spine and I couldnt help but squirm beneath him .
Where is she ? I asked breathlessly , trying to distract myself .
1 Is that really what you want to talk about right now ? He asked , nipping at my shoulder .
I yelled , and surprisingly , it made him laugh as he flipped us back over , so I was now straddling him .
It wasnt often that I heard him laughing .
It was a nice sound , and I wanted to hear more of it .
Havent you had enough of me last night , Alpha Landry ? I asked teasingly , this time , it was me who kissed him .
He deepened the kiss , swiping his tongue across my bottom lip until I parted my lips for him As he tasted me , I couldnt help but moan into his mouth .
When he broke the kiss, it was too soon , and it left me craving more .
Chapter 0127 When Ive had enough of you , Ill you know , he said peppering and kissing down the nape of my neck .
The thought of him ever having enough of me left me feeling unsettled , but I swallowed it down into the pit of my stomach and patted his chest .
I really do have to get dressed , I told him .
He sighed and released me .
Fine , he murmured .
But Im showering with you .
Wha- I couldnt get the word out of my mouth because he was already lifting me over his shoulder and carrying me like a fireman into the bathroom as I squealed .
You have to tell me about the Gala ! Nan said as we met up in the student lounge of the campus .
I had to suffer through two morning classes with only a few hours of sleep and when I saw the waiting coffee on the table , I could have kissed her .
Youre a saint , I said , grabbing the cup of coffee and bringing it to my lips .
She grinned .
I had a feeling youd need it .
Galas run late , she told me as I sat beside her .
So , tell me all about it .
It started off fine , I told her , taking another sip of the coffee .
But then it got bad .
She frowned and lifted her gaze to meet mine , the concern evident in her eyes .
What do you mean by that ? She asked , frowning .
I sighed as I took another long sip of the coffee , trying to figure out how much I should tell her and if I should just tell her about the part about Walter … or both Walter and Gavin .
I mean she was my best friend , and I didnt like keeping secrets from her .
But Gavin asked me not to say anything and I had to respect his wishes .
Walter asked me to be his girlfriend , I told her .
She gaped .
What ? Thats incredible , Judy ! She cooed .
But then she frowned again and narrowed her eyes .
You dont seem happy .
I shook my head and gave her a pathetic shrug .
Im not , I muttered .
I told him that I wasnt ready to put myself out there like that .
I told him I thought of him more like a friend and nothing more .
I never meant to hurt him … but he was upset .
###Take 127
C ter 0128 She was quiet for a moment as she took a sip of lier own coffee .
Theres nothing wrong with being friends .
I mean , lie has to understand that your fated mate left you for another woman only recently .
You are still heartbroken , and your wolf is healing , she told me .
You cant be too hard on yourself , and he cant be too hard on you .
I bit my lip and stared down at the brown liquid , my cheeks flushing at the memory .
Why do I feel like theres more to the story ? She suddenly asked , taking in my sour expression .
Because there is , I murmured , pecking up at her through my lashes .
He was so angry , Nan .
I was so scared , and I tried to get away .
Things were sald… and lines were crossed .
Lines were crossed ? She asked and I could feel her rising irritation .
Did he hurt you  I chewed the inside of my cheek , not able to say the words .
OH , my Goddess ! She nearly screamed .
He did , didnt he ?! Not so loud , Nan ! I pleaded , grabbing her arm to settle her down .
I dont want this to get out .
Im going to fucking kill that asshole ! She hissed and was seconds away from standing up , but I pulled her back down , not wanting her to make any stupid decisions .
Gavin is already dealing with it … She froze and stared at me with wide eyes .
Gavin ? Gavin Landry ? She asked .
I nodded .
He saw me walking last night and he pulled over to give me a ride … I told her .
It was half the truth b I wasnt going to tell her the entire story .
He figured out what happened , and he promised me that Walter wont hurt me again .
She raised her brows and then a smile tipped the corner of her lips .
Alpha Gavin Landry is protecting you ? She asked .
My cheeks blushed and I stared down at my hands .
Yes , I answered , not able to look her in the eyes .
Why do I feel like theres more to it- I have to get to my next class , I said quickly , jumping to my feet .
Thanks for the coffee .
I grabbed my bag and my coffee and hurried towards the doorway .
Okay , but we arent done with this conversation ! She shouted after me .
I waved at her without looking at her and hurried to my next class .
By the end of my last class of the day , I was covered in sweat and exhausted .noveldrama
I was kind of relieved when Chapter 0120 I didnt run into Nan as I made my way to the front of the school .
Before I could grab my phone to call for an Uber , a car pulled up in front of me , making me freeze .
The back window rolled down and Gavin smirked at me .
Get in , he ordered .
I opened my mouth to protest , looking around to make sure no one was watching .
Dont make me beg , he murmured .
Get in the car .
My heart skipped a beat , but I did as he said and got into the car .
Before I could put my seatbelt on , was grabbing me , pulling me in , and his lips were covering mine in a sweet and passionate kiss .
he Third Person POV A couple of weeks had passed since the Gala and Irene had been a mess .
Ethan found it hard to maintain her .
I t believe he just left without saying a word to me , Irene pouted one night as she snuggled into bed with Ethan .
He literally left the country and said nothing ! Im sure it was because of an emergency , Ethan told her , sighing .
He will call you when hes ready .
Its been like that for weeks ; she would cry over her cousin leaving without a word and Ethan would attempt to comfort her .
Though , his mind wasnt truly in it .
His mind was with Judy .
Shes been different these last couple of weeks .
Ethan had noticed how she was practically glowing .
Whenever he spotted her , she was either with Gavin , or training with Matthew and Gavin would be sitting outside , watching them .
Ethan noticed the quick looks that Judy would give Gavin and the small blush that crept along her cheeks .
He noticed the smirk on Gavins lips whenever their eyes locked .
Sometimes Ethan would catch them speaking softly to one another but when they noticed him standing nearby , they would break apart and talk only about business .
It left Ethan feeling unsettled as he watched the two of them together .
Later that same evening , Ethan went to get Irene and take her out on a date to get her mind off Walters betrayal , but he froze when he saw Gavin and Judy in the corner just in front of the back doors .
It was clear she had just finished with training and was probably leaving .
He smiled down at her and Ethans heart fell into his stomach when he watched Gavin tuck a strand of hair behind Judys hair .
It was a small gesture , but it was still so intimate .
Had Judy truly moved on already ?
###Take 128
22 Chapter 0129 Chapter 0129 Judys POV Hey , Dad ! Are you going to watch us practice again today ? Matt asked eagerly as Gavin joined us in the parlor .
It had been a couple of weeks since our arrangement and things have been going way better than I thought .
A few times , Ethan had almost caught us .
We old ourselves that we needed to be more careful around the house and maybe keep the display of affection to a minimum during the daylight .
But he still picks me up from college and brings me to his Villa .
At least twice a week Ive been sleeping here , in Gavins bed , but he takes me home early in the morning so nobody would suspect anythin The only thing that truly changed in front of others was the fact that Gavin now joined Matt and me during our training sessions outside , and sometimes even in the parlor during our academic tutoring sessions .
Matt has loved it and I loved seeing that smile on his face .
He hasnt gotten in trouble at school since Gavin started to pay more attention to him and could tell his spirit has been up .
Would that be okay ? Gavin asked , sitting in one of the nearby chairs .
Yes ! Matt said happily , a smile lighting up his face .
Gavin smiled at the young boy before his eyes lifted and met mine ; my heart skipped a beat .
Would that be okay with you ? He asked me , raising his brows playfully .
He was getting a rise out of the fact that he was making me blush .
I wouldnt want to interrupt or anything I have no complaints , Mr.
Landry .
But I might put you to work , I told him , winking as I stood to my feet .
I turned to Matt who was grinning from ear to ear Want to practice what I taught you the other day ? He jumped to his feet and laughed .
Yes , he answered .
He grabbed my hand and then grabbed Gavins hand , pulling him to his feet .
Lets go ! We followed Matt outside , letting him drag us along .
I glanced up at Gavin and saw him smiling ; it was refreshing to see him smiling like this and it did something to my insides .
Once we reached the training grounds , Matt released our hands and ran to grab some of the weapons out of the chest .
So , what exactly did you teach him ? Gavin asked from beside me .
I smirked up at him and folded my arms across my chest .
Youll see , I said as I stepped away from him .
Matt grabbed a few of the daggers and faced a nearby tree ; I stared up at the giant tree , which made Gavin also look up at the tree .
One by one , Matt threw daggers at the tree , causing pinecones and acorns to fall from the branches .
They showered around us , making Gavin dodge away from them , confusion flashing across his face .
And then he tumbled to the ground as Matt punched him in the stomach and stepped on his throat , Chapter 0129 aiming his arrow at his face .
Gavins eyes grew large with surprise and then I laughed .
I taught him the element of a surprise distraction , old him .
And the perfect spot to punch anyone ; even the toughest.
It makes them fall to their knees every time .
Gavin raised his brows as he looked at me and then he grinned .noveldrama
He grabbed Matts leg and pulled him to the ground , tackling him .
He was careful not to hurt Matt , but rough enough to take him down and for him to know that Gavin was stronger and in charge .
Matt gasped as Gavin easily disarmed him , and just as Gavin had him pinned , Matt broke into laughter .
The two of them wrestled like a couple of boys and it warmed my heart to watch the father and son duo .
I was so distracted by the scene in front of me that I didnt notice Ethan standing nearby until he grabbed my arm and yanked me away .
###Take 129
Chapter 0130 Ethan , what the hell are you doing ? I gasped as he pulled me further away from Gavin and Matt .
He stopped walking when we reached a more wooded and shaded area , and he caged me against the tree with his arms .
What am I doing ? What the hell do you think youre doing ? Whats going on between you and Gavin  He asked through his teeth .
I stared at him with shock all over my face .
Are you out of your mind ? I asked him .
What right do you have to question me ? You are engaged to another woman ! I attempted to shove him away from me , but he was too strong and stood his ground .
He closed the gap between us , so his body was now pinning me against the tree .
At one point , this would have made my legs weak , and I would gush over his nearness , but now I couldnt stand how close he was to me .
And werent you just dating another man not too long ago ? He asked .
What happened there ? Did you drive him away because you couldnt get enough of Gavin Landry  Let me go , Ethan , I said , trying to wiggle away from him .
You have no right to question me ! Go be with your fiancé ! I never thought you were such a slut ! You are shameless Mr.
Cash , I hissed .
Leave me alone .noveldrama
This isnt any of your concern .
My relationship with Gavin is none of your business .
We are broken up .
You are still mine , Judy Montague .
Dont ever forget that ! He growled .
In your dreams , I said in a low and cruel tone .
Just as he opened his mouth to say something else , he was ripped off me .
He gasped as he turned around .
to face a very pissed off Gavin Without hesitation , Gavin punched him in the stomach , making Ethan fall to the ground .
My heart leaped in my throat as Gavin grabbed Ethan by the shirt and yanked him to his feet , shoving him against the tree .
Why cant you behave ? Gavin growled Every time turn around you are causing trouble for Judy ! You are engaged to my daughter , do I need to be worried about your dedication to her  N.no , Alpha Of course not ! I love your daughter .
I mean no disrespect , Ethan stammered .
Wwe were just having an innocent conversation .
you pestering It didnt look so innocent to me .
You had her pressed against a tree ! The next time I see Judy , I will make your life a living hell and you can forget about ever becoming an Alpha .
Do I make myself clear , Ethan Cash ? Y.
yes of course .
he stammered , his face growing redder by the second .
Gavin released him , and he slumped helplessly against the tree .
Gavin looked at me and his expression Chapter 0130 Ethan , what the hell are you doing ? I gasped as he pulled me further away from Gavin and Matt .
He stopped walking when we reached a more wooded and shaded area , and he caged me against the tree with his arms .
What am I doing ? What the hell do you think youre doing ? Whats going on between you and Gavin  He asked through his teeth .
I stared at him with shock all over my face .
Are you out of your mind ? I asked him .
What right do you have to question me ? You are engaged to another woman ! I attempted to shove him away from me , but he was too strong and stood his ground .
He closed the gap between us , so his body was now pinning me against the tree .
At one point , this would have made legs weak , and I would gush over his nearness , but now I couldnt stand how close he was to me .
my And werent you just dating another man not too long ago ? He asked .
What happened there ? Did you drive him away because you couldnt get enough of Gavin Landry  Let me go , Ethan , I said , trying to wiggle away from him .
You have no right to question me ! Go be with your fiancé ! I never thought you were such a slut ! You are shameless Mr.
Cash , I hissed .
Leave me alone .
This isnt any of your concern .
My relationship with Gavin is none of your business .
We are broken up .
You are still mine , Judy Montague .
Dont ever forget that ! He growled .
In your dreams , I said in a low and cruel tone .
Just as he opened his mouth to say something else , he was ripped off me .
He gasped as he turned around to face a very pissed off Gavin .
Without hesitation , Gavin punched him in the stomach , making Ethan fall to the ground .
My heart leaped in my throat as Gavin grabbed Ethan by the shirt and yanked him to his feet , shoving him against the tree .
Why cant you behave ? Gavin growled .
Every time turn around you are causing trouble for Judy ! You are engaged to my daughter ; do I need to be worried about your dedication to her N … no , Alpha .
Of course not ! I love your daughter .
I mean no disrespect , Ethan stammered .
W … we were just having an innocent conversation .
It didnt look so innocent to me .
You had her pressed against a tree ! The next time I see you pestering Judy , I will make your life a living hell and you can forget about ever becoming an Alpha .
Do I make myself clear , Ethan Cash ? Y … yes … of course … he stammered , his face growing redder by the second .
Gavin released him , and he slumped helplessly against the tree .
Gavin looked at me and his expression 1/2 Chapter 0680 softened .
Are you okay ? He asked me .
I nodded , but my entire body trembled .
He took hold of my arm and pulled me towards me .
Go Inside and get cleaned up , he told me softly .
I nodded and looked over his shoulder at Matt who was staring wide eyed at us .
Did Matt see that ? I asked in a hushed whisper .
He must have been frightened .
Ill deal with it , he assured .
Ill meet you in my room .
Just make sure no one sees you .
I nodded and glanced at him , grateful for his presence Thank you , I whispered , he winked at me , and I quickly dispersed from the area , saying a quick goodbye to Matt before I went inside .
Third Person POV Irene was about to go outside to look for Ethan .
He told her he was going to speak with her father about something , but he had been gone for a while .
She reached the back door but froze at the window when she saw what was happening in the far distance .
Ethan and Judy were against a tree and his body was pressed against hers .
The position looked far too intimate .
Her entire heart shattered in a second … she knew something was going on between them , but she believed them when they said it was nothing .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 130
Chapter 0131 How stupid she was for trusting them .
A furlous rage and pit of Jealousy bubbled in her stomach .
She bit her lip , keeping her tears away .noveldrama
She watched as her father noticed what was happening and he stormed over to them , pulling Ethan off Judy and punching him in the stomach .
Irene wanted to go to Ethan to make sure he was okay but she couldnt bring herself to move .
She was frozen in place , unable to take her eyes off the man she fell so desperately in love with .
She was so wrapped up staring at Ethan that she barely noticed when Judy walked back into the house .
Irene … Judy breathed .
I didnt know you were here … Um … hello Judy , Irene said with a tight lipped smil .
I was just looking for Ethan .
Have you seen him ? Judy glanced over her shoulder out the door and then turned back to Irene with her own fake smile .
I think hes speaking with your father , she said , looking a bit awkward .
Is everything okay ? Irene stared at her for a moment ; she thought Judy was her friend .
How wrong was she ? Was she really going to look her in the eyes and lie to her ? She desperately wanted to know what was going on between Judy and her fiancé .
Her heart was aching at the very thought and it took everything she had not to burst into tears .
She had given up so much for Ethan , including her dignity .
She made such a fuss about being with him and made herself look foolish in front of her father .
Now it seemed as if it was crumbling down around her and there was nothing , she could do about it .
Yeah , Irene lied , forcing another smile , feeling helpless and more alone than ever .
Im fine … um … Ethans family is having their annual barbeque tomorrow night .
Im a little nervous about it .
I never met them before .
Judy nodded , looking a bit uneasy .
They are an interesting bunch .
They never liked me , Judy admitted , gaining Irenes attention .
But my family goes to their barbeque every year .
A light bulb went off in Irenes head .
Maybe if Irene could impress Ethans family and make them like her better than they like Judy , then Ethan would see that Irene is the right choice for him and he could finally leave Judy alone ! But she needed Judy to be there so Ethan could see the comparison .
Oh , thats too bad , Irene said with a pout .
Why dont they like you ? Judy looked startled by the question .
Oh , Im not sure .
They are pretty stuck up and if you dont fit their image then they wont like you , she said with a shrug .
Its no big deal .
Youll be at the barbeque tomorrow , right ? she asked .
You said your family goes every year .
Yeah , but I think we might skip this year given the circumstances with my father , she said , twiddling with her fingers nervously .
benter plates Trene grabbed her hand .
I dont want to go there alone , Judy .
Please tell me youll be there … she begged .
Judy blushed and stepped away , You wont be alone … youll be with Ethan , she told Trene .
Im sure youll be fine- I need someone who will be on my side if things go south , she told me .
I could really use your support .
We are friends … arent we ? Judy was quiet for a moment and then she sighed , relenting with a nod .
Yes , she said softly .
We are friends .
So , youll be there ? Irene asked , her eyes large with hope .
For me ? Judy forced a smile .
Ill be there .
###Take 131
Chapter 0132 Judys POV You agreed to do what  Gavin asked , folding his arms across his chest as he glared at me .
I sat on his bed , with my head down .
Why would you agree to go to that barbeque ? Because Irene asked , I told him .
Shes my friend , Gavin .
She needed me to be there … so Ill be there .
He sighed , running his fingers through his hair .
Let me go with you , he said after a moment of pause I stood to my feet and closed the gap between us , wrapping my arms around his neck I like that he wanted to go and protect me , but it wasnt a plausible solution .
It would only make a scene and reveal our special relationship .
And how would we explain that ? I asked him .
We would have to come up with an excuse as to why you are there defending me , Gavin .
I dont think its a good idea .
He sighed and wrapped his arms around my waist , pulling me close to him .
I was invited , you know .
Im invited every year , but I never attend , he murmured .
This surprised me .
I peeked up at him .
Ifv f you feel like you must attend , then attend .
But I want to prove to myself that I can handle this on my own without you intervening .
Plus , I doubt Irene wants your presence there .
This is supposed to be her moment .
You being there takes the attention away from her , I told him .
He nodded and pressed his forehead against mine .
Youre right .
I dont like it .
But youre right .
But if he gives you any issues- Ill call you , I assured him .
I stood on my toes and kissed his lips .
Mr.
Protective .
.
He rolled his eyes , but I could see a hint of a smile on his lips .
Thats me , he murmured .
Always the protector .
He deepened the kiss and then pulled me into his bed where we made love for most of the night before falling asleep .
Where have you been ? My mother asked as I walked down the steps of the house .
It was late morning , and I had gotten home a few hours ago from Gavins villa .
I managed to get a few more hours of sleep before waking up for the day .
I wanted to get here and act as if I had been here all night before my mother woke up , but apparently , she had noticed my absence .
I just woke up , I told her , rubbing the sleep out of my eyes .
You hadnt been home all night , she told me , folding her arms across her chest .
Dont think I didnt hear you coming home early this morning .
Youve been like this for weeks , Judy .
You stay out all night and return in the morning .
Π 12 Chapter 0132 My cheeks flushed at her words .
So , she had noticed .
I bit my lower lip and glanced at the ground .
She studied me for a moment before her eyes grew wide .
Are you seeing someone ? She asked .
What ? No , of course not .
Is it Ethan ? She suddenly asked , making my blood go cold .
I could see the hopefulness in her eyes .
Did you two reconcile ? No , Mom , I told her , bursting her bubble .
Ethans engaged to someone else … remember ? She sighed and rubbed her temples as if she were gaining a headache .
Well , I hoped seeming hes your fated mate and all that you both came to your senses .
But I guess thats not the case .
Anyway , we are going to the Cash family barbeque tonight , so just make sure you are on your best behavior .
I frowned at her and folded my arms across my chest .
Im not the one you should be worrying about , I told her .
She rolled her eyes .
Honesty , Judy .
Its an attitude like that that gets you in trouble , she murmured .
Im going to ask them for some help paying your fathers debt , so I need tonight to go well .
My mouth dropped open .
Mom , we dont need their money , I told her .
I already told you that Ill take care of it .
And I appreciate that , sweetie .
I truly do .
But your father cant stay another minute in that awful prison .
My wolf has been taking all the pain hes been feeling and my heart breaks for her .
We need our mate back and safe and my last hope right now is the Cash family .
They are rich enough that they could help us .
It doesnt hurt to ask His family isnt nice , I reminded her .
Theyve never treated our family kindly no matter how much you and Dad tried to suck up to them .
They looked at us like we were bottom of the barrel trash and not even worth polishing their shoes .
That isnt true , my mother told me .
His mother , Meredith , had always been kind to me and his grandmother as well .
They are friends , Judy .
They will help us if asked .
Todays Bonus Offer GET IT NOW Chapter 0132 Judys POV You agreed to do what  Gavin asked , folding his arms across his chest as he glared at me .
I sat on his bed , with my head down .
Why would you agree to go to that barbeque ? Because Irene asked , I told him .
Shes my friend , vin .
She needed me to be there … so Ill be there .
He sighed , running his fingers through his hair .
Let me go with you , he said after a moment of pause I stood to my feet and closed the gap between us , wrapping my arms around his neck .
I like that he wanted to go and protect me , but it wasnt a plausible solution .
It would only make a scene and reveal our special relationship .
And how would we explain that ? I asked him .
We would have to come up with an excuse as to why you are there defending me , Gavin .
I dont think its a good idea .
He sighed and wrapped his arms around my waist , pulling me close to him .
I was invited , you know .
Im invited every year , but never attend , he murmured .
This surprised me .
I peeked up at him , If you feel like you must attend , then attend .
But I want to prove to myself that I can handle this on my own without you intervening .
Plus , I doubt Irene wants your presence there .
This is supposed to be her moment .
You being there takes the attention away from her , I told him .
He nodded and pressed his forehead against mine .
Youre right .
I dont like it .
But youre right .
But if he gives you any issues- Ill call you , I assured him .
I stood on my toes and kissed his lips .
Mr.
Protective .
He rolled his eyes , but I could see a hint of a smile on his lips .
Thats me , he murmured .
Always the protector .
He deepened the kiss and then pulled me into his bed where we made love for most of the night before falling asleep .
Where have you been ? My mother asked as I walked down the steps of the house .
It was late morning , and I had gotten home a few hours ago from Gavins villa .
I managed to get a few more hours of sleep before waking up for the day .
I wanted to get here and act as if I had been here all night before my mother woke up , but apparently , she had noticed my absence .noveldrama
I just woke up , I told her , rubbing the sleep out of my eyes .
You hadnt been home all night , she told me , folding her arms across her chest .
Dont think I didnt hear you coming home early this morning .
Youve been like this for weeks , Judy .
You stay out all night and return in the morning .
###Take 132
Chapter 0133 I dont trust them , Mom , I told her .
They arent good people … Well , I just dont believe that , she said , shaking her head .
I sighed ; there was no point in arguing with her .
I knew I wouldnt be able to change her mind .
After a while , I gave up on the conversation and made my mother and me some lunch before we got dressed for the barbeque .
I settled on a skirt and a blouse .
It was a designer skirt , so hopefully they wont comment on my clothes .
I braided my hair and applied some makeup to make my features pop .
By the time I was finished dressing for the event , it was time to leave .
My mother drove us in her car , and it didnt take long to get to the Cash family manor .
It was huge and there were a couple of guest houses off to the side .
If they truly wanted to , they could easily pay off my fathers debt and make things okay again for my family .
But they were greedy and would never help us without there being a secret motive behind it .
I just hoped my mother was careful with whatever she agreed to .
My mother walked through the manor as if she owned the place ; she had her head held high and I admired that .
She didnt look as if she spent a month in bed ; she looked as if nothing was wrong .
She wore one of her designer dresses and her hair was tied in a neat pony , flowing evenly down her back .
She wore heels that made her legs look great and makeup that made her look professional and dashing .
We reached the back patio where the barbeque was happening ; the Cash family had a huge yard with an attached garden which I knew Ethans mother loved, and a pool yard , where his sister , Kelsey , usually hung out .
They usually invite most of the pack to their annual barbeque so they can see how well off they live .
They also invite the riches from other packs as well , including Gavin apparently .
Part of me hoped that hed show up … but another part hoped that he didnt .
It would be weird for him to suddenly make an appearance , especially now that his daughter is marrying into the family .
Irene would have felt as if he was following her or watching her .
This was her first time meeting Ethans family and truthfully , I wanted it to go well for her .noveldrama
I didnt want them to treat her like they treated me .
Judy ! You made it ! I heard the familiar voice of Irene as she rushed over to me .
I saw the large smile spread across her face , and she quickly wrapped her arms around me to hug me before stepping back .
You look lovely .
You look great too , I told her , hating how true that was .
Irene did look stunning in her black backless dress that showed off her cleavage perfectly and her long flowing blond hair cascading around her shoulders and down her back .
She didnt need to wear a lot of makeup to make her features pop , and her smile was brighter than the sun .
My stomach twisted and through my minds eye , I could see my wolf lowering her head .
This was the woman our mate left us for ; through my haste with Gavin , I almost forgot about that fact .
I shouldnt let it bother me , but in a way , it still kind of hurts .
Whenever they are kissing or remotely intimate , the mark on my neck burns and itll keep me awake at night .
I couldnt imagine what itll feel like once they officially have sex .
Ive been here for a couple of hours , and Ive gotten to know his family , she told me , looping her arm through mine and walking me towards the crowd of people .
My mother had already disappeared , and I 1/2 Chapter 0133 could see Ethan speaking with a group of men , including his father .
What do you think of them ? I asked , bracing for her to tell me how awful they were .
Oh , they were so wonderful .
I cant imagine them being mean to anyone honestly .
Especially his sister , she breathed lovingly .
I cant wait to marry into this family .
I frowned .
Kelsey was Ethans 18 year old sister , and she was worse than them all .
I was glad they didnt treat Irene badly , probably because she was a Landry , but it still hurt knowing she fit in better than I ever did .
I bit the inside of my cheek , though , and chose not to say anything in response .
Well look what the wet dog dragged in , a crude voice sald from nearby .
You have a lot of nerve showing your face here .
22 Chapter 0134
###Take 133
Chapter 0134 Judys POV You are such trash , Judy Montague .
Why the hell are you at my familys barbeque ? Kelsey asked , folding her arms across her busty chest , her pink lips gressed into a thin line as she glared at me .
If I remember correctly , the entire pack is invited , Kelsey .
So , whats the problem ? I asked her , narrowing my eyes .
I wasnt going to let her bully me , especially because I was only there as a favor to Irene .
I didnt need to deal with Kelsey right now , That doesnt include you , Slut , she barked .
Was she seriously calling me the slut when Ethan was the one who left me for someone else ? It wasnt the other way around so Im not sure what shes insinuating Its pathetic that you just let showed your face here .
Trying to beg Ethan to return to you ? Cant you him go and let him be happy ? He found someone worthy of his time and love .
Irene fits in perfectly with our family .
Weve only known her for a little bit , but shes already the perfect sister in law .
Im not here to beg for Ethan , I murmured .
Im only here to support my friend .
Yeah right , Kelsey said mockingly .
I highly doubt you are here to support anyone but yourself .
You are pathetic , Judy .
Whats going on ? Ethan asked as he stepped beside his sister .
You arent making trouble again , are you Kels ? He asked her .
She frowned up at him and narrowed her icy blue eyes .
Of course not , Ethan .
Im only looking out for you .
Im not letting this bitch weasel her way back into your life when you have fully moved on from her , she said sourly .
Ethan sighed and ran his fingers through his hair .
I dont need you to look out for me .
Im more than capable of doing so myself , he assured her .
She rolled her eyes .
Im your sister ; its my job to protect you , she complained .
You are my little sister , he reminded her .
Please , dont make any more trouble for yourself or for me .
She scowled at him but before she could say anything , Irene intervened .
Kelsey was only doing what she thought was right , trene said gently , shocking me .
Was she seriously standing up for Kelsey after what she had said to me ? I thought Irene wanted me here because I was her friend , but the way she had Kelseys back was making me doubt my friendship with her .
He wrapped an arm around Irenes shoulder and pulled her close .
She snuggled against him as he kissed the side of her face , his eyes flickering over to me for a moment , making my blood run cold .
I shifted in my shoes uncomfortably , trying to avoid his eyes though I could feel them burning a hole in the side of my face .
Chapter 0134 I want to introduce you to some friends , he murmured to him .
She nodded and then glanced at me .
Ill see you momentarily , she told me .
I nodded , forcing a smile as she walked away with Ethans hand in hers .
He gave me one last look before turning his attention to the group of friends across the yard .
Judy ? I heard a familiar voice in close proximity .
I turned to see Meredith Cash walking towards me .
She had a frown on her lips and when she paused in front of me , her perfectly trimmed brows were raised .
I wasnt expecting to see you here this evening .
She wants to get back with Ethan , so she showed up , Kelsey sald with a scowl .
Is that so ? Meredith asked , her eyes never left mine .
Well , Im afraid thats not going to happen .
My Ethan is much happier with his fiancé .
Irene is such a doll , and she fits into our family way better than you ever did .
Thats what Ive been telling her , Kelsey said , a smirk on her pink lips .
In comparison to Irene , Judy is nothing .
I opened my mouth to say something in my defense , but I wasnt sure what I could say .
Theyve always been like this towards me for as long as Ive known them .
It didnt make any sense to me ; I had no idea why they hated me so much .
I honestly think it was because theyve always been intimidated by my family and have been waiting for our downfall so they could come out on top .
But now that they are on top , they think its appropriate to snub us and make us feel as if we are nothing but trash .
My heart twisted ; Ethan was my fated mate ….
I was the one who was wronged by their son .
Yet , they dont seem to see it like this .
It was a cruel reminder to both me and my wolf that we dont belong in this family and we never would .
Even if Ethan accepted me as his mate , it would always be like this .
Irene is very rich , and her father is insanely famous , Meredith went on to boast .
I cant believe my Ethan is marrying into the Landry family .
Which means our families are now connected .
This couldnt have worked out more perfectly .
Not to mention Alpha Gavin Landry is so hot , Kelsey purred , making my insides twist .noveldrama
Kelsey , thats enough .
Hes old enough to be your father , Meredith chuckled .
We invited him to the party , as we do every year .
I wonder if hell show up this time because his daughter is here .
I cant wait to officially meet him and make our debut in his family .
We are going to be the most popular family in the country .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 134
Chapter 0135 Meredith and Kelsey chuckled and continued their banter .
It was as if they had forgotten I was there .
What is that foul smell , another voice said from nearby .
I froze at the sound of that voice .
Oh … its you .
I turned to see Sophia , Ethans grandmother , approaching us .
Why are you here ? Shouldnt you be licking your wounds or something ? My grandson left you for someone much better .
Dont tell me youre here to get him back ? Im not here for that , Grandma , I told her , trying to sound as polite as I could .
Regardless of how cruel Grandma Sophia was , I was always taught to treat my elderly with respect , and I wouldnt treat her less .
any Dont call me that , she hissed .
Im not your grandmother .
I never would be .
Even if my grandson chose to marry you .
Im glad he came to his senses .
You were never good enough for him .
I knew your family was bad news the second I met you .
Η I frowned at her words .
She always had a good relationship with my mother and father , so I wasnt sure why she was saying such cruel words about them now , Its only right that your father landed himself in prison , Meredith said , folding her arms across her chest .
He was a slimeball from the beginning .
I always wondered how he got to the top and now I know … he didnt deserve any of it .
My cheeks flared as anger rose inside of me ; they could say what they wanted about me … but when it came to my family , they had crossed the line .
Hes barely her father , Kelsey chuckled .
Remember, shes an adopted orphan because her birth parents didnt want her .
Shes a nobody … a loser … she will always be abandoned by those around her .noveldrama
They all chuckled at Kelseys words as I felt my heart breaking into pieces .
I shouldnt let their words affect me like this .
I was training to be a gamma warrior for crying out loud .
But I couldnt help but feel some pieces of truth in them .
I was abandoned … I was abandoned by almost everyone in my life except for my mother .
She had always been my rock , and I worried since my father had gone to prison and my mother fell into that deep depression that I was going to lose her too .
But thankfully she seemed to be snapping out of her depressive state , and I had her back .
Now I just needed to get my father back .
Its not like he meant to abandon me … he was in prison against his will .
But I still felt as if he had left our family , leaving me to pick up the broken pieces .
I glanced over to see my mother speaking with a couple of packmates ; they were chuckling at whatever they were saying .
Then , my eyes wandered over to Irene and Ethan .
He was introducing her to a few of his friends ; the same friends who had once welcomed me into their circle and treated me kindly .
Now they had given me the cold shoulder and those who I thought were my actual friends stopped taking my phone calls .
The only one who stuck by side through this entire thing was Nan and she never liked Ethan to begin with .
I should have just listened to her when she told me that Ethan was no good and that I deserved better .
1/2 Chapter 0135 Hes my fated mate , Nan ! I had told her during one of our arguments .
I love him .
Hes the one the Goddess had chosen for me .
But I get a bad vibe from him , Judy .
I need you to trust me .
Something is going on with him , she had told me .
I ignored her then .
I didnt know it at the time , but that was when he was actively trying to woo Irene .
My heart ached at the memory , and I let my shoulders sulk slightly .
Look at her … she knows shes no good and now shes lost in thought , Kelsey laughed .
Are you going to cry about it now ? I lifted my gaze to meet hers .
Shedding tears over someone as heartless and idioticas your brother would be pitiful , I said through my teeth .
I have too much pride to allow him to damper my mood .
Im glad hes with someone like Irene , maybe she can finally tame him .
As for you , Im not sure anyone can tame you .
Your cruel words disgust me and its a shame to think I spent so long trying to get on your good side .
Im glad Im not marrying into your family .
They all gasped at my words .
You bitch ! Meredith hissed .
Then I felt the cold liquid splashing onto my face and dripping onto my blouse .
I gasped when I tasted the red wine on my lips , and I turned to see Kelsey scowling at me with her empty wine glass .
Sophia laughed and Meredith smirked , folding her arms across her chest .
Dont you ever speak to me like that again ! Kelsey growled .
What exactly is going on here ? I heard a deep voice from behind me and my entire body felt like it was on fire as my cheeks burned with embarrassment .
My wolf immediately perked up upon hearing that voice because we both knew who it belonged to .
###Take 135
Chapter 0136 Judys POV And who do you think you are ? Meredith asked , raising her brows at the man standing behind me .noveldrama
This is a private party , Sophia chimed in .
You werent invited .
This is a pack party and you are not pack , Meredith added , rolling her eyes .
Hes handsome though .
Maybe he should stay, Kelsey purred , batting her lashes .
My stomach twisted and I fought the urge to growl at her .
I felt a warm hand on my shoulder , and my entire body seemed to immediately respond to the touch .
I felt myself relaxing and releasing a breath I hadnt known Iwas holding .
Are you okay ? Gavin asked me .
I glanced up at him and I could see the concern in his eyes .
I nodded at him , despite my heart feeling heavy in my chest .
Oh , please , Kelsey laughed .
Dont tell me you brought a callboy to the pack barbeque .
Thats a new low even for you .
You seriously had to hire someone to be your date this evening ? Meredith asked , shaking her head at me .
Thats truly disgusting .
Pardon ? Gavin asked , raising his brows .
Gavin was dressed casually , and it made my heart flutter .
He was barely recognizable without his suit , but he was still so handsome .
He also hadnt really been in the media as of late , so it didnt surprise me that he wasnt recognized at first .
I stayed silent , not sure what to say , watching as Ethans family made a fool out of themselves .
Gavin had a deep frown on his lips as he observed the cash family and their treatment of me .
I cant believe she even bothered to show up at all … but with a male prostitute ? Sophia asked , her lip curled in disgust .
You are a shameless woman ! Is this how you treat your guests ? Gavin asked , his brow raised to his hairline .
With this much disrespect .
Whos responsible for the wine on her clothes ? Its honestly fine , I said , grabbing onto his arm .
I think it was a mistake to come here .
I would like to leave now .
Not until I find out whos responsible for this , he said , his voice low and sending warmth to form on my cheeks She deserved it after what she said to me , Kelsey said , folding her arms across her chest .
I bet you didnt know that she was engaged to marry my brother .
He didnt want her , just like her birth parents didnt want her .
You are wasting your time with this one , sir .
Shes an abandoned orphan and nobody in their right mind would ever want her .
Im glad my brother came to his senses .
You should come to yours soon too .
Is that right ? He asked , his voice having a rather dangerous edge to it and I felt the chill run up my 1/2 25 BUNUS Chapter 0136 spine .
How much is she paying you to be here ? Kelsey continued to flirt .
Ill pay you double if you come with me right now .
Kelsey Cash ! Meredith scolded , but she had amusement in her eyes .
You are only 18 and this man is old enough to be your father .
You arent as shameless as Judy here .
You dont need to pay anyone to be your escort .
Oh , but mother .
Look at him , hes so hot , Kelsey pured .
He can do so much better than that bitch .
Her family is broke ; if she promised you any kind of money , I promise youll never see it .
But I can offer you cash up front .
And you believe I need your money ? Gavin asked .
Look , I dont know who you are .
But this a family matter , Meredith said , glaring at Gavin as if he was nothing but a bug on the bottom of her shoe .
So , if you dont mind , we were just having a discussion .
There is wine on her clothes ; what part of that was the discussion ? Gavin asked ; his aura growing darker .
I was surprised that Ethans family hadnt noticed it , but he was getting more dangerous by the second and I knew he was holding himself back , not wanting to make a scene .
She was disrespectful towards our family , Meredith said , narrowing her eyes at me .
It seems to me that you are the ones who are disrespectful , Gavin said through his teeth .
He was seconds away from bursting and I did not want to be here when it happened .
I tried to step away , but his grip on my shoulder tightened as he kept me in place in front of him .
Meredith pursed her lips and pointed her long finger at him while saying , Look , sir … I dont know you think you are but- Daddy ? Irene asked as she stepped around the women to stare up at her father with wide eyes .
W … what are you doing here ? The color in Merediths face drained as she stared at Irene and then up at Gavin .
Kelseys eyes were so big , I thought they were going to fall out of her head and Sophia sucked in a sharp breath , staggering backward .
All three of them were speechless and unsure of what to say.
I was invited , Gavin said , his eyes finding Irenes .
I thought I would pay some respect to my daughters future family members , but when I got here , I wasnt feeling very welcomed .
His eyes found Meredith again and she looked horrified .
I … Im so sorry , Meredith stammered .
Mr.
Landry , I- Its Alpha to you , he growled , his eyes glowing yellow as his wolf surged forward .
Only those I respect can speak my name , whether it is first or last .
And as of right now , I dont respect any of you .
###Take 136
Chapter 0137 Chapter 0137 Daddy ! Irene gasped , rushing to his side .
Dont be rude to Ethans family .
Im not the one being rude , he said through his teeth .
It was a misunderstanding , Sophia went on to say , her words coming out hoarse .
We didnt know who you were .
And that makes it okay ? Gavin asked , raising his brows .
Do you call every gentleman that walks through the door a call boy ? Or just me ? Irene sucked in a sharp breath as she glanced at Sophia and then at Ethans mother who was bowing her head , her entire body trembling .
Kelsey looked as if she was about to get sick .
Im glad I came here when I did because who knows how much worse things could have gotten , said , his lip curling in disgust .
Gavin It was a mistake , Alpha .
We didnt recognize you , Sopha tried to explain .
Please , dont take any of what we said the wrong way .noveldrama
How could I not- 10 Daddy , please ! Irene said , her eyes pleading with her father to drop the issue .
Not here … please , dont make a scene … I hadnt realized that there were now bystanders watching everything happen , and my cheeks burned with embarrassment .
My mothers eyes were wide as she stared at me , and I could hardly look her in the eyes .
Gavin looked as if he was about to say something , but then he decided against it .
He cleared his throat and straightened .
Ill be taking my leave then , he murmured .
Alpha , you are more than welcome to stay , Meredith tried to say , but was interrupted by a male voice who simultaneously said , Alpha Landry , its a pleasure for you to be here … what seems to be the issue ? I turned to see Ethans father , Raymond , walking toward us with a frown on his lips .
He was a nobleman and a good friend of my fathers .
At least he appears to be a good friend ; I thought Meredith and Sophia were friends of my mothers until they spoke cruelly about her earlier .
Now , Im not entirely sure if Raymond was the same as them as well , but he recognized Gavin immediately and came over to defuse the situation .
Raymond , Gavin greeted , his tone icy .
I was just leaving .
But Alpha , you just got here .
Why not stay ? The food is almost ready ; let the bartender fix you a drink , Raymond said , stopping beside his wife who suddenly looked incredibly small and vulnerable .
It seems Im not very welcome here , Gavin said , his eyes flickering to Meredith .
Raymonds eyes darkened as he glared at his wife .
What exactly happened ? He asked , his aura darkening What had you done ? 1/3 Chapter 0137 443 Please , Daddy .
Just let it go .
They didnt mean any harm … Irene pleaded .
Whatever my wife had said to you , Im sure it can be cleared up , Raymond said , his eyes still pouring into Merediths face .
I apologize for any rudeness .
Please stay for a little while and get some food .
Its okay … I whispered for Gavins ears only .
You can stay .
He turned to look at me , his eyes narrowed , but they softened when he looked into my eyes .
I want to take you home , he told me softly .
Ill stay for a bit , I assured him .
Im just going to clean up .
He looked at me for a moment longer before nodding .
didnt miss the looks that Meredith and Kelsey exchanged with one another , hearing some of the dialogue between us .
Ill help you clean up , my mother said , draping an arm through mine .
I hadnt even noticed she was nearby until she spoke , but I was relieved by her presence .
I nodded and turned back to Gavin .
Ill see you later , Alpha , I told him , a bit louder for those around us to hear .
He gave me a curt nod before turning back to Raymond .
Their conversation was drowned out as we headed into the Cash family manor and towards the bathroom .
How could you make a scene like that ? my mother asked once we reached the bathroom .
I wasnt the one making the scene , I murmured .
She sighed as she grabbed a hand towel and wet it with some warm water .
Look , I need you to know something , and I dont want you to freak out .
I frowned , worry bubbling in my belly .
Okay ? I urged her to continue .
I spoke to Ethans parents earlier .
Raymond went over details on how much I could get for the house , she explained ; my heart sank .
Our house ? I asked her .
She nodded .
I could get a lot of money that could pay off a lot of the debt your father owes , she told me .
It wont be enough to get him out of prison … but its something .
If you are going to sell the house , then where exactly are we going to live ? I asked her .
She was quiet for a moment as she attempted to clean the wine stain from my blouse while I wiped my face with another hand towel .
Mom ? I asked after she hadnt answered .
2 : 3 Chapter 0137 She sighed and looked up at me , her eyes soft and apologetic .
Meredith and Raymond offered us their guest room , she told me gently .
What are you saying ? I asked , my entire body feeling paralyzed .
Im saying … we would be living here ; with the Cash family .
###Take 137
Chapter 0138 Judys POV Mom , you cant be serious ! I gasped .
How could you agree to such a thing .
I know its not the ideal situation but- Not the ideal situation ?! Dont raise your voice at me , Judy , my mother scolded , We need the money , and I am running out of options .
If they are so keen on you selling our house for the money , then why not let us borrow money ? I thought you were going to ask them ! I exclaimed , shaking my head at the logic .
It doesnt make any sense .
I couldnt bring myself to ask them .
Especially after Raymond explained how he made some risky investments and hes worried about the turnout , she explained , sighing .
Plus , my pride wouldnt allow me to ask them for handouts .
But you have no problems having me ask Ethan for handouts ? I countered , raising my brows .
Thats different , she murmured .
Hes your fated mate and you were supposed to marry him .
Isnt Meredith your friend ? I asked her , giving her a pointed look .
Why not ask her for money ? She bit her lower lip and stared down at the towel in her hands .
I just cant bring myself to do it .
This is the easiest solution , and Ill still have my pride .
Living here wont be so bad .
They were kind enough to open their doors to us and Im going to accept their offer .
Is living here not damaging to your pride as well ? I asked her .
She sighed and lifted her gaze to meet mine .
Its different , she told me gently .
Im sorry for upsetting you , Judy .
But if you cant get the money from Ethan , then this is the next best solution .
Im not sure what else to do , but after selling the house , we will be a little closer to helping your father .
Thats all that matters to me right now .
Tears filled my eyes before I could stop them ; I didnt want to cry here while I was in the Cash family manor .
I didnt want to cry at all , but this couldnt be helped .
I cant live here , Mom … I whispered .
Oh , sweetie .
If this is because of Ethan and Irene , they wont be living here .
They will be living in the packhouse after Ethan becomes our Alpha .
You wont have to see them every day , she assured me .
Besides , once he marks and mates with Irene , your mate bond will officially be broken , and you wont have to endure the pain of the severed bond any longer .
Thats not what this is about , I told her , shaking my head .
His family doesnt like me .
They will make my life a living hell .
I was only here for a few minutes and his sister already spilled wine on me .
She sighed .
Chapter 0130 Im sure it was an accident .
Kelsey is very sweet ; shes only a child , my mother tried to justify .
Shes 18 , Mom .
Shes an adult , I reminded her .
Thats hardly an adult , she murmured .
Im sure she didnt mean anything by it .
She told me that Ethan deserved better than me , I whispered .
That I wasnt good enough for her brother .
Shes only being protective , my mother said .
She cleaned off the hand towel before putting it away .
She turned to me and put her hands on my shoulders .
Ifted my tear filled gaze to meet hers and I could see the worry she had in her eyes .
She was scared for our future , and I wasnt making things any easier for her .noveldrama
I swallowed the lump in my throat and sniffled , wiping away the stray tears on my cheeks .
Im sorry , I whispered .
I dont mean to sound ungrateful .
I know you are trying your best .
She nodded and took a deep breath .
I love you , Judy , she told me softly .
Im sorry to spring this news on you so quickly .
But if you dont think youll be able to live here , then maybe Nan will have an extra room for you ? Her words were like a punch in the gut ; so , it was either I live with the Cash family , or I had to find another place to go.
My mother made her choice and like everyone else in my life ….
she wasnt choosing me .
She was leaving , abandoning me ; just like Kelsey had said .
Did she know about this ? Maybe that was why she brought up the fact that everyone in my life leaves me .
I bit my lower lip , trying to will my tears to go away .
I didnt want to cry any further , but I wasnt sure if I could hold them in either .
How about we enjoy the rest of the barbeque , she said , lifting my chin so my eyes would meet hers .
Oh , by the way , do you know Alpha Gavin Landry ? It seemed as if he knew you .
I bit my lip and shook my head .
I hated lying to her , but I couldnt tell her the truth .
Not really , I told her .
I work as a tutor in his pack , so I met him a few times .
Nothing too serious though .
I decided on the half truth .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 138
Chapter 0139 Hes a ruthless Alpha , my mother warned .
Hes a Lycan chairman , and very powerful .
Be careful around him .
Make sure to show him respect .
I nodded .
My mother finished cleaning our mess in the bathroom before she turned and walked out , leaving me alone with my thoughts .
I stared at myself in the mirror , my heart heavy in my chest .
I was just about to walk out of the bathroom after a bit of staying behind , but the door opened before I could touch the knob .
I froze when I saw Gavin standing in front of me .
W… what are you doing in here ? I asked him in a hushed whisper .
He made his way into the bathroom .
and shut the door behind him , saying nothing in response .
Gavin- I tried again , but he stopped me as he pushed me against the counter and covered my lips with his .
His kiss was warm and tender , sending my heart into complete turmoil to the point where I thought it was going to beat out of my chest .
I sighed contently at the feeling of him pressing against me ; It felt as if my entire body was on fire .
Our lips moved together in perfect harmony and when I felt him nipping bottom lip with his teeth , I couldnt help but let out a little moan .
at my Remembering where we were , I put my hand on his chest and gave him a small push .
Gavin , we cant do this here , I told him breathlessly .
He let out a small growl as he pressed his forehead against mine .
Then lets get out of here , he murmured .
I smiled at his eagerness , but I also felt a bit sad knowing that I had to stay for a little longer .
I was no longer there for Irene ; I was there for my mother .
I had to make sure she was okay and that they werent going to make her feel bad about her situation .
I cant just yet , I whispered .
I dont trust them with my mother .
He pulled back slightly , and his frown deepened .
Have they always treated you like this ? I bit my lip , but I nodded .
They never liked me , I murmured , They have no right to treat you in that kind of way .
Ill make sure it never happens again , he said , his aura darkening .
I smiled at him ; I liked that he was protective , but it was going to get us both into trouble if he wasnt careful .
I appreciate that , but I can handle it myself , I assured him .
She spilled wine on you , he reminded me .
Is that you handling things on your own ? It was an oversight , I said , shrugging .
I wont be blind like that again .
Judy- Please , Gavin , I pleaded .
Just let it go .
He looked at me for a long while before sighing ; then , he nodded .
Okay , but if they say anything more disrespectful towards you , I cant promise I wont step in , he told me .
I smiled and stood on my toes to kiss him .
When our lips met , my heart began to race again .noveldrama
The effect this man had on my body was limitless and it also scared me .
What we were doing was meant to be fun and nothing too serious .
It was only to get others off our backs and to scratch an itch , but I felt myself growing closer to him with each kiss and that worried me .
Third Person POV You embarrassed our family in front of Gavin Landry .
You should be ashamed of yourself ! Raymond scolded his wife .
He had finished defusing the situation and talking to Gavin just before Gavin excused himself to use the restroom .
It was a mistake , Meredith tried to explain .
I didnt recognize him.
And that makes it right ? He asked through his teeth We are a noble family , and we need to act as such .
We are already doing a charitable thing for the Montague family , Meredith said , folding her arms across her chest .
It doesnt get more noble than that .
They had agreed to open their doors to Judy and her mother because they would soon find themselves homeless .
Meredith got what she wanted ; she is now on top and its the Montagues who find themselves on the bottom .
She couldnt hide the joy on her face as she spoke about doing that charitable action for the poor family .
Youll be lucky if I can get Gavin back on our side , Raymond said , shaking his head .
Not even Raymonds wife knew the impact that Gavin had on the business that allowed them to live the lifestyle they currently live .
Getting on Gavins bad side could mean ruining their entire family .
Merediths frown deepened .
It was sour luck that Gavin Landry happened to show up at that exact moment and why was he acting as if he knew Judy ? It felt as if something was seriously up between the two of them , but that couldnt be possible .
Gavin wouldnt be with a nobody like Judy Montague .
There had to be a reason why he came to her rescue and Meredith was going to find out why .
###Chapter 139
Chapter 0140 Gavins POV The rage I felt when I saw Ethans family tormenting Judy was beyond what I had ever felt in my life .
I was honestly surprised that I was able to control myself .
Staying at this barbeque wasnt something I wanted to do , but Judy pleaded with me to let it go for right now and I wasnt going to leave without her .
I watched her mingling with a few girls her age , and she looked rather uncomfortable .
Her cheeks turned a bright shade of pink , I used my Lycan hearing to listen to their conversation , completely ignoring what Raymond Cash was saying on the other side of me .
It must be really embarrassing for you to watch your fated mate with another she wolf , one of the girls said .
Im surprised you bothered showing up , the other said .
I let out a small growl , which seemed to startle the table I was sitting at .
It brought me back to the current moment and I saw eyes on me .
I cleared my throat and forced a smile .
I apologize , I said as I stood to my feet .
If youll excuse me for a minute .
I wasnt sure what I was going to do , but I couldnt sit there , and watch Judy be embarrassed over what these pointless she wolves were saying to her .
I walked towards them as they continued their conversation and without thinking , I draped an arm around Judys shoulders .
Ladies , I said to them , making their jaw drop .
If you dont mind , Im going to steal Miss Montague .
A… Alpha Gavin Landry ? One of them stammered , her eyes large as she stared up at me .
I … Its an honor … I stared at her with indifference , without replying .
The other girl was looking between Judy and me , her eyes quizzical .
I wasnt aware you and Judy knew one another , she pointed out , her brows raised .
Judy went to speak , but I cut her off .
My relationship with Miss Montague isnt your concern , I told her .
If youll excuse us .
I didnt wait for Judy to argue , I pulled her along with me and went back towards the table I was seated at .
She gawked at me , her cheeks flushed red .
I could have handled that , she said , staring at the ground as we walked .
You shouldnt have to , I murmured .
We sat at the table , and I slid a plate of food in her direction .
She began to nibble without speaking a word .
Is everything okay ? Raymond asked , looking at Judy and then back at me .
I nodded .
As a Lycan , Im required to notice everything that goes on around me , I explained .noveldrama
I could hear those girls being disrespectful , so I went over to offer my assistance .
I apologize , Alpha .
This is not the impression I wanted you to have for your first time in my home .
I assure you , its not always like this .
I nodded as I took a sip of my wine .
If my daughter is going to be married into this family , Ill need to establish some trust between us .
If I cant trust you with packmates , how can I trust you with my daughter ? I asked , narrowing my eyes at him .
You can trust us , he assured me .
I will prove that to you , Alpha .
Id like to see you try , I murmured .
We wont let you down , Raymond said confidently .
I nodded .
We continued to talk for the next hour and soon , people started to leave the party .
Im going to take off , Judys mother said to her .
Are you coming home with me ? Judy glanced in my direction briefly before looking at her mother .
I have to work tonight .
Ill just catch an Uber , she told her .
Her mother nodded and then hugged her .
Think about what we talked about earlier , she whispered to Judy .
We will talk more about it later .
I wondered what it was that they spoke about , but I knew it wasnt my business .
Judy looked uneasy though , but she nodded and watched as her mother left .
I couldnt help but notice Judy staring after her , seeming a bit lost in thought .
I knew this was my queue to get her out of there ; shed had enough torture for one day .
I should be going too , I said , standing to my feet .
I glanced at Judy .
Let me give you a ride .
She looked as if she was about to protest , but then she thought better of it and gave me a short nod .
Thank you , she said softly .
You arent going home with your mother ? Meredith asked with her brows raised .
Judy shook her head .
I have to go to work , she explained .
Oh , I wasnt aware you were working , Meredith said with a frown .
And what is it you do ? Im a tutor , she blurted .
I tutor a child in Alpha Landrys pack .
Which is why hes going to give me a ride .
Meredith looked at me for a moment and then back at Judy before nodding ; she didnt look completely convinced , but it wasnt on us to convince her of anything .
 Chapter 0140 Lets go , I urged Judy as I started to walk away .
Thank you for coming , Alpha .
It was a pleasure to meet you , Meredith said as she hurried over to me .
I wish I could say the same , I murmured , shocking her .
Todays Bonus Offer .
###Chapter 140
Chapter 0140 Gavins POV The rage I felt when I saw Ethans family tormenting Judy was beyond what I had ever felt in my life .
I was honestly surprised that I was able to control myself .
Staying at this barbeque wasnt something I wanted to do , but Judy pleaded with me to let it go for right now and I wasnt going to leave without her .
I watched her mingling with a few girls her age , and she looked rather uncomfortable .
Her cheeks turned a bright shade of pink , I used my Lycan hearing to listen to their conversation , completely ignoring what Raymond Cash was saying on the other side of me .
It must be really embarrassing for you to watch your fated mate with another she wolf , one of the girls said .
Im surprised you bothered showing up , the other said .
I let out a small growl , which seemed to startle the table I was sitting at .
It brought me back to the current moment and I saw eyes on me .
I cleared my throat and forced a smile .
I apologize , I said as I stood to my feet .
If youll excuse me for a minute .
I wasnt sure what I was going to do , but I couldnt sit there , and watch Judy be embarrassed over what these pointless she wolves were saying to her .
I walked towards them as they continued their conversation and without thinking , I draped an arm around Judys shoulders .
Ladies , I said to them , making their jaw drop .
If you dont mind , Im going to steal Miss Montague .
A… Alpha Gavin Landry ? One of them stammered , her eyes large as she stared up at me .
I … Its an honor … I stared at her with indifference , without replying .
The other girl was looking between Judy and me , her eyes quizzical .
I wasnt aware you and Judy knew one another , she pointed out , her brows raised .
Judy went to speak , but I cut her off .
My relationship with Miss Montague isnt your concern , I told her .
If youll excuse us .
I didnt wait for Judy to argue , I pulled her along with me and went back towards the table I was seated at .
She gawked at me , her cheeks flushed red .
I could have handled that , she said , staring at the ground as we walked .
You shouldnt have to , I murmured .
We sat at the table , and I slid a plate of food in her direction .
She began to nibble without speaking a word .
Is everything okay ? Raymond asked , looking at Judy and then back at me .
I nodded .
As a Lycan , Im required to notice everything that goes on around me , I explained .noveldrama
I could hear those girls being disrespectful , so I went over to offer my assistance .
I apologize , Alpha .
This is not the impression I wanted you to have for your first time in my home .
I assure you , its not always like this .
I nodded as I took a sip of my wine .
If my daughter is going to be married into this family , Ill need to establish some trust between us .
If I cant trust you with packmates , how can I trust you with my daughter ? I asked , narrowing my eyes at him .
You can trust us , he assured me .
###Chapter 141
I will prove that to you , Alpha .
Id like to see you try , I murmured .
We wont let you down , Raymond said confidently .
I nodded .
We continued to talk for the next hour and soon , people started to leave the party .
Im going to take off , Judys mother said to her .
Are you coming home with me ? Judy glanced in my direction briefly before looking at her mother .
I have to work tonight .
Ill just catch an Uber , she told her .
Her mother nodded and then hugged her .
Think about what we talked about earlier , she whispered to Judy .
We will talk more about it later .
I wondered what it was that they spoke about , but I knew it wasnt my business .
Judy looked uneasy though , but she nodded and watched as her mother left .
I couldnt help but notice Judy staring after her , seeming a bit lost in thought .
I knew this was my queue to get her out of there ; shed had enough torture for one day .
I should be going too , I said , standing to my feet .
I glanced at Judy .
Let me give you a ride .
She looked as if she was about to protest , but then she thought better of it and gave me a short nod .
Thank you , she said softly .
You arent going home with your mother ? Meredith asked with her brows raised .
Judy shook her head .
I have to go to work , she explained .
Oh , I wasnt aware you were working , Meredith said with a frown .
And what is it you do ? Im a tutor , she blurted .
I tutor a child in Alpha Landrys pack .
Which is why hes going to give me a ride .
Meredith looked at me for a moment and then back at Judy before nodding ; she didnt look completely convinced , but it wasnt on us to convince her of anything .
 Chapter 0140 Lets go , I urged Judy as I started to walk away .
Thank you for coming , Alpha .
It was a pleasure to meet you , Meredith said as she hurried over to me .
I wish I could say the same , I murmured , shocking her .
Todays Bonus Offer .
###Take 142
Chapter 0141 Chapter 0141 I didnt bother sticking around to hear any more of what they had to say ; I was done for the evening and if I had to drag Judy out of there by force then I would .
Thankfully , it didnt come to that .
Judy said her quick goodbyes , though most of them went unanswered , and then she hurried after me , keeping her head down until we were at a far enough distance .
Im glad thats over , she said , letting out a breath .
Hmm , I hummed .
We reached the front of the manor , and I saw Beta Taylor outside of the car with the back door open .noveldrama
How was it ? He asked as we approached .
One more wrong move and Im pulling my funding out of his company , I said without hesitation , making Judy gasp .
She probably had no idea that I funded a large portion of Raymonds company and I could take it away in an instant leaving them without a penny to their name .
That bad , huh ? Taylor asked , amusement clear in his tone .
Where shall I take you ? The Villa , I told him .
I need to shower this event off my body .
He nodded , chuckling as he waited for us to get into the car .
I was pleased to see that the privacy window was already rolled up .
Taylor shut the door behind us and then hurried around the car to get into the drivers seat .
Soon , we were pulling away from the Cash family manor .
Judy sighed as she gazed out the window ; she was wearing this skirt that rested just above her knees , and it hugged her curves perfectly .
She was so beautiful that my stomach stirred at the sight of her .
I wanted to jump her bones much earlier , but I had to control myself .
But now that we were alone , I didnt have to wait any longer .
Without a single word , I unbuttoned her seatbelt , along with my own and then I grabbed her around her waist , she gasped at the motion .
Gavin ! She exclaimed as I lifted her out of the seat and onto my lap .
What are you doing ? What does it look like ? I asked , my fingers slowly moving up her inner leg .
I watched as goosebumps formed on her flesh and her breathing grew heavy .
I smiled at the effect that I had on her body .
My lips covered her , and I deepened the kiss almost immediately .
Her lips parted for my tongue , and I entered her mouth tentatively at first , but then fiercely as I tasted everything she had to offer .
She moaned into my mouth and gasped when my fingers found the lining of her panties .
I had to be honest ; I was a bit disappointed that she was wearing them , but at the same time relieved because it meant she wasnt trying to dress for Ethan .
She hadnt known I was going to be there so there was no reason for her to go commando .
I sucked her bottom lip into my mouth ; she was sweet like candy and her scent engulfed me , wrapping ine in a daze .
I could smell her desires , and moisture began to pool in her panties as I rubbed her sensitive areas .
12 Gavin … she whispered against my lips as I took what I wanted from her .
I pulled her panties aside and ran my finger through her moist slit ; she sucked in a sharp breath as I fiddled with her little nub , making it swell and throb with pleasure .
I stuck my finger inside of her core and she let out a breathy moan .
I ran my lips down the nape of her neck , sucking on her shoulder blade and nibbling on the softest parts of her skin .
roh , Goddess ….
She whispered hoarsely as the pressure between her legs continued to build .
I stuck another finger inside of her and quickened my pace as my thumb rubbed circles around her clit .
Her legs began to tremble , and her breathing grew intense .
Yes … she whispered .
Right there … keep going ! I had no plans to stop ; I stuck another finger inside of her and stroked her G spot , making her howl with pleasure .
I applied a bit more pressure to her clit with my thumb , wishing that I was between her legs so I could taste her .
I captured her moans of pleasure with my mouth as I sucked on her tongue , nipping at her lips until they were nice and swollen .
Just as she was pushed over the edge and I felt the evidence of her climax on my fingers , my wolf surged .
forward , and growled fiercely in my head , MINE !! My teeth elongated and my eyes cued in on the softest part of her neck , wanting to take a bite and mark her as mine .
I let out a painful growl and then pulled my wolf back with all my force , making my canines snap back into my mouth .
I released Judy as if she had just burned me and she nearly fell off my lap at the sudden motion .
She was breathless as she looked up at me , confusion clear on her face .
After a moment , she scrambled off my lap and sat ba
/2 Chapter 0142 Third Person POV The look Ethan had on his face when Judy left the party with her father did not go unnoticed by Irene .
There was a look of longing ; almost like he was a lost child , and it made Irenes heart ache .
She bit her bottom lip , refusing to cry in front of Ethans family .
She had already made a good impression on them and didnt want to ruin it .
Irene , darling , dont let that awful woman bother you , Meredith said , giving her a gentle smile .
Shes just a nobody .
Yeah , my brother loves you .
The thought of him being with her again makes me sick , Kelsey muttered , folding her arms across her chest .
Something she had said struck Irenes interest and she narrowed her eyes at her future sister in law .
What did you just say ? Irene asked , her heart weighing heavier in her chest .
Kelsey glanced up at her with a frown .
Which part ? she asked .
You said the thought of them being together again makes you sick .
What do you mean by again ? Kelsey opened her mouth to reply , but her mother stopped her .
She grabbed Kelseys arm and squeezed it tightly , making her whimper in distress .
She didnt mean anything by it .
It was a slip of the tongue , Meredith said with an obnoxiously loud laugh .
She must be exhausted , she added , giving Kelsey a pointed look .
Kelseys cheeks flushed and then she nodded .
Yes , I didnt mean anything by it , she murmured , glancing at Irene apologetically .
Irene , however , was not convinced .
She glanced across the yard at Ethan who was still staring longingly in the direction Judy had left .
She pressed her lips in a thin line and turned to face Ethans mother and sister .
It was very nice to meet you ladies .
I hope we can get to know one another even more soon .
Perhaps we can have brunch ? Irene suggested .
Meredith and Kelsey both lit up .
Yes , we would love that , Meredith answered for the both of them .
Excellent , Ill get your contact numbers from Ethan , and we can go from there .
Perhaps we can meet at the Silver Crescent Country Club later this week or next week , Irene said .
If youll excuse me , I should be going .
They both nodded eagerly ; the Silver Crescent Country Club was for the most elite wolves , and you couldnt get in unless invited by a golden member .
Being invited by Irene Landry herself was a huge honor and they wouldnt pass up the opportunity .
Before either of them could say another word , Irene was already walking in the direction of Ethan .
He was too lost in his own thoughts to notice her approaching ; that is until she put a hand on his shoulder .
Im very tired , Ethan .
Can we go somewhere and rest ? She asked .noveldrama
He was still lost in thought and barely heard a word she said .
He almost looked sad and that made Irene even more furious .
Ethan , Im speaking to you , she said firmly , folding her arms across her chest .
Her harsh tone of voice was enough to snap Ethan back to the present moment .
Im sorry , what ? He asked .
I said , Im tired .
Can you take me somewhere to rest , she said again , her tone dry .
He narrowed his eyes at her and examined her face .
He realized she was upset , but he was upset too and could hardly care about her mood .
He ran his fingers through his hair and took a deep breath .
Yes , you can rest in my room upstairs , he told her .
I need to stay here a little longer so we cant leave just yet .
She nodded , already assuming this .
He guided her into the manor and up the winding stairs until they reached his bedroom .
She had never been in this room before and she wasnt sure what to expect .
She only ever spent the night in his house , never in his familys manor .
She was surprised to see that his room was very boyish ; it was clear that this was his childhood room .
Hé had trophies on his shelves and video game posters .
###Take 143
I honestly warmed her heart a little and made a smile tug at the corner of her lips .
If only she wasnt so upset with him , she might indulge the setting a little .
I have to get back to my family .
You can rest here , and Ill come back later , he told her .
She nodded , wrapping her arms around her body as she watched him leave the room .
Her stomach tightened once she was finally alone .
She sat on the bed , glancing around at all the stuff .
It was a typical boy room , not many personal pictures but he did notice a picture on his nightstand that looked as if someone was cut out of the frame .
She frowned as she stared at the picture ; Ethan was standing beside someone , but the other person wasnt there .
Her brows furrowed as she ran her fingers down the frame .
Whoever was in this photo seemed to be cut out of his life .
Could it have been Judy ? The words of Kelsey continued to play in her mind ; it almost seemed as if Ethan and Judy had a previous relationship , but they had both told her that they only knew of one another because theyve been a part of the same pack for most of their lives .
Why would they lie to her ? Ethan was supposed to be someone she trusted most , and Judy was someone she considered a friend .
But when she saw them pressed against a tree yesterday … her entire world shattered .
She could still feel the crack in her heart from the betrayal she felt .
Chapter 0143 She stood up from the bed , unable to truly rest .
She walked over to his drawers and started to mindlessly rummage through them .
There wasnt anything in them besides some clothes that most likely no longer fit him .
She sighed and went to his nightstand to rummage through that as well .
There wasnt much of anything in it besides a box of condoms and some medicines .
Feeling frustrated she walked into his attached bathroom ; she had no idea what she was looking for .
Maybe a sign that Judy had once been there .
The only thing that could potentially be a sign was an old shampoo bottle that she knew didnt belong to Ethan because this wasnt his brand .
There was also a stick of lavender deodorant she knew didnt belong to Ethan was well .
Her heart hammered in her chest ; could these things belong to Judy ? Admittedly , she had no idea what kind of shampoo Judy used .
She wished she had paid more attention to these types of things .
It was obvious the bathroom has been cleaned recently because there wasnt a single hair or a speck of dust in sight .
She groaned and walked out of the bathroom , shutting the door behind her .
As she walked back to the bed , she froze when she saw a strap under the bed .
She reached down and pulled the strap , revealing a laptop bag .
She raised her brows at the sight.
She remembered Ethan had a laptop with him earlier and then he put the laptop somewhere .
Why would he put it under his childhood bed ? Was he trying to keep her from seeing something .
She sighed and put the bag on the bed , taking the laptop out of its holding .
It was a newer brand laptop , and it weighed a ton .
As soon as the laptop screen lit to life , she bit her lip , anticipating what she was going to find .
It was a key pin protected .
She tried Ethans birthday and when that failed , she tried her own birthday .
That also failed and she couldnt help but feel disappointed .
She tried the day they met and that failed as well .
Tears welled up in her eyes , making her vision blurry .
She sniffled , wiping away at some of the tears that fell down her flushed cheeks .
She had one other date to check , and she was dreading typing it in .
She tried Judys birthday .
When the laptop unlocked , Irenes heart cracked a little more .
Tears spilled down her cheeks and she sniffled , chewing her bottom lip to keep from sobbing .
Her suspicions were confirmed … something had been going on between Judy and Ethan .
They both lied to her .
How could they do this to her ? She wiped the tears away and straightened her posture .
She had to find out how deep their relationship was .
She needed to know the truth because it was obvious she wasnt going to find out about either of them .
She went through each of Ethans documents on his computer ; there was a lot of business type stuff and Alpha related forms , but nothing that raised suspicion .
Then , she came across a hidden file , labeled Chapter 0143 private .
It was passcode protected .
She felt sick to her stomach knowing she wasnt going to like what she found .
Once again , she used Judys birthday , and the file opened right away .
Her heart shattered into a million pieces when she saw the photographs that were hidden in the file .
They were nudes of Judy ! She was laying in Ethans bed ….
This time , she did let out a distressed sob as she went through each photo .
Some of the photos Ethan was with her , kissing her neck and Judy was smiling widely with her arms wrapped around him .noveldrama
Bile rose up in Irenes throat .
They had been sleeping together .
How long had this been going on for ? Why would they lie about their relationship ? Did it start after or before he met Irene ? She had all these questions in her mind , and she could hardly see straight .
She needed to find the answers to her questions , or she was going to drive herself crazy .
She went into his web browser to see his recent searches and she noticed a tab for his social media .
She clicked on it , she was already following one of his socials , but she wondered if he had others .
She gasped when a social media site popped up that she didnt even know that he had .
It was listed as a private account and his picture wasnt used as the profile ; his name was even abbreviated , so if she were to come across it , she wouldnt have known it was him at first glance .
She wasnt following this account and wouldnt be able to look at the page because of its security settings , but because she was on Ethans computer , she was able to see everything .
Pictures of him and Judy were everywhere .
There were pictures of them holding hands , and pictures of them kissing .
Judy had tagged him in certain posts , but it seemed to have stopped around the time he met Irene .
It also looked like since then Judy disabled her own account .
As she scrolled through the images and posts , something caught her attention and Irenes entire world shattered in a heartbeat .
It was a caption that Judy made under one of the photos of her and Ethan .
Got to spend the day with my fated mate ! I couldnt be happier !! I love you so much , Ethan ! His comment read : You and me forever babe ! Love you more !!
###Take 144
2/2 Chapter 0144 Third Person POV Ethan returned to his room later that night after saying goodnight to his family .
He was planning on taking Irene home , but when he saw that she wasnt there , he frowned .
His room was completely empty .
He grabbed his phone and checked his messages , seeing that he had a missed text message from her .
Irene : I went home .
Enjoy your time with your family .
Ill see you soon , Love y you .
was Ethan sighed and shoved his phone back into his pocket .
He couldnt even say that he was upset ; he relieved that she decided to leave .
It meant he didnt have to pretend to be happy for another moment tonight .
The memory of watching Judy leaving with Gavin Landry made an icy chill creep up Ethans spine .
He remembered the way he stood up for her and how Judy looked at him as if he hung the moon .
It infuriated Ethan more than anything .
Had she truly moved on from him ? They were fated mates after all , and she still wore his mark on her neck .
How could it be possible for her to harvest no feelings towards him ? He felt sick to his stomach .
He didnt want to lose Judy .
He only wanted to marry Irene because of her status as Gavin Landys daughter .
Gavin could single handily make him the new Alpha of the Redmoon pack .
But he still wanted to keep Judy on the side .
He was furious at the thought of her in the arms of another man .
He decided instead of going home , he wanted to go to the local pub .
He needed a drink to get his mind off Judy and the idea of her with someone else .
The bar wasnt far from his familys house , so he decided to walk there instead , taking in the fresh cold air and the beauty of autumn night .
The bar wasnt super busy at this hour , but there were a few stragglers hanging out and talking amongst one another .
Some of which Ethan recognized from the pack .
They nodded at him as he walked by and he nodded back .
What can I get for you ? The bartender , Charlie , asked .
A whiskey , Ethan murmured , putting his credit card on the counter .
And keep them coming .
Rough night ? Charlie asked as he took the card and opened his tab .
Something like that .
Ethan said , running his fingers through his hair .
Charlie chuckled and grabbed his drink , sliding it across the counter for Ethan to catch , which he knew he would .
Ethan downed it in on go , which shocked even the bartender .
Without Ethan having to ask , Charlie grabbed him another drink .
Once again , Ethan chugged it until the cup was dry .
He slamined the glass cup on the counter , and slid it back to Charlie , silently asking for another .
Charlie obliged , knowing it would mean his death if he were to refuse his orders .
After his 6 ( th ) drink , Ethan was practically seeing stars .
He wasnt sure hed be able to walk a straight line even if he wanted .
Someone sat beside him on the barstool , but Ethan was too far gone to really notice the new presence .
A classic martini , the feminine voice said .
Sure thing , Charlie replied as he went to grab the woman a drink .
Ethan lifted his gaze , and he was shocked to find a beautiful girl who wore practically nothing .
Her long hair flowed evenly down her back and when she glanced over at Ethan , she offered him a small smile .noveldrama
What amazed him the most was the fact that she looked just like Judy ! Judy … he whispered , her image becoming distorted as the alcohol whirled around in his head .
She corked an eyebrow at him .
My name is Hazel , she munnured .
He didnt care what her name was , all he cared about was the fact that she looked just like his mate .
Are you okay ? the Judy look alike asked after a beat of silence .
She was now sipping on her martini and watching him warily .
Hey wait … I know you .
You are Ethan Cash , right ? Yes , he answered .
Has anyone ever told you how beautiful you are ? She chuckled and took another sip of her a martini .
On a daily , she admitted .
After another beat of silence , she grew wary of him staring at her and she cleared her throat .
Buy me another one of these and Ill let you take me home , she teased .
He glanced at the bartender and raised his brows .
Get the lady another drink , Ethan all but slurred .
Charlie laughed and glanced at Hazel with raised brows , as if to ask her permission .
She thought about it , for a moment , taking a look at him and then she glanced at the bartender .
Hes a rich boy , right ? Make it two and I want all my drink on his tab , she declared .
Yes , Mam , Charlie replied .
After serval martinis , Hazel was just drunk enough to loosen up .
She allowed Ethan to pull her into him .
as his lips crashed onto hers .
He tasted like whisky and sadness , and it was enough to make her all sorts of hot .
She fed of the weakness of men , and she knew she could get a pretty penny out of this one .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 145
He nibbled on her bottom lip .
Lets get out of here , he murmured against her .
She nodded and Ethan called one of his subordinates to come pick them up because he was far too drunk to drive .
He took her back to his house and they had sex all night long .
Judys POV Pain coursed through my entire body starting with the mark on my neck .
My body trembled violently , and tears streamed down my cheeks .
I Irad felt pain starting in my neck before , whenever Ethan kissed Irene , but it was never anything like this .
This was a whole new level of pain that I wasnt used to and I never wanted to feel again .
My entire body felt as if it was being electrocuted .
My wolf was howling in despair , and I couldnt get the noise out of my ears .
Gavin ran out of the bathroom with a warm cloth ; me waking up screaming scared him , and he rushed to the bathroom right away .
The loss of contact from his warm body made it all feel worse but once he returned , I felt a little of the tension and pain subsiding .
Its okay , he breathed , placing the warm cloth over my head .
I reached up and grabbed his shoulders , pulling him into me .
I needed him close ; for whatever reason , his body made the pain more bearable .
Ssshhh … he breathed , kissing the top of my head as his arms wrapped around me .
It hurts … I whimpered , my fingers trembling as I scratched at my neck .
Stop doing that , he said through his teeth , grabbing at my hand as he replaced it with the warm cloth .
Youll hurt yourself even more .
I dont understand whats happening … I said as tears flowed evenly down my cheeks .
Ive never felt pain like this before … only when Ethan kisses Irene … but its never been this bad .
He was quiet for a moment , and I could tell he was thinking intently about something .
Do you think they could be doing more than kissing ? Gavin finally asked after a long silence .
I sucked in a sharp intake of breath ; could that be whats wrong ? Could Ethan and Irene be having sex and thats why I was facing this severe pain coming from the mark on my neck ? I could hear my wolf whimpering at the very thought .
My body continued to tremble in Gavins arms , and he held me even tighter .
Just take a deep breath … he whispered .
Youre going to be okay .
Ive got you .
His words lulled me enough to relax and I felt the pain subsiding just a little more .
He dabbed at my neck with the warm cloth as his lips covered mine , taking my bottom lip into his mouth .
It was like medicine and suddenly , the pain wasnt there at all .
I melted into his kiss , needing more of him because for some reason , he took the pain away .
He ran his fingers through my hair , massaging my scalp and sending a warm wave of chills down my spine , making goosebumps form on my flesh .noveldrama
When he pulled away , the ache in my neck returned , but it wasnt as severe as it once was .
I was left breathless , and my face was flushed from the heat .
He smiled down at me as he kissed the bridge of my nose .
Any better ? He asked , a smug look on his face .
A little , I murmured .
Good , he said , kissing my lips once more .
Hold this to your neck .
Ill mindlink Taylor and ask him if Irene returned last night .
I nodded , still feeling dazed as I firmly held the warm cloth to my neck .
The moment his arms were no longer around me , the pain returned , and I couldnt help but scream in agony .
I could see the look of remorse crossing his face just before his eyes glazed over .
I knew that meant he was mindlinking his beta .
His frown deepened and I nearly blacked out from the pain until his arms were wrapped around me again .
The pain began to subside , and I felt myself releasing the breath I had been holding Thats strange … he said softly .
It was very strange that his touch made the pain go away , so I nodded and looked up at him .
Very … I agreed .
He blinked a few times and looked down at me .
What ? No , I mean its strange that Irene returned home hours ago .
Shes been sleeping in her room .
No one saw Ethan returning with her , he told me .
My heart sank .
Then if Ethan wasnt having sex with Irene right now… what the hell was he doing  Was he having sex with another woman ?!
###Take 146
Sweet Revenge Billionaire Love 146 27 Chapter 0146 Judys POV For the last couple of days , the pain continued only at night .
It would go on until the morning , but with Gavin holding me almost every night , it wasnt as bad I was able to get through it .
It made no sense because Ive noticed Irene around the mansion , shes been avoiding me … ignoring me when I say hi , or pretending that Im not around .
She spends most of her time in her room alone though and Ethan hasnt come by once to check on her .
However , the pain intensified .
I visited with the pack doctor , and he told me the same thing Gavin and I had already guessed … my fated mate was having sex with another woman and it was damaging to my body and wolf .
After the third day of excruciating pain , Gavin sent someone out to get Ethan .
He had to answer for his crimes .
He was cheating on Irene , and it was painfully obvious .
The only one who wasnt aware of it was Irene .
Unless she was aware of it and that was why she kept herself in her room .
We found him , Taylor said as he walked into the villa , his arms folded across his chest as he motioned over his shoulder .
Ethan was being dragged in by a couple of guards and he looked completely out of it .
It was disgusting to look at and it made me recoil .
I couldnt believe I was once so in love with this fool .
He was passed out at the pub .
Gavin curled his lip in disgust as he stared down at Ethian .
So , thats what youve been doing nightly ? Going to the pub ? And then What ? You find a woman and take her home ? He asked , his voice filled with a rage had never heard before .
Ethan lifted his head to look at Gavin … it was like he didnt even register who was standing in front of him , or where he even was .
Why am I here ? He murmured incoherently .
Wheres Daphnee ? Taylor ran his fingers thought his hair , looking uncomfortable .
There was a prostitute with him , and it looked like she was about to take him out of the bar before we got there , he explained .
I raised my brows and glared down at the man who used to be my mate .
A prostitute Ethan ? I asked him , dumbfounded , Seriously ? You are better than that … At least I thought so .
But now I wasnt so sure … he had done some pretty awful things … but cheating on Irene with a prostitute was disgusting .
I shook my head at him , unable to look at him any longer .
How could you do that to her … I asked , tears filling my eyes as I thought about how hurt she would be if she were to find out about this .
How dare you hurt my daughter , Gavin said through his teeth .
I had given you enough chances , Ethan Cash … Its possible he didnt even know what he was doing Taylor intervened .
Hes pretty out of it and the 1/2 Chapter 0146 lady didnt seem to care despite her being sober .
I think he was more taken advantage of than anything .
Hes been spending a lot of money lately and Im assuming its on them .
Hes obviously not okay … Gavin glared down at Ethan and studied him for a long while .
If he wants to continue seeing my daughter , he needs to man up and start treating her right .
He needs to work on himself and stop this drinking nonsense .
11 I think its better if you told him this once hes sober Taylor sald , staring down at Ethan who was slumped against the ground , his eyes drifting closed .
Gavin sighed , sounding aggravated .noveldrama
Get him cleaned up and have him sleep it off in one of the guest rooms .
Irene doesnt need to know that hes here right now .
Itll be better that way , he murmured .
Yes , Alpha , Taylor said with a nod as he motioned for the guards to grab Ethan and follow him .
They did so right away and started to drag Ethan up the stairs and towards the guest rooms .
As he got further away , I heard him murmuring , They looked so much like her ….
I furrowed my brows .
I wondered who he was talking about , but my attention was quickly turned when Gavin grabbed my shoulders and spun me around to face him .
The pain shouldnt continue after tonight , he told me gently .
Once he officially mates and marks Irene , itll be over completely .
I nodded and forced a smile .
How could you still want him to be with your daughter ? I asked him , shaking my head and trying to wrap my brain around what had just happened .
Hes been cheating on her for days … hes obviously ill , Gavin .
Do you really trust him with her ?
###Take 147
Chapter 0147 He sighed and shook his head .
Not even a little bit … but Irene … shes fragile , Gavin murmured, shaking his own head .
Taking Ethan away from her would destroy her and I worry about what she might do if that happens .
Shes my daughter and I only care about her happiness .
I just hope Ethan shapes up once its time to marry her , so he never hurts her again .
When I didnt say anything , his expression softened .
Plus , Irene is an adult now .
I cant exactly tell her what to do , as much as I want to , he continued .
Youre a Lycan chairman , Gavin .
Not to mention her father , I reminded him .
You have every right to tell her what to do .
But at the cost of my daughter ? He asked in return .
I cant lose her , Judy .
You out of everyone should know how important family is .
His words struck a chord inside of me and for some reason , I felt a little hurt .
I took a step back from him .
Of course , I know how important family is , Gavin , I told him .
Mine is falling apart and I would do anything to get things back to normal , but that doesnt seem to be happening , does it ? He furrowed his brows .
What exactly are you talking about ? I stared at him dumbfounded .
Did he really not know what was happening in my life ? Was he that self- centered that he had no idea how badly my family and were struggling ? It was like a slap in the face and reality came crashing down around me .
Gavin doesnt truly care about me … he only cared about having sex and getting his mother off his back .
This was the arrangement , so I shouldnt be surprised , but it still hurt just the same .
I bit my lip , fighting hard to keep the tears away .
I think Im going to go home , I told him , turning away .
My mother is probably wondering why I havent been home , and I really dont want to worry her .
Are you upset ? Gavin asked , I could hear the frown his words .
No , I lied .
Its just been a long day , and you should probably spend some time with your family .
They need you more than I do .
Judy- Ill see you later , Gavin , I said quickly just as I rushed out the front doors of the Villa .
Luckily , the driver was waiting outside and when he saw me running out the door , he opened the back door of the car for me .
I smiled through my tears , grateful for Leroy .
Are you returning home ? He asked me ..
I nodded and slid into the backseat of the car .
He shut the door and ran around to the drivers side , 1/2 getting into the car .
Gavin stood at the doorway , watching me as the car drove off .
He didnt bother coming after me and it hurt a little more knowing that he cared so little about me that he didnt bother to stop me from leaving By the time I got home , I was exhausted .
I thanked Lerby and slid out of the car .
I made my way into the house , and I froze when I saw my mother seated on the couch beside Ethans mother , Meredith .
They were both sipping on tea and chuckling about something .
My heart nearly fell into my stomach when they both turned to face me .
Well , look who decided to bless me with her visit , my mother said sarcastically .
Where have you been ? Its been days since I last saw you .
I blushed and glanced at the ground .
Ive been spending the nights with Nan , I lied .
Both ladies raised their brows ; they both saw me leaving the party with Gavin the other night and then neither saw me again after that .
I knew they were suspicious after Gavin caused a scene in front of everybody , making it a point to protect me the entire evening .
So , youve made up your mind then ? My mother asked , a flash of disappointment crossing her face .
You are going to be living with her ? I hadnt even thought about it honestly , I completely forgot that my mother was planning on selling the house .noveldrama
I … uh , Im not sure , I told her , glancing at the ground sheepishly .
Thats too bad , Meredith said , her eyes flashing with mischief .
We would have welcomed you our home with open arms .
So , its official then ? I asked , my eyes never leave my mothers .
You are selling the house ? She sighed and met my eyes , sorrow in her gaze as she nodded .
The deal has already been made .
Meredith just brought me the contract .
One of her friends is interested in the house and purchased it with cash .
We are moving in a couple days ….
###Take 148
Chapter 0148 Gavins POV I was hesitant for a moment as I stood outside the closed door .
This was ridiculous , I shouldnt be this nervous .
But I couldnt get Judys words out of my head .
Why would I want this for my own daughter ? It was obvious Ethan wasnt serious about his mating with her , so why should I allow it to happen in the first place ? I was Gavin Landry , the Lycan Chairmen and a powerful Alpha .
If I wanted something , I could get it in a heartbeat .
But the thought of losing my daughter over this made me feel even more unsettled .
I took a deep breath and knocked on the door .
I waited a few heartbeats before the door slowly opened and Irene stood on the other side .
She looked up at me with a wary expression ; her eyes were red , so I know shes been crying .
I hated that she was in pain , and I could only blame Ethan for this .
He was hurting my daughter , and I would make sure he paid for these crimes .
We need to talk , I told her before I could back out ..
She sighed and stepped away from her door so I could enter her room .
It was dark and she hadnt cleaned up in what looked like days .noveldrama
Im really tired , can it be fast ? She asked as she made her way over to her bed .
I shut the door behind me and stepped further into her room ..
Its about Ethan , I told her , making her entire body still .
She glanced up at me , her eyes narrowed .
What about him ? I ran my fingers through my hair .
Are you sure you truly want to marry him , Irene ? I finally asked .
He makes you miserable and- He doesnt make me miserable , Daddy , Irene said , standing to her feet and folding her arms across her chest .
Hes the only one who makes me happy .
I raised my brows .
Then why are you locking yourself in your room ? I asked her .
She rolled her eyes .
Im just going through something … she murmured .
It has nothing to do with Ethan .
She was lying ; I could tell easily .
Irene , whatever it is , you can talk to me .
Im your father and- Oh , now you want to pretend like youre a caring father ? Irene spat , taking me by surprise .
You have never been there for me or Matt .
You are only around now because you have a gross crush on Matt tutor .
But Dad , newsflash , Im grown now , and I dont need you meddling in my life .
I would have loved to have you in my life growing up , but you were always too busy .
Do you have any idea what its like living in your shadow ? Its exhausting ….
+26 DONUS Chapter 0148 I was shocked by her words , and I wasnt sure what to say .
I had no idea she felt that way … or maybe she was lashing out at me because didnt know who else to take her frustrations out on .
Either way , 1 I could see the pure pain in her eyes , and it was directed towards me .
You have barely been a father to me , she continued tears filling her eyes .
And now you want to take away the only happiness I had ever known ? Do you want me to end it all ? Because Im about ready to take a knife and- ay form Dont you dare speak like that , Irene ! I growled .
You know I dont want to take anything away you .
Im just worried about you .
I want whats best … Ethan is whats best , she huffed , wiping away the stray tears from her cheeks .
Hes all I want and Im not giving up on our relationship no matter what happens .
Hes mine … and I wont let you take him away from me ! I wasnt sure what more to say , so I nodded .
###Take 149
Chapter 0149 Okay , I finally said after a beat of silence .
We dont need to talk about this any further .
Can you leave now ? She murmured .
Im really tired .
I nodded and started to leave , but then I paused and glanced over my shoulder at her .
I thought youd like to know that Ethan is sleeping in a guest room .noveldrama
We found him passed out in the bar and it looked like a prostitute was about to take advantage of him .
Irenes face paled immediately , and I could practically hear her heart thumping out of her chest .
What ? She gasped .
Why didnt you say something sooner ? I need to go see him , she said as she ran towards the doorway .
I didnt stop her , but I did call after her once she was in the hallway .
Irene , I said , halting her movements .
I love you .
I Hope you know that .
She studied me for a moment before she nodded .
She didnt say anything as she turned and quickly hurried to find Ethan .
I sighed .
There was no getting through to her .
I was surprised to see that Judy returned the next evening to train Matt ; I honestly thought she would have called in sick after our last encounter .
I was pleased to see her though ; I wanted to tell her that I was sorry for what I had said in the heat of the moment .
Then again , it wasnt my place to make her see reason .
I decided to give her a bit of space this evening , but I admittedly watched from afar with my wolf itching to get closer .
I kept my footing though , unable to take my eyes off her .
Irene and Ethan spent the entire day together ; Ethan seemed to have forgotten what had happened last night and Irene was just pleased to have him by her side .
Ive noticed there was some tension between Judy and Irene earlier and I wasnt sure where it was coming from .
Irene kept glancing at Judy whenever they were in the same area , and I swear I saw her giving Judy a dirty look .
I thought they were friends … what had happened ? Judy grabbed her phone out of her bag and frowned when she saw the screen .
She glanced down at Matt and said something to him .
He nodded and started to practice on her own while Judy went to take a phone call .
My curiosity got the best of me … who did she run off to speak to so urgently ? Judys POV When I saw Nan had called me back while I was in the middle of my training session with Matt , my heart leapt into my throat .
I hadnt spoken to her in a couple of days because we hadnt had school and Ive been so busy .
I left her a message earlier , telling her I needed to ask her something important .
Chapter 01-40 Thad no other options .
Nan lived in an apartment by herself … so I needed to see if I could crash on her couch for a while .
At least until I can figure out my next move .
Ill be right back , I told Matt .
I need to make a phone call .
Just practice your aiming and Ill be return as soon as I can .
Okay , he said with a nod before going off to practice on his own .
I hurried away from the field and brought up Nans contact information .
I clicked on the call button and pressed the phone to my cheek , waiting with bated breath .
Whats so important ? Nan asked ; she sounded tired , and I knew she had just gotten out of work .
Busy day ? I asked , admittedly stalling because I was too nervous to ask .
An annoying day , she murmured .
I got in trouble for smacking a dude after he grabbed my ass and told me hell have that as a meal .
I gasped .
That dog ! I exclaimed .
Im sorry you have to deal with that .
###Take 150
Chapter 0150 Its part of the job , she murmured .
But exhausting So , seriously Whats so important ? You sounded urgent on the phone .
I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair , tugging at the ends .
My mom is selling the house , I blurted .
What  Nan gasped .
Why would she do that ? She loves that house .
Her and your father worked hard in the beginning to get to that house .
She always used to tell us stories about it .
I know , I told her , closing my eyes .
But somehow , thans parents convinced her to sell the house and move in with them until shes back on her feet .
Those conniving assholes , she hissed .
They did this on purpose ! Im well aware , I murmured , rolling my eyes at the very thought .
So , what are you going to do ? Nan asked .noveldrama
You cant live there .
Is your mother that gullible ? Apparently she is , I sighed .
She told me we are moving in a couple of days .
You cant be and your wolf .
rious , Judy , Nan groaned .
You living in the Cash household will be so damaging to you I cant live there , Nan , I told her , dropping my voice even lower .
My mother is adamant about it and even said if Im not on board , then I can find somewhere else to live .
So , what are you going to do ? Nan asked .
I was quiet for a moment as I chewed my bottom lip .
I was kind of hoping I could crash on your couch until I can figure something out ? I asked her , holding my breath until she answered .
After a beat of silence , she finally replied , heaping a large sigh .
Oh , Judy .
I would love to have you stay with me , but my landlord is a complete asshole .
I signed a contract stating that I wont have anyone staying here for more than a couple days … she told me sadly .
Im so sorry … 13 Disappointment filled me .
She was my only hope .
I truly will have to live with Ethans family .
My entire stomach turned into a nervous pit , and I fought the urge to cry .
Its okay , I understand , I told her softly .
Ill do some research and try to find someone who needs a roomie though .
Im sure theres something around here , she assured me , her tone compassionate .
We will figure this out , Judy .
Dont worry .
I smiled , despite wanting to cry .
Thanks , Nan .
After a quick goodbye , I hung up the phone .
I turned around so I could head back to Matt but froze when 1/2 Chapter 0150 I saw Gavins dark eyes staring at me .
I had been avoiding him because of how ashamed I was for running out on him last night .
I wanted to apologize , but I wasnt sure how to start .
Hey … I said a bit awkwardly .
About last night Never mind that , he said , stopping my words .
Did hear you say something about your mother selling your house ? My face paled .
You were listening to my conversation ? I asked , feeling a bit defensive and embarrassed all at once .
It wasnt intentional , he said , narrowing his eyes at me .
But is it true ? I bit my lip ; there was no use lying to him if he heard the conversation , so I nodded .
Yes , I said softly .
Its true and Ill most likely have to live with Ethans family for a while .
His energy seemed to have darkened a bit upon hearing me say those words and a small growl escaped his throat .
I raised my brows at his reaction , and he shook his head , ridding himself of that strange outburst of emotions .
Theres another option , he finally said after a beat of silence .
And what would that be ? I asked , meeting his eyes .
Move in with me .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 151
Chapter 0151 Judys POV I stared at Gavin completely dumbfounded .
What did you just say ? I asked , my voice coming out breathy .noveldrama
I asked you to move in with me , he repeated , his face serene as he stared back at me .
Even though he repeated it , I still wasnt convinced 1 heard him correctly .
Youre joking … I said , it wasnt a question ..
I am not , he replied .
You want me to move in … here ? I asked , glancing around at my surroundings .
With your family ? He frowned and then shook his head .
No , I have a mansion just North from here , he answered .
Its fully staffed .
I use it when I have work to do in the North of the border .
I raised my brows ; I had no idea he had another home within his pack .
I must have looked as surprised as I felt because his gaze softened .
You obviously need a place to stay , he told me .
And Im offering you one .
And you would be living there as well ? He was quiet for a moment as he thought about an answer to my question .
I cant live there full time , but Ill be there often enough , he told me .
Im there enough as is because theres constant work to do in the North .
It wont be much different .
But if I stayed there full time , it would be a bit suspicious to my children .
I cant just leave them to live here by themselves , especially not Matthew .
I nodded , understanding what he was saying .
Can I think about it ? I asked him .
Of course , he replied .
Take all the time you need .
I have business to attend to , so Ill be leaving you now .
I nodded and watched as he left .
I turned away and went back to Matt who was still practicing with the bow and arrow .
Okay , how about we switch to swords now , I suggested .
Afterwards Ill make us some lunch .
He eagerly nodded and we continued practicing for the next hour .
Third Person POV What were Judy and Gavin speaking about so privately 1/3 Chapterolat The thought of Judy cozying up to her father unsettle Irene more than words could describe .
She spent the last couple of days with Etlian ; hes made his receit behaviors up to her .
She hadnt confronted him with what she had discovered , but it didnt really matter anymore .
What mattered was that Ethan seemingly had left Judy for her .
But then why was Judy always around him ? Could it be because she was having trouble letting go ? She cursed under her breath at the thought of Judy wanting her mate back .
She let Ethan go in the first place , she had no right to hold onto him like this .
Ethan now belonged to Irene , and she wasnt going to give up on him that easily .
Irene hid herself in the shadows when Judy passed her and went back Matt .
They spoke for a few minutes and then they began sparring .
Judy mentioned something about Lunch .
All trene knew at this moment was that she needed to make sure that Judy was gone .
She didnt want her anywhere near the villa any longer … she especially wanted her nowhere near Ethan .
She walked inside , plastering a smile on her lips for the servants who walked by .
None of them knew how tormented Irene truly was on the inside .
All she really wanted was for someone to love her for her … but that seemed like a fairy tale .
Ethan was the closest thing shes ever had to having her own mate , and now shes realizing how far from the truth that was .
She wasnt sure how long she spent pacing the kitchen , but when the door opened , she was still deep in thought , trying to figure out how to get Judy out of the villa and away from her man .
Irene ? Judy asked , tentatively from the doorway .
Irene spun around , her face red having been caught .
Judy ! She gasped , her eyes wide .
How long have you been there ? I didnt hear you enter .
Judy shut the door behind her .
I just walked in a moment ago and saw you pacing .
Are you alright ? She asked .
Im fine , Irene lied , forcing a smile at her .
Judy looked unsure as she walked around the counters Its just that I feel as if youve been avoiding me , Judy told her , a frown forming on her face .
I was wondering if it was something I had done ? What ? Of course not , Irene lied once again ; she was getting pretty good at this lying thing .
I could never be upset with you .
Are you sure ? Judy asked , raising her brows .
She grabbed a loaf of bread and placed it on the counter before grabbing the strawberry jam from the fridge .
Im positive , Irene assured her , biting her lower lip .
Can I ask what you are doing ? Oh , Im just making lunch for Matt , she said .
A jam sandwich , with chips .
Irene nodded thoughtfully and watched as Judy got to work .
Then , an idea formed .
However , with the 2/3 $ 20 B Chapter 0131 Idea , came a dire consequence If not careful .
Judy was ocused on the sandwich , not paying any attenti to Irene who used that as her advantage .
She walked over to one of the drawers to make sure the item she needed was still there , Gavin was usually pretty good at keeping a spare Epi pen in almost every room of the house for Matt .
###Take 152
hapter 0152 When she found the Epi pen in its usual place , she grabbed it and put it into her back pocket , knowing she was going to need it for what she was about to do .
Ive missed talking to you , Judy continued as she spread the red jam on the slice of bread .
I truly do think of you as a friend , Irene .
So , Irene wasnt the only one accustomed to lying .
There was no way Judy thought of her as a friend .
Irene felt sick to her stomach listening to her lies , but he forced a smile on her pretty face and nodded .
I agree completely .
Well have to get together soon for a real chat , Irene suggested , Judy smiled , looking more relaxed than when she had first come into the kitchen .
She applied another .
layer of jam before putting the other slice of bread on top .
She cut the sandwich in a triangle , which even Irene knew was her brothers favorite shape .
Judy walked across the kitchen in search of chips .
I believe Matts favorite chips are in the bottom cabinet , Irene said as she made her way across the kitchen and around the counters , behind Judys back judy searched the bottom cabinet for the chips just as Irene grabbed the peanut butter out of the top cabinet .
I dont see them , Judy said , sighing .
Oh , maybe they are on the top shelf , Irene said , chuckling .
Judy closed the bottom cabinet and then started to search the top cabinet while Irene got the lid of the peanut butter off and hid the container behind her back .
Judy finally found the chips and opened them .
She walked back to the sandwich and placed a handful of chips on the plate .
Oh , juice ! Judy said as she closed the bag of chips .
Te likes apple juice , right ? Irene nodded .
Yes , she answered .
Its in the fridge and his favorite Star Wars cup is in the top shelf above the stove .
Judy nodded thoughtfully and turned her back towards Irene so she could search for the required items .
Irene took that time to stick her finger in the peanut butter and open one of sandwich triangles .
She smeared peanut butter across the jam and then did the same thing with the other side .
When she heard the cabinet door shutting , Irene spun around and breathed out a sigh of relief when she saw that Judy was still not paying attention to her .
She was pouring the juice in a cup for Matt .
Once she finished , she put the juice away , which Irene took that time to lick the excess peanut butter , and a bit of jam , off her fingers to clean the evidence .
Judy walked back to the plate and her eyes met Irenes .
Are you sure we are okay ? She asked .
1/2 Chapter 0152 Irene plastered a smile on her lips .
Never better , Irene lied .
Judy looked relieved and gave her a faint smile as she grabbed the plate off the counter .
Im glad we talked , Judy breathed before walking towards the door to the parlor .
Me too… Irene said , her aura darkening as Judy left the kitchen .
She let out a breath of relief that she hadnt been caught .
This was the price she had to pay to get Judy out of this Villa for good .noveldrama
There was no and tried way her father would let her stay around them if she thought for a second Judy was dangerous to poison Matthew .
She quickly closed the peanut butter and was about to walk into the parlor to watch her handy work unfold , but then she heard Judy screaming .
She quickened her pace and burst into the parlor .
Matt was on the ground , his face blowing up like a red balloon and his hands around his throat as he struggled to breathe .
She thought she was prepared to see Matts allergic reaction , but the last thing this had happened , Irene was much younger and didnt need to be the one to save him .
She could hardly remember what he was like when it was discovered he was allergic to peanuts .
She didnt think it would be like this though … it was heart wrenching and terrifying .
Irene ! Judy screamed , and from that tone , it wasnt the first time she tried to get Irenes attention .
I asked you if you have an Epi pen somewhere  Matt tried to answer , but the more he attempted to talk , the worse the outcome was .
Panic was clear on Judys face as tears streamed down her face .
She was holding him in his arms and her entire body was trembling as she whispered soothing things to him .
Irene had the Epi pen in her back pocket , but how would she explain having it on her without giving herself away ? She was completely frozen and not sure what to do in this situation .
Her legs grew weak , and she thought she was going to fall over .
The door of the parlor burst open , and Gavin ran in along with one of the maids .
She must have gone to get him after witnessing Matts allergic reaction .
Irenes father pushed past her and grabbed the Epi- pen out of the top drawer of the parlor desk before returning to Matt .
Without hesitation , he jabbed the pen on top of Matts thigh and released the Epi into his system .
Within seconds , Matt was breathing again .
Irene couldnt believe what had happened .
She almost just killed her own brother ..
###Take 153
Chapter 0153 Judys POV This was the scariest moment of my life .
When Matt took a bite of the sandwich and suddenly , he was dropping to the ground , I had no idea what to do .
I had never been put in a position like this before .
His entire face turned red and blew up like a balloon as he grabbed his throat ; it was clear that he couldnt breathe .
The only thing I knew at that moment was he needed an Epl Pen , but Irene was completely frozen and did not hear a word I was saying .
Before I knew what was happening , Gavin was bursting through the room .
I hadnt even noticed a mald was present until she followed him in ; I was relieved because she went to get him without hesitation , and he seemed to have had an Epi pen hidden in the parlor desk .
When Matt started to breathe again , my entire body relaxed , and I allowed the tears to flow down my cheeks .
Call an ambulance , Gavin growled at the maid .
She nodded and rushed away to do as he ordered .
Gavin grabbed Matt out of my lap and cradled him in his own lap .
He was breathing on his own now , despite the fact that his face was still very swollen .
His eyes were closed too , and I wondered if he had passed out .
I leaned against the couch , willing my heart to slow down and stop hammering against my ribcage .
Who fed him peanut butter ? Gavin said through his teeth , his eyes red with fury .noveldrama
I glanced at him with a frown ; he was glaring at me , like I had somehow did something wrong .
La W … what ? I asked him , my voice coming out as a squeak .
I asked you , who fed him peanut butter ? I opened my mouth to reply , but Irene spoke first .
Judy made him lunch , she said quickly , pointing to the sandwich that was now on the ground .
Gavin grabbed the sandwich and sniffed it ; his pupils dilating as his aura darkened , Didnt Taylor go over these things with you ? I thought you were given a list of his allergies , Gavin asked , his tone rising .
1 … I wasnt sure what to say ; I was dumbfounded .
I didnt put peanut butter in his sandwich .
I knew he was deathly allergic to it .
I would never be so careless like that … but I couldnt really explain how the peanut butter got into the sandwich I had made for him .
Dad , you have to do something , Irene said , as tears fell down her cheeks .
She almost killed him .
She cant be safe to be around here … My heart fell deep into my stomach .
I stared at her with disbelief .
She was crying , but I could tell there was more to it .
She was playing Gavin like a fiddle right now and I was on the other end of this cruel joke .
Why was she suddenly doing this to me ? I thought she said we were okay .
I could hear the ambulance in the distance .
Matt groaned , bringing Gavins attention to him .
He wiped strays of damp hair out of his face , cradling him tighter in his arms .
+25 DONUS Chapter 153 Its going to be okay , he murmured against Matts head .
Youll be okay .
Ive got you .
My heart ached ; he thought I did this on purpose .
I stared at the sandwich on the ground , confusion consuming me .
I reached out and grabbed a piece of the bread and gasped when I lifted it and saw the pear it butter in the middle .
How had this been possible ? I glanced up at Irene who was glaring down at me , hereyes narrowed .
She was the only other person in the kitchen with me .
But would she seriously poison her own brother ? For what reason would she have for this ? He was only a little boy and did nothing wrong .
You hurt my family , Irene said , pointing her finger at me , You cant stay here and be Matts tutor any longer .
Tell her , Daddy ! Gavin said nothing ; he was still focused on making sure Matt was okay , Irene turned to her father .
She cant be trusted , especially with Matt .
Her careless mistake almost cost him his life .
You have to tell her she cant return to the villa ! She said as more tears streamed down her cheeks .
Soon , the parlor was crowded with different EMTs and gamma warriors .
I remained frozen on the ground while Irene pointed her fingers at me .
She remained ignored though while Gavin spoke to the pack gammas and EMTs .
Ill meet you at the hospital , Gavin finally said after they took Matt out of the room .
He turned to Irene and narrowed his eyes .
Go with your brother , he ordered .
She bit her lip and wiped at her moist eyes as she nodded .
When she brushed past him , she paused and looked up at him .
She cant be trusted .
He said nothing ; he waited until the parlor was completely cleared and the sounds of the sirens faded off into the distance .
Taylor remained at the doorway though , his arms folded across his chest .
Investigate what happened in the kitchen , Gavin ordered him .
Um … Alpha … Taylor said , almost nervously .
The camera footage in the kitchen had been broken for the last couple of weeks , remember ? You never ordered anyone to fix it .
Gavin let out a growl that sent a chill down my spine .
Do I need to make you do everything  It should have been automatically fixed , he stated through hist teeth , his Alpha aura darkening as his anger grew more intense .
###Take 154
Chapter 0154 I … I apologize , Taylor said , lowering his gaze .
It was an oversight , and It wont happen again .
Ill make sure its fixed by the end of today .
What good does that do me now  Gavin asked , turning to face him fully , his eyes red with fury .noveldrama
My son was poisoned , and we have no camera footage showing us who was responsible .
Ill do what I can to investigate , Taylor assured him The good news is Matt is alive .
If I was a second later- But you werent , Taylor said , stopping his thought process .
You have to think on the positive side .
Gavins back was tense , and he released a shuttering breath that shook his broad shoulders .
Find out what you can , Gavin said , after a beat of silence .
Yes , sir , Beta Taylor said , nodding .
He glanced at me , giving me a wary look before retreating from the room , leaving me alone with a very fuming Gavin .
I wasnt sure what to say ; my entire body was trembling as I watched Gavin pace back and forth like he was on the hunt , and I was his prey .
He was looking everywhere but me though and it unsettled me even more .
The Gavin I was starting to know was nowhere to be found ; now he was just a giant ball of fury , and it left me feeling sick to my stomach .
He finally paused and looked at me , his eyes shining with difference .
You were careless with my sons life , he said through his teeth , his eyes narrowed .
Gavin- Alpha ! He roared .
I trembled and lowered my gaze .
.
Alpha … I repeated , my voice coming out with a breathy whisper .
I dont know what happened .
I- What happened was my son was fed peanut butter , and he had an allergic reaction .
I trusted you to care .
for him and you let me down .
No , I- Are you telling me you did ! Are you telling me you didnt hand him the sandwich with peanut butter ? Im saying I didnt know there was peanut butter in it … I said , tears spilling out of my cheeks .
He scoffed , curling his lips up in disgust and making the knot in my stomach tighten .
It was your job to check for these things before allowing him to consume anything , Gavin said slowly like I was incompetent of understanding him .
I opened my mouth to speak , not sure what to say , but knowing I had to say something to calm him , but he cut me off with his harsh tone .
Leroy will take you home .
But Η Chapter 0161 I dont want to see you in my villa for the unforeseen future , he said sharply .
My heart cracked ; he was kicking me out of the villa … and his life .
Leave , he ordered , pointing at the door .
And stay away from my family .
There was a knock on my bedroom door , and I lifted my head to see my mother standing at the doorway .
She had a small frown on her lips and worry lines beneath her eyes .
I had been locked in my room for the last couple of days , on and off crying .
I hadnt told her what was wrong , but she assumed it was because we were moving .
The last place I wanted to move was Ethans family house , but at that moment , I didnt have much of a choice .
I hadnt heard from Gavin in almost 3 days and time was now running out .
My mother sold the house to Merediths friend , and we were expected to be out by the end of the day .
I spent most of yesterday packing and now my room was practically bare besides a few items of clothing and my bed .
How about you come downstairs and enjoy lunch with me , she suggested , her tone soft .
Itll be the last time we eat as a family in this house .
1 wiped the tears off my cheeks .
Im not very hungry , I murmured .
She sighed and stepped into my room , shutting the door behind her .
I know you are upset about this move , she began gently .
But you have to understand , Im doing whats best for our family .
Once your father is out of prison and we are back on our feet , we can get a new house and move out of the Cash family mansion .
I just need you to be a little patent .
As upset as I was about this move , it was nothing compared to how upset I was because of Gavins distrust in me .
I wanted to see Matt in the hospital … I called the hospital the other day and asked if he was awake and able to have visitors , but as soon as I gave them my name , they told me I wasnt allowed to visit him and to not call again , right before they hung up on me .
Gavin wont take any of my calls and Irene blocked my number completely .
I was so lost … and I wasnt sure what I was going to do .
Come on , sweetie , my mom said , putting her hand on my back .
Lets get some food and then we can discuss what our lives will look like in the upcoming weeks .
I knew what our lives were going to look like … they were going to look like hell .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 155
hapter 0155 Judys POV Judy ! We are so glad you decided to move in as well , Meredith said as she greeted us at the doorway .
Kelsey was also there with her arms folded across her chest and she was glaring at me .
I tried hard to not look her in the eyes .
This was the last place I wanted to be and the less I had to communicate with them , the better .
Its not like I had a choice , I murmured without really thinking about it .
My mother nudged me in the side of the rib and gave me a pointed look .
Shes joking , of course , she said , giving the fakest laugh I had ever heard .
She walked towards Meredith to give her a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek .
Thank you so much for your hospitality .
Of course ; its what friends are for , Meredith said , her eyes darkening as she glared at me from over my mothers shoulder .
How about I show you to your room ? That would be great , my mother said , glancing at the bags we left at the doorway .
Dont worry about them .
Ill have the butler bring them to your room , she said , glancing at the butler who nodded and grabbed my mothers belongings .
As Meredith guided her away , she glanced at Kelsey .
Can you be a dear and show Judy where shell be staying , Meredith asked , keeping her eyes locked on her daughters .
Kelsey grinned and I had a nasty feeling in the pit of my stomach .
Ill be glad to , Kelsey said , winking at her mother as she turned to face me , her eyes darkening even more .
Come with me .
I swallowed and grabbed my own bags that were left by the door .
I followed Kelsey through the mansion , neither of us saying anything .
I wish I could have said that I was shocked when we neared the servants quarters , but I wasnt .noveldrama
I was expecting to be staying with the maids and other help .
She pushed the door open and walked through the laundry room until she reached the other side ; she pushed that door open , and we stepped into what looked like a small living room , except it smelled of mildew like the laundry room and there were only a few flickering lights keeping the place lit.
The couch looked like they got it out of the dump and the attached kitchen had outdated appliances that looked like they would spark if used .
The rug was stained , and the wallpaper was peeling .
This part of the manor certainly did not fit the rest of the place .
There were a few women in the area and when they saw Kelsey , they quickly straightened their posture and awaited her orders .
She glared at them like they were nothing more than bags she had previously stepped on .
What the hell do you think you are doing ? She asked through her teeth .
There was dirt in the front foyer , and you are in here doing nothing ? Do you both need to be punished again ? .
Chapfel 0155 N … no mam , one of the maids sald , keeping her eyes on the ground .
We were just taking a rest .
We had been working all last night and all day without a break … Do I look like I give a shit  Kelsey hissed .
Get back to work you useless slaves ! They nodded and hurried out of the living room .
I gawked at Kelsey ; I couldnt believe she had the heart to talk to her workers like that .
She was only 18 years old , which meant she was learning this behavior from her mother most likely .
I was sickened by the thought , and I wanted to tell her off , but I wasnt sure what to say .
I didnt want to start any issues for my mother because I knew thats what it would come down to .
###Take 156
Chapter 0156 Without saying a word to me , Kelsey tipped her nose and walked straight towards the staircase .
We walked around the curvy hallway until we reached the door at the end .
She pushed the door operi , and I nearly vomited from the smell alone .
It was also incredibly dark ; when she flipped on the light , I nearly gagged .
There was a puddle of mystery liquid in the center of the room .
There was also a cot in the corner , a dresser , and a bedside table .
This is a prison cell , I murmured .
She folded her arms across her chest .
This is one of the nicer maid quarters , she chirped .
No need to thank me .
I rolled my eyes ; I honestly wasnt expecting much of anything else .
By the way , youre expected to earn your stay , she said , narrowing her eyes at me .
I expect chores done in a timely manner .
The other maids will help you get started .
You want me to work as your maid ? I asked her , dumbfounded .
Were they going to treat my mother like this too ? Youre living here rent free out of courtesy to your family .
If you want your mother to continue living a carefree and luxurious life in the Cash manor , then yes , you need to work as our maid , she told me .
Its the least you can do .
What is that supposed to mean ? I asked , confused .
never You pretty much tore this family apart , Kelsey said , rolling her eyes .noveldrama
You were good enough for Ethan .
I always knew it and now everybody else sees it too .
I pressed my lips together .
You know he was the one who cheated one me , right ? I asked her .
She scoffed at my words .
From how I see it , he upgraded , she said , shaking her head .
Now settle into your new room … because starting tomorrow , you work for the Cash family now Gavins POV Matt seems to be recovering nicely , Alpha Landry .
He should be able to return home tomorrow morning .
I want to keep him here over night one last time for observations , Doctor Pierce said as she went over Matthews files .
Matt had been in the hospital for a week now and he had to undergo minor surgery .
Thankfully , hes recovering , and he seems to be back to his normal self .
Except Ive noticed some changes in his attitude .
He seems kind of down and I couldnt figure out why ; hes barely said a word to me since he woke up from his surgery a couple of days ago .
Irene had barely come to see her brother as well and when I asked her why she wasnt showing him concern and visiting with him , she would just brush me off and she was busy with her wedding preparations .
say +75 BORKUS Chapter Utba I made a mental note to check in with her again later and find out whats really going on with her .
Thank you , Doctor , I said to her .
Dr.
Pierce was one of the best doctors in the country and I was glad to call her pack .
She always came through when I needed her the most .
She also happened to be Beta Taylors fated mate .
She travels around a lot so shes ten away , but when she is here , they are inseparable .
It was almost sickening .
Of course , she said thoughtfully .
I went back to Matts room and saw that he was scrolling through the tablet I had given him for entertainment .
He lifted his gaze to look at me and then averted them again .
I sighed , running my fingers through my hair for what felt like the hundredth time .
Okay , I give up .
What is going on with you ? Why are you giving me the silent treatment ? I finally asked him .
He looked at me and his frown deepened .
Do you really not know ? He asked .
###Take 157
Chapter 0157 If I knew , I wouldnt be asking , I said exasperated .
Talk to me , Matt , I said more softly as I walked closer to his bed .
Why are you upset with me ? Matt swallowed and I could see the moisture in his eyes ; it broke my heart .
Whatever was wrong … It serious .
What did you say to Judy that made her not want to see me ? I raised my brows at his question .
What ? I asked .
I was Before I passed out , after the Epi … you were angry , and I remember you saying something to her .
Then everything went dark , and I woke up here .
Its been days since that , Dad , and Judy hasnt come to see me once .
I couldnt even smell her scent when I woke up , which means she hadnt been here at all .
You had to have said something to her to make her stay away from me .
Even young wolves had an excellent sense of smell , and I knew he would be able to pick up Judys scent anywhere .
He was around her often enough that her scent probably became normal to him .
I wasn surprised that hed be able to smell if she was here or not … I just didnt think he would truly care that much .
Matt , you have to understand , I only did this for your own good.
Judy is dangerous Dangerous  Matt gasped , his eyes large and turning red with anger .
It was a look I had never seen before .
Judy wouldnt hurt anyone unless they truly deserved it , Dad , and you know that .
I sighed and sat down on the edge of his bed .
Look … I began , not sure what I wanted to say , but I knew I needed to say something to calm him .
Judy was the one who fed you that sandwich , Matt .
She was careless and because of her actions , I almost lost you .
I cant have someone like that around my family .
So , you told her to stay away  Matt asked , his eyes wide .
So , I was right .
Thats why she hasnt come to see me … you scared her away .
The only tutor I ever liked … I can find you another tutor- There is no one like her and you know that , Matt shouted … I was stunned speechless , which never happens .
He had never raised his voice at me like this before … he had never spoken to anyone like this before .
I couldnt believe he was standing up for her after what she did .
You almost died , Matt , I said a bit louder and way harsher than I meant .
It wasnt her fault ! She gave you the sandwich and- And I put the peanut butter in it ! He screamed .
Chapter 012 My words fell short as I stared at him … bewildered .
What did you just say ? I asked him after a beat of silence .
I was the one who put peanut butter in it .
I did it behind Judys back , so she didnt know even know about it .
Youre accusing the wrong person .
It was my fault … I had no words .
How ? Why ? What ? I dont understand … I managed to say .noveldrama
I forgot I was allergic , and I wanted to try it , he murmured .
I was careless .
But it wasnt Judys fault .
Please , Dad .
Dont punish her because of my actions .
I will never do it again … but please dont be angry with her .
I let out the breath I hadnt known I was holding .
Judy was innocent ? She didnt know about the peanut butter in the sandwich .
Maybe I should have listened to her in the first place .
Alpha … a mindlink came through .
It was Beta Taylor .
We have a new discovery about the peanut butter .
The perpetrator is in custody .
Chapter 0158 Chapter 0158
###Take 158
Chapter 0158 Third Person POV What do you mean you found the perpetrator ? Gavin asked through the mindlink .
He glanced at Matt who was still lost in thought .
Had he lied to him ? Matt has never lied before … has he ? It was a maid , Taylor continued .
She was found with the peanut butter in her room .
The same maid that came to get you after his allergic reaction .
She admitted she wanted compensation for aiding his rescue .
Compensation ? Gavin growled into the mindlink .
want her banished from the pack and turned into a rogue immediately .
Yes , Alpha , Taylor agreed .
Do you want to see her before shes banished .
Gavin thought about it for a second and then sighed .
No , he murmured .
Just get rid of her .
Yes , Alpha .
The link ended and Gavin turned back to Matt , his eyes narrowed .
Why did you lie to me? Matt raised his gaze to look at Gavin and a frown formed on his lips .
I didnt lie to you … Matt said , unconvincingly .
Yes , you did , Matthew , Gavin said , folding his arms across his chest .
Because you werent the one who put the peanut butter in that sandwich … it was a maid .
Matts eyes grew wide .
What ? He gasped .
Why would a maid want to hurt me  Thats not for you to worry about .
Just know itll never happen again .
Shes being banished and Ill have the other maids investigated as well .
Matt glanced at his hands and tugged his fingers nervously as he processed all his father had said .
You shouldnt have lied to me , Matt … Gavin said , his voice twinged with disappointment .
Im sorry , Dad … I just couldnt let Judy get in trouble , he said sadly , tears welling up in his eyes .
Gavin was quiet , processing his words for a moment .
So, if it truly was Judys mistake , you still would have covered for her ? He finally asked .
Without hesitation , Matt nodded .
Yes , he answered .
Shes become family , right ? Family is supposed to have each others back .
Gavin was quiet for another moment ; Matt was right .
dy had become part of the family .
She was always around , and it wasnt fair that he didnt listen to a thing she said .
He blindly accused her of something terrible and now he was seriously regretting his choices .
He just hoped it wasnt too late to rectify things .
Meanwhile , Both Gavin and Irene were oblivious of Ethans planning .
He thought having Judy in his family home would have been great for him , but he found it even more difficult to get close to her because his family had a 24/7 watch on her .
He knew Judy couldnt poison Matt ; she loved that boy too much .
He wasnt sure who was sick enough to do such a thing to a 7 year old , but he knew it wasnt her .
He did the only thing he could think to do … he bribed a maid .
Told her that he would set her up with a lifetime of fortune if she took the fall .
He handed her the peanut butter , and her greedy eyes lit up when she heard about the fortune .
An hour later , she was being banished and Ethan was wiring a ton of money into her account .
He was a man of his word after all .
Although , he knew it wouldnt be long before she ended up dead and hed get the money back anyway .
Now , he just had to make sure that Judy got her job back so at least he had a chance to see her every day and continue convincing her to become his side piece .noveldrama
Judys POV You look exhausted , Nan pointed out as she met me in the student quad .
I stared down at my failed test and let out a sigh .
I didnt have time to study for this exam because of how much work Ive been doing for the Cash family .
Is living with the Cashs that bad ? I gave her a pointed look .
Its worse than bad , I murmured .
Ive only been there for a couple of days , and I havent slept once .
Im so sorry , Judy , Nan said , resting her head on my shoulder .
I wish there was something I could do .
Ive been looking around for a place for you , but nobody has any spare rooms .
Its okay , I murmured .
Its not your fault .
Im honestly grateful that youve been trying .
Its not fair that they are working you like a dog , Nan said , folding her arms across her chest .
You have a life too and school you need to focus on .
What does your mother think about all of this ? Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 159
Chapter 0159 Chapter 0159 I shrugged and chewed the inside of my cheek .
** + I dont think she really notices how bad things are for me , I admitted .
When I tried to talk to her about it , she told me that I need to be grateful to the Cash family and I shouldnt complain too much .
Nan rolled her eyes .
Shes completely blind , she murmured .
Her mate is in prison .
Shes allowed to be blind .
I just want her to be okay , I sighed .
If anything were to happen to her … if they treated her like they treat me ..
Tears spilled down my cheeks before I could stop them , and I quickly wiped them away before anyone else saw .
Its not fair to you … she murmured .
Have you eaten ? You look like youve lost a ton of weight .
I bit my lip ; Ive barely eaten these last couple of days .
Mostly because the food the servants eat isnt edible , but also because I havent had an appetite .
Im fine , Nan , I assured her .
I glanced at the time and sighed .
I should go , I told her .
I dont want to be too late tonight .
Make sure you get some schoolwork in , she told me as I walked towards the parking lot.
I waved at her over my shoulder .
I already called an Uber , and I knew it would arrive at any minute , but I wasnt expecting to see the familiar luxury car out front .
I frowned as the window rolled down and I saw Beta Taylor in the drivers seat .
Taylor ? I asked , my brows furrowed .
What are you doing here ? I have some news for you , he told me .
I sighed and stepped away from the car .
If Gavin knew you were here , youd probably get in trouble , I warned him .
Hes the one who sent me , he surprised me by saying .
He had important work to do at his villa and couldnt come himself but- Isnt that rich , I muttered , folding my arms across my chest .
My Uber pulled up and I motioned for him to wait a moment after he honked once , alerting me of his arrival .
I have to go , I told Taylor just as I spun on my heal and walked away .
1 heard Taylor quickly getting out of the car and rushing towards me .
Wait , Judy .
Please , listen to me for a minute , he pleaded .
I had nothing to say to him and I doubted Chapter 0150 whatever it was he had to say would make anything better .
I really need to go , Beta , I said over my shoulder .
We found out the truth .
It was a maid who poisoned Matt ; it wasnt you … My entire body froze just as I was about to pull the back door of the uber open .
I thought for sure it was somehow Irene with how strangely she acted .
I didnt think it would be one of Gavins trusted maids .
Are you sure ? I asked , not bothering to look at him .
Yes , she gave a full confession .
Shes been banished from the pack and forbidden to join any pack , Taylor explained .
I sucked in as harp breath as I slowly turned to look at him .
Thats as good as death , I said , my voice coming out breathy .
Taylor nodded and ran his fingers through his hair .
other She almost killed his son , so yeah , hes pissed .
You cant blame him for being pissed and worried for his sons safety .
I sighed .
No , of course Im not , I said gently .
But he wouldnt even listen to me .
I get that he was upset , but he cast me away , Taylor .
And he regrets that , Taylor tried to tell me .noveldrama
If youll just give him a chance … A chance ? I scoffed .
He cant even come here himself to apologize .
If he wants me to forgive him , then hell have to speak to me himself .
I opened the car door and froze before getting in .
How is Matt doing ? He went home today , Taylor informed me .
Hes doing well … but he misses you .
Tears filled my eyes , and I quickly blinked them away before they fell down my cheeks .
Thank you for letting me know , Taylor .
I truly appreciate the update , but if Alpha Landry is truly sorry , then hell have to tell me himself and not send his Beta to do it for him .
I understand , Taylor said , stepped away from me .
I didnt spare him another look as I got into the car and slammed the door shut .
The Uber drive drove off just as the tears finally escaped my eyes .
###Take 160
Chapter 0160 Gavins POV Every last mald was investigated , sir , one of my garmas informed me .
They knew nothing about the crime and was astonished she would do such a thing .
None of them will vouge for her though , fearing banishment .
I nodded and tapped my fingers on my desk .
And that maid is gone ? Yes , Alpha .
Per your orders.
We escorted her off pack property a couple of hours ago .
I just sent out a memo to other Alphas informing them of her crimes and that they arent to allow her in their packs either , I said , leaning back in my seat .
Yes , Alpha , the gamma agreed .
Is there anything else I can do for you ? Just as I was about to answer , the door to my office opened and Taylor walked into the room .
He paused when he saw the gamma .
Thatll be all , I said to the gamma .
You are dismissed .
He nodded and left , smiling warily at Taylor as he passed .
Taylor shut the door after the gamma and turned to face me .
Any new information ? He asked .
None of the maids know a thing , I murmured .
And the maid who did the crime is long gone .
She isnt to step foot in another pack .
Perfect , Taylor said , a sly grin on his face .
Shell probably be dead by sundown .
If we are lucky , I muttered .
Were you able to speak with Judy ? Taylor frowned , and suddenly , he looked uneasy .
He stared at his feet for a moment , refusing to meet my eyes .
I straightened in my seat and narrowed my eyes at my Beta .
Taylor , I said slowly , getting his attention .
What happened ? Did you or did you not speak with Judy ? Taylor lifted his gaze to finally meet mine and then he nodded .
Yes , he answered .
I spoke to her .
I let out a breath of air , leaning back in my seat .
And ? Will she return to the villa and continue her job as Matts tutor ? I asked .
Taylor looked even more uneasy .
I didnt get a chance to ask , but from the sounds of it .
no , he said , returning his gaze to the ground .
What the fuck do you mean by that ? I asked , my temper rising .
Why wouldnt she return to her job now that her name has been cleared .
Chapter 0160 Taylor sighed and stepped closer to my desk .
Look , she feels wronged , and she has every right to feel that way , Taylor told me .
She wants you to apologize to her in person .
I dont think I should have been the one to see her in the first place .
I sunk back into my seat ; Taylor was right … I shouldnt have sent him to speak with her .
It should have been me .
I was the one who kicked her out that night ; made her feel worse than she already felt .
I asked her to move in with me , and then treated her like a criminal .
I ghosted her all week .
I had all her calls sent to voicemails and her texts sent to spam .
I was the one in the wrong and I sent Taylor in to speak to her on my behalf .
Youre right , I ultimately said as I stood to my feet .
Ill go to her house and speak with her now .
Taylor looked uneasy once again ..noveldrama
What else arent you telling me ? I asked , feeling even more annoyed now .
Shes not at her house anymore , he said as he pulled out his phone .
He swiped around the screen for a minute until he found what he was looking for .
I did some research on my way back here and it turns to move out that her mother actually did put the house up for sale .
It was sold off last week and they had a few days ago .
What?! I growled ; so , the phone conversation I heard was true .
Judys mother truly did sell their family home and forced her and her daughter to move elsewhere .
Why would she do such a thing ? Was her family hurting for money ? Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 161
Chapter 161 Chapter 0161 A knot formed in the pit of my stomach as I stared at my Beta .
Then , where is she  She moved into the Cash family manor , Taylor blurted .
Fury boiled through me ; over my dead body will I allow Judy to continue living in that mansion .
Not after the way they treated her the last time we were there .
Get Raymond Cash on the phone ; Im inviting myself over for dinner , I said through my teeth .
Yes , Alpha , Taylor said with a smirk .
Is there a specific reason you want me to give him ? I narrowed my eyes at him .
Im a Lycan Chairmen , I dont need a reason , I all but barked .
Taylor nodded and went off to do what I asked .
An hour later , I was receiving an email inviting me to the Cash manor for dinner with Raymond Cash and his family .
Are you sure you dont want me to go in with you ? Taylor asked as he pulled up the front doors of the Cash family manor .
If you lose your temper , it could start some issues .
I can handle myself , I muttered .
But stay here , just in case .
Will do , Taylor said as he watched me get out of the car and walk towards the front doors .
The butler opened the door before I reached the top step of the porch .
Alpha Gavin Landry , its an honor to have you in my home and having dinner with my family and 1,1 Raymond said with a broad smile .
I have to admit though , I was quite curious about the reason behind this meeting .
Theres no reason , Raymond .
I figured if my daughter is going to marry into this family , I need to get to know you a little better .
After all , we are all family now , arent we ? I said , raising my brows at him .
He looked nervous and had a small trail of sweat on his forehead .
Yes , of course , he said , nodding his head .
I apologize .
Im glad to have you here .
Well , hello there , Alpha , Kelsey , the 18 year old Cash daughter said as she made her way down the stairs .
When I heard you were joining us for dinner , I had to get the perfect dress for the occasion .
Do you like it ? It was a shimmering gold dress that sparkled under the crystal chandelier .
Hmm , I murmured .
Meredith and Kelsey will take you into the dining hall , Raymond said .
I have a quick call to make and then Ill join you shortly .
I nodded and went with the girls into the dining hall .
I paused when I saw a woman seated at the table .
She was wearing a casual evening gown , and her dark hair was pinned out of her face .
She looked up at me with familiar warm eyes and a smile tipped the corner of her lips .
# Chapter 0161 Alpha Landry .
Its so good to see you again , she said Mrs.
Montague , I said , taking her hand and bringing it to my lips .
She chuckled at the gesture but when she saw the scowl that Meredith was sporting , her smile to into a deep frown as she pulled her hand away .noveldrama
Shelly , I didnt think you were joining us this evening .
You know we were expecting an important guest , Meredith said with a fake plastered smile .
Michele Montagues face reddened as she glanced at her empty plate .
Im sorry ; nobody informed me that I wasnt invited.
I have been eating dinner with your family every ir night these last few days , she said softly .
I can go Id like it if you stayed , I said sharply .
Please .
She looked surprised , as did the others .
But nobody would go against me , an order .
Of course , she said , relaxing in her seat .
which was why I spoke it like Its not a problem at all , Meredith murmured .
Please , take a seat , Alpha She motioned for the spot directly next to Kelsey , who kept staring at me and batting her lashes .
I felt sick being this close to her , but I took my seat anyway .
Seeing Michele here was proof that Judy was also here .
It wouldnt be much longer before she also joined us for dinner .
###Take 162
apter 0162 Raymond entered the room shortly after and whispered something to one of the maids .
She nodded and went with a few others towards the kitchen .
Sorry for the delay .
Shes going to start bringing out our meal now , Raymond said as he took his seat at the head of the table .noveldrama
1 frowned .
leing that ther But not everyone is here yet , I said , glancing around the table and wasnt an empty chair left ..
Oh , were you expecting someone else , Alpha ? Raymond asked with a frown .
I wasnt aware .
Your Beta didnt inform me … I glanced at Michele Montague who looked a bit sheepish .
I got the feeling that she knew who I was talking about .
She bit her bottom lip and stared down at her plate , refusing to meet my eyes .
I guess not , I murmured , still confused , keeping it quiet for right now .
Soon , the maids were returning with our food , and they served us both the meal and wine .
Daddy , the maids have been working so hard .
I think we should give them the rest of the evening off , Kelsey said as she nibbled on her steak And who will clean up after dinner ? Raymond asked raising his brows .
Ill take care of it , she said , shrugging .
Its honestly no problem .
Its the least I can do .
Raymond thought it over carefully before relenting and nodding .
Okay , he said , taking a big bite of his food .
If you dont mind .
She grinned as she continued to eat her food .
We spoke casually for most of the meal ; I couldnt help but worry about Judy though .
She was somewhere in this manor … I could smell her as if she was right next to me .
Her mother kept avoiding my gaze and continued to eat without contributing to the conversation .
Kelsey continued to brush against me and a few times , I felt her foot on my leg .
I had to keep shoving it off and positioning myself away from her .
Raymond spoke mostly about the advantages of his pack and how excited he was that his son was going to be the Alpha .
It was a long time coming and nobody deserved it more than Ethan .
He expressed how Irene fit right into the family .
Meredith chimed in at that point and said something about Irene , inviting them to the country club for brunch at some point next week .
After the meal concluded , Raymond stood to his feet .
How about we take this conversation into the parlor , and we can have some coffee and dessert ? He suggested .
We walked out of the dining hall and towards the parlor .
Kesley stayed behind to clean .
As we waited in the parlor for our coffee and dessert , we continued the conversation .
My stomach was twisting and for 1/2 Chapter 0162 some reason my wolf was agitated .
He wanted to return to the kitchen .
I looked in the direction of the door and my brows furrowed .
Is everything okay , Alpha ? Meredith asked .
Kelsey has been awhile , I pointed out .
Oh , Im sure shes fine .
There were a lot of dishes , Meredith said , sipping on her coffee .
Still , Im going to check on her , I said , standing to my feet .
Such a noble Lycan he is , Raymond laughed , Meredith laughed as well but it was more forced and awkward .
I ignored them both and made my way back toward the dining hall .
But as I reached the door , I heard Kesleys voice sneering , which made me freeze .
You are nothing but a useless bitch ! Only good for being a slave and cleaning up after my familys meal .
How does it feel to be a nobody ? Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 163
Chapter 0163 Judys POV My stomach was growling angrily .
I hadnt eaten much other than scraps in days .
When Kelsey came to get me and told me to come to the dining hall , I thought I was going to finally get some decent food .
But I was sorely disappointed when I saw that they had already eaten and left not even a single morsel .
All that was left were their dirty plates and empty wine glasses .
She gave the maids the night off and she expected me o clean the entire mess by myself , while she watched like some kind of creep .
She ridiculed me the entire time .
I grabbed a large tray and started to pile up some of the glasses and plates on the tray .
Just as I walked past her and towards the kitchen , she stuck her foot out , making me fall to the ground and shatter most of the plates and glasses .
One of the glass chunks sliced through my finger and I hissed in pain as I saw blood pooling in my palm ..
So , fucking clumsy ! Kelsey hissed .noveldrama
Look what you did ! You were the one who tripped me , I murmured as I cradled my injured hand .
She swung her hand so fast ; I didnt even see it coming .
But I felt the sting of the slap and I bit my lip from the force .
I tasted blood in my mouth from splitting my lip open .
Why was this happening to me ? What had I done to deserve this  Awe , are you going to cry now ? Kelsey asked , folding her arms across her chest .
Get over yourself .
Nobody is coming to your rescue , especially not your weak ass mother .
I lifted my gaze and stared at her through my tear filled eyes .
Dont you dare speak about my mother like that , I said , my tone coming out shaky .
I knew if I truly wanted to , I could easily beat the crap out of Kelsey .
But I couldnt because of my mother … she would never forgive me if I ruined this for her .
I felt so helpless at this moment .
The pain in my hand stung even worse as Kelsey laughed .
You are nothing but a useless bitch ! Only good for being a slave and cleaning up after my familys meal .
How does it feel to be a nobody ? Just then , the door of the dining hall burst open , and Kelsey staggered back when she saw the intruder .
What is the meaning of this ?! A familiar roar echoed through the room .
My entire body stilled upon .
haring his voice .
I lifted my gaze , and I was stunned to see Gavin standing before me .
Anger was rolling off him in waves as he glared daggers at Kelsey .
His Lycan aura shining brighter than his Alpha aura .
He was pissed and he was about to make everyone in this house knows it .
A … Alpha , Kesley stammered , suddenly looking like a weak child .
I was just … I was … Shes hurt a and youre ridiculing her , Gavin hissed ; it wasnt a question , just an observation .
Why is Chapter 0163 she on the ground with glass all around her ? I … uh … Kelsey stammered , her face growing redder by the second .
She tripped and fell .
I was just about to help her up .
She bent down to grab my arm but stopped suddenly when Gavin roared loudly , shaking the entire manor and nearly knocking her off her feet in the process .
Do not touch her ! Gavin growled .
Even I was shivering from his anger ; he was truly fierce and terrifying when he wanted to be .
Whats going on in here ? Raymond asked as he ran into the room .
When he saw me on the ground , his eyes darkened with fury and he looked as if he was about to say something degrading towards me , but Gavin spoke first .
Is this how you raise your daughter ? To treat your house guests with disrespect  Gavin growled , turning his anger towards Raymond .
Raymond paled upon hearing Gavins question .
What ? No , of course not .
I- Tell me why your daughter thinks its okay to treat anyone like this ! Gavin said , pointing down at me .
Raymond glanced at me and then at Kesley who was now shaking in the corner .
I wanted the ground to open and swallow me whole .
Once again , the door swung open .
Gavins POV Kelsey ? Meredith asked as she walked into the room .
Mom ! Kelsey cried as she ran towards her and wrapped her arms around her mother , sobbing .
She pushed me first .
I was only cleaning the dishes , and she told me that she could do it better .
She grabbed the tray of plates and glasses out of my hands and fell in the process .
I didnt mean for her to get hurt ! Of course you didnt sweetheart , Meredith cooed her daughter .
All will be okay .
Your father will sort it out .
See , Alpha .
Its only a misunderstanding .
I stared down at Judy who had tears in her eyes ; she could barely look at me and my stomach tightened .
I needed to get her out of here .
Kelsey clearly had them wrapped around her finger , but I wasnt a fool .
I knew she was lying .
I sent a mindlink to Beta Taylor and ordered him to get me the security footage of the dining hall .
I shoved my way through the dining hall and stopped when I reached Judy .
###Take 164
hapter 0164 She was trembling and keeping her eyes on her open wound .
I wrapped my arms around her , hating how tense she was from my touch .
I pulled her into me and lifted her into my arms .
She sucked in a sharp breath as she held onto me with her good hand and carefully positioned her injured hand away so she wouldnt get any blood on me .
Take me to your bathroom , I ordered Raymond .
Yes , Alpha , he said quickly as he rushed out of the dining hall .
I followed after him , not bothering to spare the mother and daughter duo another look .
As we walked down the hallway , I heard a loud gasp from nearby .
Judy  Michele exclaimed .
What happened ? Are you okay ? Im okay , Mom , she said weakly .
Just a little cut .
Shes losing a lot of blood .
I need to patch it before she loses anymore , I said as I continued to follow Raymond down the hall .
We entered the bathroom and just as Raymond was about to say something more , I slammed the door in his face .
I let out a breath of air .
Judy was still tense , and her eyes were fixed on her wound .
I set her down on the counter as I searched the bathroom for a first aid kit .
It didnt take long to find one under the sink You dont have to do this , Judy said , breaking the silence .
I glanced up at her briefly before I rummaged through the first aid kit , uncovering bandages and ointment .
Do you expect me to let you bleed out ? I asked her in return .
She shrugged her shoulder , but she said nothing .
I grabbed her hand and turned on the water to the sink.
The moment my hand wrapped around her wrist , she tensed and made it impossible for me to move her .
I frowned at her .
Just let me take care of you , I breathed , my body becoming so aware of hers that I was practically on fire .
She stared into my eyes for a moment longer before relaxing herself .
I brought her hand to the warm water and started to rinse out her wound .
She winced from the sting and her body tensed once again , but it only lasted a moment .
Soon , she was relaxing again , and she was releasing a breath of relief .
I ran circles with my thumb around her wrist , soothing her , as I cleaned her wound .
With each stroke of my thumb , she relaxed even more and I notice she was now looking at me periodically .
I tried to pretend I didnt notice , but I could feel the heat of her stare on the side of my face , and I had to fight the smile tugging at the corner of my lips .
Why are you here? She asked , breaking the thick silence that started to consume us .
I grabbed the bandages , along with some ointment that will keep her wound from getting infected .
I came here for you .
– Chapter of I dont think she was expecting that reply because she sucked in a sharp breath and her eyes grew wide .
You what ? I paused and looked up at her , meeting her eyes .
I was wrong , I told her , keeping my eyes locked on hers .
About everything .
I shouldnt have accused you of hurting my son .
I know you arent capable of something so sinister like that .
I should have listened to you instead of kicking you out .
Im here to apologize to you .
She was quiet for a long while as she continued to stare into my eyes .
I broke eye contact so I could continue tending to her wound .
I applied the ointment , and she winced at the sting as she too refocused her attention on her injury .
I wrapped her hand tightly , making sure her wound was closed .
I sent a link to Taylor to have his mate check over Judys wound in the morning When I finished , I released my hold on her , but I did so reluctantly .
Thank you , she finally said , breaking the silence once again .
For wrapping my hand and for apologizing … I should have done so sooner , I told her , meeting her eyes .
Apologize I mean .
Sending Taylor to you was stupid and a cowardly thing to do .
She bit back a smile , but I could see it forming on her lips as her cheeks turned red.
Yes , it was , she agreed .
But you did the right thing .
And its a good thing you came when you Kelsey is crazy .
Who knows what more she would have done if you hadnt entered .
I didnt want to think about such a thing .
did .
Good thing shell never get the chance to hurt you again , I muttered as I caged her in with my arms , staring back into her eyes .
She furrowed her brows .
What are you talking about ? She asked .noveldrama
She has all the opportunity in the world .
I kind of live with her now if you hadnt noticed .
I smirked and leaned in closer to her , our lips only inches apart .
I could feel her warm breath cascading across my mouth and warming my features .
Not anymore you dont , I murmured before brushing my lips , featherlike , against hers .
Her cheeks turned a bright shade of pink as she sighed in contentment from the chaste kiss .
Because from now on you are going to live with me .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 165
Chapter 0165 Judys POV I was about to protest that I couldnt just leave with him without others being suspicious .
But before I could utter a single word , there was a knock on the door .
My entire body tensed , and I felt my cheeks burning hot .
Gavin didnt seem to be as worried because he backed away from me and then he winked .
It made my checks burn even more and I wanted to jump in front of him to keep him from opening that door , but it was too late .
He swung open the door , and my mother stood on the other side with wide eyes .
She stared up at Gavin , her body trembling before her eyes found mine .
Judy , sweetie , she breathed as she brushed past Gavin and entered the bathroom .
Are you okay ? What happened to you ? Its okay , I rushed out , not wanting her to worry .
okay .
Gavin patched me up .
Im good as new .
I showed her my hand and she cradled it gently , tears filling her eyes .
I knew my mother was aware of what was going on with me , but she was pretending that everything was okay , acting as if she wasnt seeing or hearing things through the grapevines .
I couldnt blame her ; she was only doing all of this for my father .
She wanted him out of prison desperately and she would do anything to make that happen .
At one point , I would have done the same thing for Ethan .
Im so sorry , she whispered .
Its honestly okay , Mom , I reassured her .
It was only an accident .
It happens .
I hated lying to her , but I didnt know what else to say to make her feel better .
Gavins eyes darkened because he knew it was a lie ; he saw what had happened and he was furious on my behalf .
I gave him a slight head shake as my mother threw her arms around me to hug me ; I didnt want him to reveal my lie .
He sighed and folded his arms across his chest .
I have a separate mansion in my pack , Gavin went on to say as my mother untangled herself from my arms .
Its fully staffed and Im only there when I have business at the Northern Border .
I want you both to live there .
There are no stipulations .
My mothers eyes widened as she stared up at him ; I was at a loss for words .
He was offering my mother a way out as well .
My heart swelled and tears filled my eyes .
I expected my mother to jump at the opportunity right away , but when she said nothing , my heart began to grow heavy as I stared at her concerned face .
Alpha , would you mind if I spoke to my daughter alone ? She asked him .
He looked a bit taken aback as well as he met my eyes ; was just as confused .
But he soon nodded .
Of course , he told her .
Take all the time you need .
He gave me one last look before he turned and walked out of the bathroom .
Hooked at my mother and she turned to me with a sad smile .
Chapter 0165 Mom , whats going on ? I asked her .
Firstly , can I ask you if something is going on between you and Gavin Landry ? She asked , raising her brows .
I was shocked by her question , and I felt my cheeks burning .
No , of course , theres not , I told her , lying once again .
Why do you ask ? She shrugged .
He seems to show you a lot of concern .
I know youve been working in his pack as a tutor and thats how you know him … but he seems to treat you with a care that seems almost intimate .
Nothing is going on , I said quickly , staring down at my hands .
Is that why you wanted to talk to me ? No , she said , stepping closer to me and taking my hands in hers .
I cant leave here Judy .
I sucked in a sharp breath .
What ? Why not ? I asked her , shaking my head , not wanting to believe her words .noveldrama
She looked sad as she sighed .
Because then we wont have the Cash family to help us , she murmured .
They offered me money to do some housework for them .
I get to live in one of their pristine guest rooms and eat with the family , but Ive been given basic chores .
In return , they will give me a large sum of money thatll help pay off your fathers debt .
I raised my eyebrows .
They want you to be a maid ? I asked her , my lips pressing in a thin line .
Ive seen firsthand how they treat their servants , and I didnt want my mother to be a part of that .
My stomach twisted at the very thought , and I suddenly wasnt feeling too well .
Not exactly , she told me .
Its different because they still treat me like an old friend and a part of their family .
I shook my head , tears filling my eyes .
Mom , you cant be serious .
Please , Alpha Landry is giving us a way out of here ….
Is he offering to pay your fathers debt ? She asked .
Have you asked him ? I swallowed the lump in my throat ; I hadnt exactly told him about my fathers debt .
Of course , he knew I was desperate for money from all those times Ive tried to seduce him before truly getting to know him … but I never told him of my family issues .
I was a bit embarrassed about it if I were to be honest and I truly didnt want him to know about it .
###Take 166
Chapter 0166 At least not right now .
My mother could read my expression , and her gaze softened .
It wasnt fait of me to ask you to get Ethans help , and it wouldnt be fair of me to ask you to get Gavins .
help .
So , Im doing my part and trying to get help without making our family look pathetic , she explained .
This is something I have to do .
If all goes well , I should be able to get him out of prison in a few months and we can be a family again .
Tears slipped down my cheeks as I nodded , not sure what else to do or say .
She cupped my face with her warm hands and brought my face up to meet her gaze .
But I think you should go to that mansion and take him up on that offer , she continued .
I narrowed my eyes at her .
What ? I asked , shocked .
I cant just leave you here ..
Ill be fine , sweetie , she assured me .
But I know things arent okay for you here and I dont want to subject you to any more of this .
I know your injury wasnt an accident and Im so sorry to put you in this position .
I shook my head .
No , its okay , Mom .
It truly was an accident … You cant lie to me , Judy , she told me , releasing her hold on my face .
I only want whats best for my family and for right now , I think you living in the Landry mansion would be best .
Once your father is out of jail , we will get back on our feet .
We will get a new home and be a family once again .
But until then , I think this would be best .
I bit my lower lip as more tears slipped out of my eyes .
I love you , I whispered hoarsely .
She smiled and wrapped me in her arms .
I love you so much , she murmured .
You were the best decision we had ever made .
I love being your adopted mother and Im so sorry this is happening .
I sniffled and wiped my moist cheeks .
Its not your fault , I assured her , knowing just how true that was .
It was Ethans fault ; I didnt trust him or his family and now my mother was a victim to them .
There was nothing I could do about it , which was even worse .
After a moment , my mother opened the bathroom door and stepped into the hallway .
Gavin wasnt anywhere near the bathroom , and I was relieved by that because it meant he hadnt heard the conversation .
I followed my mother out of the bathroom and down the hallway until we reached the parlor ; we heard the voices of the Cash family as they spoke every excuse known to man to Gavin about 1/2 Chapter 0166 how I got Injured .
1 couldnt help but roll my eyes .
When we entered , the conversation started to subside as their attention was fixed on me .
Oh , Judy , youre back , Meredith said as she rushed over to me , acting like she cared .
How are you feeling ? Hows your hand ? Im so sorry about what happened .
Its okay , I murmured , glancing at Gavin who only looked pissed .
He could see through it as well and I was relieved by that .
How about you get back to your room and rest for the evening , she told me .
1 I looked at my mother and she gave me a faint smile .
I nodded .
Okay , I murmured .
Good night .
I turned and left the parlor but as soon as I stepped out and the door shut behind me , it reopened and then shut .
I turned and saw Gavin following me , his eyes dark with rage .
Youre living with me whether you like it or not .
I dont want you here any longer , he told me , fully expecting that I would put up a fight , but I had already made up my mind .
I nodded .
Okay , I told him , defeated .
His expression softened and he looked almost surprised .
Okay , then , he murmured .
And your mother- Shes staying here , I told him , stopping whatever he was about to say .noveldrama
It was her choice .
She doesnt want to come .
.He raised his brows .
Are you sure ? Shes made up her mind , Gavin , I told him .
But if we leave … you have to promise me that youll make sure they treat my mother with respect and kindness .
Dont let this … I held up my injured hand .
… happen to her too .
H His eyes darkened and he nodded .
Ill speak with them , he said without hesitation .
They wont lay a finger on her .
I was relieved to hear that , and I turned to walk back to the servants quarters , but he grabbed my arm to stop me .
Pack your things .
Beta Taylor will be by tonight to grab you .
Tell them youre staying with a friend going forward .
11 Chapter 0167
###Take 167
Chapter 0167 Gavins POV After Judy went back to her room , I returned to the parlor where Richard was speaking with his wife .
They both looked nervous as they discussed what they were going to do If I did happen to pull my funding .
Without my funding , they would go bankrupt and they would lose almost everything .
They would have to use the profits from their business to pay back the money I invested .
I turned to Michelle and gave her a small smile ; she watched me warily and I knew she was only worried for her daughter .
How about you rest as well ? I need to speak with the cashs alone for a moment , I told her softly .
She nodded and soon , she left .
I turned to the Cash family , my eyes narrowed .
Richard silenced his conversation and then turned to Kelsey .
Leave us , he ordered .
She pressed her lips in a thin line and folded her arms across her chest .
Can I stay ? She asked him .
No , he said firmly and without hesitation .
We need to speak with Alpha Landry alone .
She pouted , but she didnt argue any further .
She soon left , but not before batting her lashes up at me and winking .
I recoiled at the sight and remained quiet until she was gone .
I turned to face Richard and Meredith who both looked small as they stared back at me .
Im not pleased with what I had seen here tonight , I said to them .
I felt like I was scolding a couple of children .
How can I allow my daughter to marry into a family I cannot trust ? You can trust us , Alpha , Richard assured me .
It was only a misunderstanding .
It will be dealt with properly .
Are you forgetting that I funded most of your business and I can take it away in an instant ? Youd have to pay back every dime I gave you , I reminded him .
I funded most of the businesses around the Werewolf Kingdom , but only the ones I saw potential in .
They were investments and they mostly did me well .
Some other Lycans funded some as well , but not nearly as many as I did .
If I were to take it away , they would have to pay me back every dime invested .
Of course , I didnt forget Alpha … If theres any further harm to either Judy or her mother , there will be consequences to those actions , understood ? They both nodded .
Yes , Alpha , Richard said , bowing his head to me .
He nudged his wife who also bowed her head to me .
Chapter 0167 .
No harm will come to either of them .
You have our wols , Judys POV spent an hour packing my clothes and other personal belongings .
Most of my things were in storage , so I didnt have a lot of things here .
But I had to stop a few times to gather my thoughts .
I couldnt believe I was going to move into Gavins mansion without my other .
Leaving her here was the hardest thing ! ever had to do , and my stomach twisted at the very thought .
I sat on the small cot that had been my bed for most of this week and took in a deep breath .noveldrama
I certainly wasnt going to miss this place that was for sure .
Most of the malds treated me terribly because they felt I didnt belong there .
But none of them treated it would only mean trouble for my mother , so e as badly as Kelsey and if I stood up for myself , I knew bit my tongue and let her do as she pleased .
I continued to pack until all my things were accounted for .
Soon , the door of my room was swinging open , which wasnt shocking .
There was no privacy here and when Kelsey wanted me for something , she never knocked .
She stormed into my room and her scowl was furious as she glared at me .
What the fuck do you think youre doing ? She asked , staring at the bag on my bed .
Im leaving , I told her without looking at her .
The hell you are , she growled , grabbing my bag , and ripping it out of my hands .
I was so stunned by her movements that I was frozen as I watched my bagly across the room and hit the wall with a loud thud .
You arent going anywhere .
You have nowhere to go .
You are nothing but a useless orphan and youre going to stay here until you die , bitch ! I narrowed my eyes at her , my temper rising with each breath I took .
Im staying with a friend , I told her through my teeth .
My mother already gave me her blessing and 11 Chapter 0168 Chapter 0168
###Take 168
Chapter 0168 She let out a loud laugh , cutting off my words .
# Oh , you mean the mother who just signed a contract to be our live in maid for the next unforeseen future ? She asked , folding her arms across her chest Now , youre a maids daughter , which is even worse than what you currently are .
It wont be long before youre sharing a room with your precious mother .
My mom never lets maids live in her pristine guest rooms .
Shes going to be moving here by tomorrow morning at the latest .
1 I pressed my lips in a thin line ; they promised her that she would be able to live in the guest room and still be a part of the family while she did some household chores .
Had they lied to her ? Did she even read the contract before signing it ? My stomach twisted in a tight knot and my hands trembled at my sides .
I couldnt let that happen to my mother ; Something had to be done about this .
They were terrible people , and they were feeding off our misfortune .
I will kill you if you do anything to hurt my mother ! growled , my eyes growing red with fury .
Her hand moved so fast that I barely saw it , but I felt the sting in my cheek and the loud slapping sound .
Before I could react , she grabbed my hair and yanked me to the ground as her foot came down and stomped on my injured hand .
I screamed in pain as I grabbed her ankle and pulled her to the ground .
I focused my attention on all my training even though I was pretty sure my hand was fractured or at least sprained .
However , I managed to the best of her and pinned her to the ground .
She screamed and clawed at me , bringing forth the claws of her wolf , and scratched at my flesh until the scent of my blood filled the room .
I hissed out in pain , trying to get her to unlatch from me .
Before I could retaliate , the door swung open , and I heard a loud gasp .
Kelsey ! Meredith cried as Kelsey managed to shove me off her and swiped her claws across the flesh of my face , leaving her markings on my cheek .
I cried out in pain as the sting took over my entire body and burned .
Her nails had wolfbane nail polish on them , which was why it hurt so badly and made me coward away .
What is the meaning of this  I heard Beta Taylor growling as a couple of Silver Crescent guards grabbed Kelsey and pulled her away from me .
She attacked my daughter , obviously , Meredith hissed as she went over to Kelsey .
She should be punished ! My fingers trembled as I kept my injured face covered and my eyes averted away from them .
Get Judys things , Taylor ordered one of the guards who nodded and went to grab my suitcase which was thrown across the room .
Taylor turned to Richard who stood at the doorway with his eyes wide as he looked between me and his daughter .
Is this how you raised your daughter ? You should be ashamed of yourself .
Alpha Gavin will hear about this .
P … please , Richard stammered .
Theres been a misunderstanding … Hes made it perfectly clear before he left that no harm would come to Judy and her mother .
You broke your vow , Taylor growled , pointing at me .
Look at what your daughter did to her ! I will deal with Kesley .
She wasnt there for the conversation .
Shell be punished but please , dont Chapter 0168 punish the rest of us for her actions , Richard pleaded Deal with her , Taylor said after a moment of pause as he narrowed his eyes .
Or we will and your new role as the Delta of the Redmoon pack is terminated , and your son will have no chance of becoming the Alpha .
Not to mention all the funding from Silver Crescent will be pulled .
Y … yes , Beta , Richard said , bowing his head .
I will deal with it .
Beta Taylor turned to me and without hesitation , he led me into his arms , cradling me bridal style .
He turned to his guard and nodded .
They released Kelsey and they started to leave the room .
Kelsey was trembling with rage when she watched us leave .
What the hell is going on ? Where are you taking her ? She demanded .
Kelsey ! That is enough ! Richard growled .
But Dad ! She complained .
I said enough !! He growled , practically shaking the entire manor .noveldrama
Im not sure what happened next because I soon blacked out .
Todays Bonus Offer GET IT NOW
###Take 169
Chapter 0169 Judys POV Youre a miracle working , Beta Taylor breathed .
Theres not even a scar left .
I cant take all the credit , a womans voice replied .
er wolf is strong and was able to heal most of her already .
1 only applied some ointment to help with the external Injuries .
Alpha Gavin will be pleased when he sees her , Taylor sald .
When do you think shell wake up ? She was overly exhausted and very dehydrated , not to mention a little malnourished from this week , the woman said softly .
I cant imagine what she went through this week .
We should let her rest a little further .
I groaned as my fingers twitched to life and both their voices faded away .
I managed to open my eyes but closed them upon seeing the bright light of whatever room I was in .
I could tell I was in bed , and I could hear the light beeping of the heart monitor near the bed .
I must have been in the hospital .
I remembered Beta Taylor carrying me out of the Cash family manor , and then everything went black as I passed out .
He must have brought me to the Silver Crescent Hospital , which was known to have the best doctors in the world .
It seems shes waking up now , the woman said , sounding pleased .
Once again , youre a miracle worker , Taylor said , sounding far too proud of this woman .
She chuckled and for the first time , it sounded almost intimate .
My brows furrowed together as I moved my head , trying to get a feel for my body .
Thankfully , I wasnt feeling any pain , and I was even able to move my hand , which meant it was no longer sprained .
Behave yourself , Taylor , the woman said .
I heard him kissing her and her breathy chuckles .
When I opened my eyes for the second time , it was a bit easier this time .
I looked over to see Taylor kissing the side of her face and she playfully shoved him away .
Not while Im working , she murmured against him But Ive missed you , he replied .
Youve been gone too long .
Its my job .
You know there was an emergency in a different faraway pack that I had to attend to .
But Im here now and Im not going anywhere for a while .
We have time to catch up , she assured him .
He pouted and wrapped his arms around her .
I know , he sighed .
Its not fair .
No one else is separated from their mate for this long .
Mate ?! This woman was Beta Taylors mate  I knew that Taylor was mated , but I honestly didnt think much about it .
I had no idea that his mate was a doctor in the Silver Crescent hospital , let alone a traveling doctor .
Chapter 0169 Its been 2 weeks , she chuckled ..
Neither of them noticed that my eyes were now open as they fell into an easy conversation .
As they continued to talk , I examined her for a long while .
She was very pretty with her long blond hair pulled back into a neat ponytail and her large , framed glasses She wore a long white doctors coat with a pink collared shirt underneath .
She was tall and thin , but not as tall as Taylor .
He still towered over her by at least a foot , and they looked so comfortable with one another .
It was strange to see Taylor like this and it melted my heart a little .
Taylor was the first to notice that I was awake , and his eyes widened .
Oh , sorry , he said , stepping away from his mate .
I didnt notice you were awake .
How are you feeling ? The doctor then glanced at me and her eyes also widened as her cheeks grew impossibly pink.
My apologies , she said , straightening out her coat .
Do you feel any pain ? Are you able to speak ? I licked my dry lips .
I think so , I said hoarsely .
Um … do you have any water ? Oh , course , she said quickly as she grabbed a water bottle from the nearby mini fridge and brought it over to me .
She opened the top , cracked the seal , and brought it to my lips , helping me take a slow and steady sip .
The cold water soothed my aching throat and made me feel a million times better .
I couldnt remember the last time I had a drink of water , but it was just what I needed .
How long have I been here for ? I asked , glancing between the two of them .
Only for the night , Taylor said .
You slept all night and into the morning .
Its mid morning right now .
I nodded and glanced around at my surroundings ; I was right , it was a hospital with the Silver Crescent Silver symbol on the wall .
You were overly tired , the doctor informed me .
And dehydrated .
But other than that , you are healthy , and all your injuries have been healed .
And my face ? I asked , remembering that Kelsey scratched me with her Wolfsbane nail polish .noveldrama
I reached up to touch my cheek , but I felt nothing there .
Your face looks good as new , the doctor assured me Not even a scar .
###Take 170
Chapter 0170 Shes truly a miracle worker , Taylor said with a proud smile .
I raised my brows at him and then glanced at the doctor .
I dont believe weve met , I told her , my voice starting to come back fully as I took another larger slp of water .
She blushed and gave me a small smile .
Im Doctor Elizabeth Pierce .
You can call me Eliza though because I know you are close to Taylor and the Alpha .
I glanced at Taylor , giving him a perplexed look .
She knows that you are working for Gavin , he admitted .
And that youre moving into his mansion .
And why does she know this ? I asked , already knowing the answer , but wanting to hear it from him .
Because Eliza is my mate , he explained .
I glanced at her , and she was looking at him with a proud smile .
She looked like she was in her early 30s , maybe even late 20s .
Shes also the best doctor in the world , he continued .
Shes the leading doctor in his hospital and travels frequently .
She just got back after being away for 2 weeks .
Ill be around for a while , she assured him .
Im not due to leave anytime soon unless theres another emergency that requires me .
Which isnt likely .
I smiled at their interaction ; they were cute together .
Perhaps she could be a friend ; I could use another one of those , especially if I was going to be living in the Silver Crescent pack .
Nan was going to lose her mind when I told her this ; Iwasnt going to keep this from her .
She was my best friend , and she deserved to know what was going on in my life ; it was time that I confessed some things to her .
Besides , its not like Id be able to hide the fact that Im living with Gavin Landry .
She would eventually find out the truth and I didnt want her to find out from anyone besides me .
You are free to go whenever you are ready , Eliza told me with a warm smile .
Taylor , will you take you to your new home .
My new home .noveldrama
That felt weird to think about .
I nodded and glanced at Taylor .
Your things have been brought there already , including the stuff you put in storage , he explained .
I was surprised by this , and my face must have shown it because he let out a laugh .
Alpha Gavin is thorough , he explained .
Should we get going ? Okay , I said .
After a few more minutes of me drinking water and Eliza taking the IV out of my body and detaching the to heart monitor , I was ready to leave .
Ducion they had me sitting in a wheelchair as they wheeled me out of the hospital and towards the waiting car .
Taylor said goodbye to his mate before .
helping me out of the seat ; my legs felt a little weird , but I knew the feeling wouldnt last long .
I sat in the back seat of the car and before Taylor shut the door , Eliza poked her head in .
I hope we can see each other again soon , Judy .
It was very nice to meet you .
I nodded and smiled at her .
Yeah , you too , I told her .
She was the one who shut the door .
I watched as she kissed Taylor gently on the lips .
After they said their final goodbyes , he jumped into the drivers seat , and we drove away from the hospital .
Gavins POV Shes on her way to the mansion right now , Beta Taylor mindlinked me while I was in my -glanced at the time and saw that it was just past noon .
office .
I Ill head there shortly , I told him .
I closed the link and tried to finish my work as quickly as I could .
I heard the sound of a new email alerting my computer and when I opened it , I frowned at the name of the person who sent the email .
I recognized the name Chanse Wellington ; he was a famous movie director , and I had been in contact with him over the last couple of months because he wanted to film a movie in my pack .
I signed the contract stating my terms and conditions and the deal was finalized a few weeks ago .
I hadnt heard back from him yet though so I wasnt sure when the movie filming would take place .
But it seems he finally figured it out and was returning my email after keeping me waiting for weeks .
Hello Alpha Landry , Sorry for the short notice , but one of our actresses has an urgent matter to attend next month and wont be able to continue filming this movie .
We decided to push up the date of filming to appease her schedule .
We will be there next week .
If you have any questions or concerns , dont hesitate to respond to this email .
Otherwise , we will see you soon and we look forward to meeting you ! Best , Chanse Wellington .
###Take 171
Chapter 0171 Judys POV I wasnt sure what I was expecting when I arrived at the mansion , but it was gorgeous and almost as big as Gavins villa .
My mouth nearly fell open as we drove toward the glant stairs that led to the front door .
This place is fully staffed , Taylor explained .
It only doesnt have a butler , but I dont think youll need one .
Gavin assigned Leroy to this mansion as well , so he will be here to give you rides to and from whenever you need them .
He was assigned his own room with the staff so he will be here 24/7 .
Of course , Ill be in and out as well and so will Gavin .
I nodded along with each word he spoke , feeling incredibly overwhelmed .
There are 4 maids here , one of them being the head mald , and a head chef with 2 kitchen aids .
The maids each have a different role ; theres a maid for laundry , a maid for cleaning , and a maid for serving , and then the head maid is in charge of it all .
Dont hesitate to ask her for anything .
All your things have been put in your room already , including your cell phone .
I was relieved to hear that he recovered my cell phone from the Cash household ; I hadnt put it in my bag , and I worried that I would have to get a new one .
The maids worked on getting your room together all morning and putting your things away so it should be easy for you to find what you need .
Your schoolwork had been placed on your desk and everything , Taylor continued , surprising me even further .
Thats very thoughtful , I told him .
Thank you for all of this .
Dont thank me , he said , glancing at me through the rear view mirror .
It was all ordered by Gavin .
He wanted to make this move was easy as possible .
I think he feels bad about the whole Matt situation .
He knows it wasnt your fault and the one responsible has been dealt with .
I nodded , already knowing this because Gavin told me I appreciate that , I told him , glancing at my hands .
Will I be able to see Matt again ? Of course , Taylor said with a smirk .
You wont be getting out of work that easily .
So , I still have a job ? I asked .
Gavin already said as much , but I still wasnt sure if it was true or not .
Yes , Taylor replied .
Matt refuses to have another tutor .
You know he was willing to take the fall if it meant getting you back .
Wait what ? I asked , furrowing my brows .
Before I found out the truth , Matt told Gavin that it was him who put the peanut butter in the sandwich .
Claiming he forgot he was allergic , Taylor laughed .
My eyes grew wide as I stared at Taylor .
Are you serious ? I breathed .
He did that for me ? That boy worships you , Taylor told me as he turned the engine off .
So , it would break his heart if you werent his tutor anymore .
Chapter 0171 I nodded and bit my lower lip , unable to hide the smile forming on my face .
I couldnt believe Matt would do that for me .
Of course , I would never let him take the fall .
If I had found out that Matt took the fall and that was the reason I got my job back , I would have told Gavin that it was me and that Matt had nothing to do with it .
But Im pleased that it didnt come to that .
Come on , Taylor said as he got out of the car .
I followed him out of the car , walking closely behind him as we walked into the mansion .
It was just as beautiful on the inside as it was on the outside with its marble flooring and rustic designs .
It reminded me of the designs in Gavins villa and I could tell he had a specific taste in style .
The one thing that I noticed was that this entire place smelled like Gavin ; even with the various other smells in the mansion , like the staff and the food , I could heavily smell Gavin , and it made both me and my wolf relax .
We were immediately greeted by a middle aged woman who was about my height and her eyes were warm and welcoming .noveldrama
She had short curly brown hair pulled out of her face with a bandana , and unlike the servants in the Cash family manor , she wasnt wearing a maids uniform .
She wore a casual T shirt and an old pair of jeans .
Hello , she said sweetly .
Harper , this is Judy , Taylor introduced .
Judy , this is Harper , the head maid .
If you need anything , shes the one to ask .
I nodded .
Its nice to meet you , I said to her .
Likewise , she replied .
I hope everything is to your king.
If you are hungry , let me know and Ill have the kitchen staff cook you a meal .
Send me a list of your favorite foods and Ill make sure we have plenty of ingredients for them .
###Take 172
Chapter 0172 I smiled .
Thats very kind of you , I told her .
But Im okay for right now .
Maybe later ? She nodded .
Of course , she said thoughtfully .
Taylor turned me .
I have to leave now but Gavin will be here later , he assured me .
Harper will take you to your room and help you get settled .
I nodded .
Thank you, Taylor , I said to him .
He nodded and then after a final goodbye , he left the mansion .
I turned to Harper who kept a sweet smile on her lips .
Its nice to have someone to serve , she said sweetly .
Alpha Gavin is here sometimes , but not nearly as much .
It gets boring taking care of an empty house after a while .
Im sure , I chuckled .
Im glad to be here .
Let me show you to your room , she said sweetly .
As we walked up the stairs , she started to explain all the things this mansion had to offer .
There was a library , a garden , an outdoor pool with a hot spring , and each bedroom had its own bathroom .
I was used to having my own bathroom , so it was going to be nice to have that again .
When we reached the second floor , we walked down the wide and brightly lit corridor until we reached my room .
She stepped into the room first and my mouth fell open .
Not only was it much bigger than the room I spent my entire life in , but it also had all my stuff .
Even the bed had my comforter and sheets on it ; all my pictures and awards were neatly placed on dressers and shelves .
My books were on the bookshelf and as Taylor said , my schoolwork , along with my backpack , was on the desk on the far side of the room which sat in front of the large window that overlooked the packland .
There was another large bay window on the other side of the room that overlooked the gardens , and , in the distance , I could see the pool and the hot spring .
There was a vanity that held my makeup and hair supplies , and I wasnt surprised when I peeked into the bathroom and saw that all my toiletries were already placed in their rightful spots .
The bathroom included a large shower and a separate whirlpool tub , along with a toilet and plenty of counter space .
The closet has all your clothes , Harper said as I stepped out of the bathroom .
She had the walk in closet door opened and I peeked my head in to see it filled with all my clothes , along with a few new things that I didnt recognize .
Some of these arent mine , I told her .
Chapter 0172 She nodded and bit her lip .
Some of the clothes that you brought to the Cash major looked deliberately ruined , she admitted .
I sighed and I couldnt help but roll my eyes .noveldrama
I knew it had to be because of Kelsey .
Im not sure when she went into my room and destroyed my clothes , but it had to have been recently because I didnt notice it .
So , I went shopping and bought you a few new outfits .
I hope you dont mind .
I couldnt find the exact outfits , so I improvised , she said , peeking up at me .
You didnt have to do that , I told her .
I would have been fine without them and even so , I could have replaced them myself .
She shrugged .
Gavin insisted that I got you some new clothes ; it was his money that was spent so its not a big deal , she assured me .
I sighed .
Im not sure if thats better or worse , but I didnt want to seem ungrateful and complain so I only thanked her once again .
I hope everything is to your liking , she said , glancing around at the room as we stepped out of the closet .
Its perfect , Harper .
Thank you , I told her .
She nodded , looking pleased with herself .
If you need anything , dont hesitate to call me .
You can either come find me or call or text me on your phone .
I took the liberty of putting my number in your contacts , she told me as she pointed to my phone charging on the nightstand .
I was relieved to see it and I smiled gratefully .
Unfortunately , we cant mindlink because you arent officially part of this pack .
So , thatll have to do for now .
We could change that , a deep voice said from the doorway , making me freeze entirely .
If you pledged yourself to me that is .
###Take 173
Chapter 0173 Judys POV Gavin was leaning against the doorframe with a smirk on his lips and I rolled my eyes at his words .
There wasnt a chance in hell I would convert myself and switch packs .
Not that easily at least .
Despite Ethan about to become the Alpha of the Redmoon pack , it was still my home .
My family was from there and so were my friends .
Gavin knew this though and I could tell he was joking because he looked like he was about to burst into laughter upon seeing my face .
Alpha , its good to see you , Harper said , bowing her head in respect .
I was just getting Judy settled and making sure she was okay before I attended my other duties .
Was there anything you need while Im here ? No , Im okay .
Thanks , Harper , he said to her politely .
I was pleased to see that he spoke to his staff with respect , unlike the Cash family who treats their staff but Taylor made it clear that no harm would come to my mother , or else Gavin would have the last word .
trusted them to keep their promise and protect my mother , so I had to hold onto that hope .
like worthless slaves .
My chest tightened when I thought about my mother still being in that e Harper nodded and then retreated from the room , leaving me alone with Gavin .
I swallowed as he stepped into the room , closing the door behind him .
Is everything to your liking ? He asked , glancing around the space .
Yes , its perfect , I told him .
I cant believe you got all my stuff .
He shrugged .
It wasnt hard , he admitted .
I just wanted you to be comfortable .
My checks grew warm , and I knew they were probably incredibly red .
Thanks again , I told him .
For everything .
Im glad to see that you are well .
Dr.
Peirce truly is the best doctor , he said , studying my face .
I felt embarrassed that he had seen me in that state .
She was very kind .
Taylor is lucky to have her as a mate , I told him .
Yes , he is , Gavin agreed .
By the way , you are expected to return to your duties Monday evening after school .
Youll be coming to the Villa to tutor Matt .
Leroy will be here later and will be staying here .
Taylor told me , I told him .
Gavin nodded .noveldrama
We stood awkwardly for a moment ; I knew we needed to talk about our relationship going forward because it hadnt been discussed yet .
Things got so messy after they had been so good for so long and now , I wasnt really sure where I stood .
I kept my eyes on the ground , but I felt Gavin studying my face with a curious expression .
Chapter 0123 1 bit my lip and glanced up at him , seeing his dark eyes trailing my face and down my body .
We should talk about us ….
1 finally found the courage to say .
I know things were messy after the Matt thing but Before I could finish my sentence , Gavin was closing the distance between us and his lips were covering mine .
He kissed me with more need than I ever thought Gavin would ever feel towards me .
His kiss sent an electric chill throughout my entire body ; I Instantly wrapped my arms around his neck , pulling myself close to him and he lifted me off the ground , forcing my legs around his waist as he walked towards my bed .
His tongue slipped out of his mouth and traced my bottom lip ; I parted my lips , allowing him entry and I felt the warmth of his tongue in my mouth as he tasted everything I had to offer , I couldnt help but moan against him as heat coursed through my entire body .
as soon I was itching to get myself and him out of these clothes .
He didnt keep me waiting long though , as my back was on the bed , he lifted off me and removed his shirt .
My heart hammered against my ribcage as I ran my fingers down his incredible abs , my mouth watering with desire as I took him in .
How was it possible for him to be this good looking and he was allowing me to touch him ? I could hardly contain my excitement ; I had missed this .
These past couple of weeks had been so lonely and all I wanted was to be with him again .
I was quick to remove my shirt , and he helped me remove my bra , exposing my bare chest to him .
His eyes darkened at the sight of my breasts and without warning , he was sucking and teasing my nipples , making me gasp with pleasure .
More heat coursed through me and as he worked to undo my pants , leaving me in only my panties , I could feel the evidence of my desires pooling between my legs .
###Take 174
Chapter 0174 Chapter 0174 He kissed down my body , making goosebumps form on my flesh and I wiggled beneath him with anticipation .
He slipped my pantles down my legs , and I kicked them to the ground .
I was completely naked now and exposed to him .
I wasnt embarrassed though ; I was too far gone to truly care .
He kissed my inner thighs , taking in my scent and the moisture that collected beneath me .
His eyes were dark with desires , and I knew his wolf was on the edge.
He let out a low growl as he buried his face in my core and devoured me .
I nearly screamed at the incredible sensation .
I dug my fingers into the bedsheets and moaned out his name , not caring if I was too loud and the maids could hear me .
I felt the pressure building quickly and just as I exploded , I cried out for him , making him growl again as he lapped up my orgasm .
He brought his lips back to mine so I could taste myself on his tongue and it turned me on even more .
I ran my fingers down his body , pushing at him gently , urging him to lie down on his back .
He didnt hesitate to oblige , and he watched me as I straddled his lap .
His eyes were dark as he took me in .
He helped me undo his pants and I slid them , along with his boxers , down his legs and onto the floor .noveldrama
He sprung to life and once again , I was amazed by his size .
I was only ever with Ethan , and even then , we never had sex , but we had done other things , and I did see his manhood .
It was nothing compared to Gavins though , If I hadnt already had sex with him , I wouldnt have believed it could fit inside of me .
He took hold of my hips as I ground against him .
His eyes were dark with lust as he watched me .
I smirked at him and lowered my face to him so I could kiss him , sucking his bottom lip into my mouth and making his mouth nice and swollen .
He nibbled at my bottom lip in return , making me chuckle .
Without warning , he lifted me off him , positioned me directly over his erection , and lowered me down with a final thrust .
I gasped at the sensation of him filling me .
The shock turned into pure pleasure , and I suddenly felt at peace … like I was officially whole again .
The only other time I felt like this was the last time I had sex with Gavin , but for some reason , this felt even better .
We stayed connected , unmoving , just looking into one anothers eyes for a moment longer , with our heartbeats thumping in unison and our breathing in sync .
After a moment , I started to move my hips , bouncing on him like our lives depended on it .
I moved even faster as his grip on my hips tightened .
His breathing grew heavy as he whispered out my name hoarsely .
I loved hearing my name on his lips when I was taking control of him ; it felt like I had full control over his soul .
I ran my fingers up my body , cupping my breasts and watching as his eyes dilated ; I loved the effect I had on him .
I ran my fingers through my hair and let out another breathy moan as his cock hit that perfect spot , causing my legs to tingle .
I felt him growing even more inside of me if that was even possible and his manhood started to twitch .
I knew that meant he was close , but he was holding back , wanting me to finish first .
I felt my whole body coming to life as I reached the peak .
I cried out his name as he reached between us and started to massage my clit with his thumb ; that was all it took for me to fall over the edge , taking him with me .
We came together as we both cried each others name .
I felt him filling me and then started to drip between my thighs .
Chapter 0174 I fell on top of him , keeping him inside of me .
He wrapped his arms around me and positioned us , so we were both lying down on our sides , our legs entangled and our connection intact .
Im not sure how long we remained like that , but soon I found exhaustion taking over .
His breathing was steady , so I knew he was also feeling the same exhaustion as I was .
At some point , I must have fallen asleep because darkness engulfed me .
But I fell asleep with a smile on my face and a single thought popped into my head .
I think Im going to like living here .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 175
Chapter 0175 Judys POV Later in the evening , we had dinner in the dining hall .
I told the kitchen staff and Harper that on the days Gavin isnt here , Ill just eat in the kitchen .
They seemed to have understood ; so far , everybody here was very nice .
The food was delicious as well .
I glanced at Gavin who was cutting into his steak and when he felt me staring at him , he glanced in my direction .
I need to talk to you about something , I said quickly as I put down my fork .
Go on , he said , raising his brows ; he was trying hard not to smile , and I could tell because the corner of his lip twitched .
I need my best friend , I blurted .
I need to be able to talk to her about stuff and I hate lying about whats been going on in my life .
Shes going to ask questions once she realizes Im no longer living at the Cash family manor and Id like to tell her the entire truth about … well … this , I said , motioning between me and him , and then gesturing to the mansion .
He studied me for a moment ; I was holding my breath as his eyes scanned my face and then he put his fork down .
His face was shining with indifference , and it made a knot form in the pit of my stomach .
I worried about what he was going to say ; maybe I was looking way too into this and there was nothing to tell .
Either way , I still wanted her to know that I was living in the Landry mansion .
But what if he said no then I would have to continue lying to her .noveldrama
… My mind was spiraling , and I was very aware of that , but then he cleared his throat , bringing my attention to his face .
Is it that girl that works at the Carter resort ? He asked .
I was surprised he remembered her , and I felt a strange sense of jealousy rising in my chest , but I swallowed it down and nodded .
Yes , I told him .
Nan .
We grew up together and I usually tell her everything about my life and vice versa .
Shes my best friend .
He studied me a bit longer , neither of us saying anything and I started to squirm in my seat , feeling uncomfortable .
Then , after what felt like an eternity , he nodded .
Okay .
I raised my brows , watching as he grabbed his fork and continued to eat as if this conversation hadnt happened .
Okay ? I asked him , wanting clarification .
Hmm .
I can tell her ? I asked , not satisfied with his short response .
He glanced at me , the corner of his lip twitching again ; he was finding this amusing I realized .
He liked watching me squirm and giving me Chapter 0175 indifferent answers .
Yes .
My heart swelled with excitement .
I was going to call Nan first thing in the morning and invite her to lunch with me so we can talk properly .
I would have jumped across the table and kissed him , but just then , one of the kitchen aids walked in and started to clean some of the mess off the table .
I was expecting Gavin to spend the night with me , but he had to return to his Villa .
I couldnt blame him .
His children were there after all .
But that didnt stop him from rocking my world another time before he left .
I ended up falling asleep before he officially left , so I didnt get to say goodbye .
But when I woke up the next morning , I felt a sense of loneliness .
The bed where he was once lying was cold and I felt my chest becoming empty .
I sighed and got out of bed ; the sun was rising in the distance and a smile tugged at the corner of my lips as I watched the different rays of colors expand across the Silver Crescent pack .
I went info the bathroom and spent some time utilizing the giant whirlpool tub .
It was the best thing Ive ever experienced .
It was like a hot tub in the middle of the bathroom .
By the time I was finished , my entire body felt like Jello , and my mind was put at ease .
I had never felt more relaxed in my life .
I was surprised that breakfast was ready when I reached the kitchen .
Good morning , mam , the head chef said with a polite smile .
Breakfast is ready for you .
You can call me Judy , I assured him .
Then , you can call me Chester , he replied .
Chester looked to be in his late 30s and was honestly not bad to look at .
The female kitchen staff certainly made their interest known because they blushed every time he spoke to them .
I wondered if they were new because they didnt seem quite used to him yet .
Its nice to officially meet you , Chester , I said , grabbing a fork out of the silverware dish .
###Take 176
Chapter 0176 I took a bite of the eggs and smiled at the deliciousness .
This is really good , I told him .
Its not hard to make eggs , he teased .
By the way , you still havent sent Harper your favorite food list .
You can always give it to me , so I know what to make for future meals .
I nodded .
Honestly , Im not picky .
You can literally make anything , and Ill eat it , I told him .
Itd make me feel better if I made your favorites though .
I shrugged .
Everything is my favorite , I assured him .
So , do you live here too? Yes , he answered .
Im here 24/7 , so if you ever need a late night snack … he trailed off suggestively, I knew he was joking because he had a twinkle of humor in his eyes .
Im sure everybody in this mansion knew about my relationship with Gavin by now .
I felt like it was quite obvious .
But seriously , ever need food or something late at night , Im your guy .
Ill keep that in mind , I said , taking another bite of the food .
All of the staff here live in the quarters on the main floor , he continued to explain .
I nodded .
And your quarters are decent ? I asked him ; the thought of them living anywhere remotely like the servants in the Cash manor made my stomach twist .
I hoped their living situation wasnt like that .
He nodded .
Better than my apartment before I got this job , he told me .
I love it here ; a lot of space , private bathroom , gorgeous views , I get to do what I love , and Im paid well .
We are all paid well .
Ive been told our rooms arent much different than the ones upstairs .
But obviously , some are bigger than others .
I nodded thoughtfully .
And Gavin treats you well ? I asked him , biting my lower lip .
Chester raised his brows at me , and he studied me for a moment before answering .
Well , yeah , he said with a shrug .
When hes here .
Hes not always here .
Its nice to have someone to cook for consistently .
However , a couple of times a week , he has me cooking for large gatherings or for his charity house , so I always have a job to do when Im not cooking for him personally .
But now I get to cook for you , and Id like to do that well .
So , please … send me a list of your favorites .
I laughed .
Will do , I assured him .
We fell into a comfortable conversation while I ate and I could tell from the small interaction I had with 1/2 Chapter 0176 him , along with the way he was with the kitchen aids and even Harper , he was a flirt .
But the harmless kind ; he was definitely friend material .
After breakfast , I insisted on cleaning , but Harper wouldnt let me .
The Alpha would have a fit if he knew we let you clean , she would tell me .
I sighed and eventually relented .noveldrama
Later in the morning , once it was a reasonable enough time , I called Nan and told her I needed to talk to her about something .
We agreed to meet at our favorite coffee house near the campus .
The moment she saw me , a big smile broke out on her face as she hugged me .
I feel like I havent seen you in ages , she murmured as she pulled away from me .
Its only been a couple of days , I chuckled .
Theyve been keeping you so busy , I couldnt even get through to your phone .
She was partly right , but mainly it was because the room I was in didnt have a place to plug in my phone , so it died a couple of days ago .
It only turned on again when I got to the mansion , and I was glad that Taylor had the sense to plug it in for me so it would be ready when I arrived .
Im sorry I havent called , I told her .
Theres a reason for that .
You look a lot better , she said fondly .
I nodded and bit my lower lip .
I feel a lot better , Nan , I told her .
We ordered our coffees and then took a seat in the corner of the room .
So , tell me whats been going on with you , she said as she took a sip of her expresso .
1 Okay … so , I dont want you to freak out , I told her , watching her warily from across the table .
She frowned and lifted her gaze to meet mine .
You are starting to freak me out , she told me , raising her brows .
I took a deep breath ; it was like ripping off a band aid .
I moved in with Gavin Landry .
###Take 177
Chapter 0177 Chapter 0177 Judys POV If she was holding her coffee cup when I blurted out the news , she most certainly would have dropped it .
Her jaw was practically on the ground as she stared at me , her eyes wide with alarm .
I hated that I kept this part of my life from her for so long , but now I was ready to tell her everything and I just hoped she wasnt mad at me for keeping it from her .
Im sorry , I dont think I heard what you said , she said , narrowing her eyes at me .
What ? I swallowed the lump in my throat and took a sip of my own coffee before putting the cup on the table .
No , you heard me correctly , I told her without meeting her startled gaze .
I moved in with Alpha Gavin Landry .
How … ? What … ? She stammered , unsure of what to say or what to ask .
I couldnt blame her ; Im sure this was the last thing she was expecting .
Okay , before I tell you , dont be mad at me for keeping this from you .
She watched me warily for a moment and then she sat back in her seat and folded her arms across her chest .
Have you been seeing him ? I flinched at her words because I could tell she was already getting upset and her question kind of took me off guard .
Its more complicated than that , I admitted .
Complicated how , Judy ? She asked me , losing her patience .
I swallowed heavily and took a deep breath .
I had been working in his villa for a few months now I admitted .
She raised her brows at me .
Im sorry , what ? That kid I was tutoring … its his kid , I told her quickly .
Ive been tutoring his son .
She raised her brows at my words and then shook her head .
Alpha Landry doesnt have a son , she told me .
He has a daughter , but of course , you know that already .
He does have a son , I assured her .
Hes just hidden from the limelight .
He goes to a private school , and I think only the pack knows of his existence .
Its been kept a secret .
Why would he keep his son a secret ? Nan asked with a frown , marring her lips .noveldrama
Hes only 7 , I said with a shrug .
Maybe he just doesnt want Matt to get caught up in pack drama .
Chapter 0177 Matt ? His son , I clarified .
She nodded thoughtfully and then took a sip of her coffee as she pondered that information .
And youve been tutoring him ? She asked after a brief pause .
I nodded .
Yes , I answered .
And thats how you got so close to Gavin ? I nodded again , sucking my bottom lip into my mouth as I thought about what to say next .
Then , our relationship kind of grew , I admitted , feeling my cheeks burning .
She raised her brows and leaned forward , narrowing her eyes at me .
What do you mean that it grew ? She asked , her voice hushed .
Well , we kind of ….
I trailed off as the fire in my face burned even brighter .
I didnt need to finish my sentence for her to know what I was going to say because she gasped and covered her mouth .
Oh , my Goddess ! She nearly shouted .
Thankfully , the coffee shop was practically empty .
I shushed her anyway though , not wanting her to draw the attention of any of the workers .
She lowered her voice and leaned forward , closer to me .
Are you dating him now ? I shook my head , but then I shrugged .
I think its just casual , I admitted .
I mean … technically he wanted to try this whole thing out .
He mainly just wanted his mother off his back because she kept trying to set him up with someone , he had no interest in .
Im kind of using him for the same reason … to get Ethan off my back .
I mean , Ethan doesnt know that we are seeing each other , but I think he suspects something is happening and Gavin wont let him near me , so theres a plus .
Holy shit , Nan breathed , her eyes wide with wonder Is it any good ? I raised my brows at her question .
Is what any good ? She rolled her eyes as she took another sip of her coffee .
Dont play stupid, Judy , she said, shaking her head .
Is the sex any good ? I was startled by her question and my cheeks burned even more as I averted my gaze from hers .
Its incredible , I murmured .
She shrieked , once again , gaining the attention of some of the workers , this time , I let out an awkward Haugh and shook my head at my friend .
Seriously , Nan .
You cant tell anyone about this , I warned her .
She held up her hands and for a Chapter 0177 moment , she looked offended .
###Take 178
Chapter 0178 I would never do that , Judy , she told me .
You can trust me .
I knew she was right and that I could trust her , so I relaxed in my seat .
It felt good to talk about this and get this whole thing out .
I was glad that I had Nan in my corner and that I could confide in her in this kind of thing now .
So , you moved in with him ? She asked , wiggling her brows .
Yeah , well , apparently he has another mansion in his pack , I told her .
She didnt look surprised , she only nodded thoughtfully .
Hes Gavin Landry , of course , he has multiple properties .
Thats probably not even his only other mansion , she told me .
He went over to the Cash family manor for dinner to get to know them better and he saw me being treated like a slave .
He was angry and ordered that I move into his mansion , I continued to explain .
She looked as if she was about to shriek again , but then she caught herself and cleared her throat .
I continued to tell her the story about how I wanted my mom to come too , but she insisted on staying but wanted me to go .
Nan listened thoughtfully as we continued to sip on our coffees .
So , he doesnt know about the financial problems ? She asked .
I shook my head , but then I thought about it and shrugged .
He knows I need the money and Im sure hes guessed that my family is struggling .
But I dont think he knows how bad it is .
He doesnt know my father is in jail , I told her .
I dont get it .
Why not tell him ? You know the Landry corporation funds most of the businesses around the wolf kingdom , right ? I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair .
My father is a proud man and didnt want to take any handouts from the Lycans .
Plus , years ago , his business plan was rejected when he first presented it to Alpha Gavin , so he never bothered to try again .
I murmured .
He wanted to be able to do this by himself and prove himself worthy .
He ended up making a deal with some loan sharks and took out way more money than the business was worth .
Obviously , the business did well , but not well enough to pay back the sharks .
Apparently , they charged a large amount of interest , so they require the money they loaned him , plus interest , which we dont have .
So , they charged him with theft .noveldrama
Why not tell Gavin about this ? She asked .
He could help you easily and Im sure he would if you were to ask .
I shook my head and bit my lip , chewing on it vigorously .
Im embarrassed , I admitted .
I dont want him to think badly about my family and plus , I dont think he remembers rejecting my fathers business plan .
Hell ask questions about why this business wasnt Lycan funded , and I dont really have answers for him .
You are just like your father , Nan said with a smile .
Too proud for your own good .
1/2 Chapter 0178 I nodded because she was right , and I knew it .
I cant wait to see this mansion .
Youll invite me over sometime , right ? She asked , raising her brows .
Of course , I promised .
Now that you know everything , you can come over whenever you want .
She clapped her hands together excitedly .
Okay , so onto some other exciting news , she said , leaning forward .
Did Gavin tell you about whats happening next week ? I frowned and then shook my head .
I havent talked with him for a long time these last couple of days , so I havent heard anything .
Whats going on ? I asked her .
He signed a contract to allow a film crew to come to his pack and film an entire movie , she said excitedly .
Working at the most famous resort in the werewolf territory , I wasnt surprised that Nan knew this information .
People , especially rich people , gossip , and Nan hears it all .
Thats actually really awesome , I told her , deep in thought .
I wondered what the movie was going to be about .
Thats not even the best part , she said in a hushed whisper .
The star of the movie is Skyla Sinclair , Judy ! My mouth nearly fell to the ground upon hearing her words .
What , what ? I asked , my eyes wide and my heart thumping against my chest .
She nodded eagerly .
Yes ! She shrieked .
Shes coming here next week !! Next week ? The most famously gorgeous movie star and model will be coming here ? To Gavins pack ?! Todays Bonus Offer GET IT NOW X Chapter 0179
###Take 179
Chapter 0179 Third Person POV Irene was in the kitchen grabbing a bite to eat when she heard giggling in the parlor .
She frowned and started towards the entryway .
Its been quiet around here for the past week , but that was mainly because Matt had been in the hospital .
Even when he returned though , the villa appeared quieter than usual .
She and Ethan had been spending a lot of time here because of that .
When she reached the parlor door , she heard a familiar voice , and her blood went completely cold .
No ….
It couldnt be .
She pushed the door open , and her entire body froze when she saw Judy seated on the couch and Matt beside her .
They were studying , but they were talking about something that made Matt burst into a fit of giggles .
Her father was seated in a nearby chair with a grin on his face as he watched the two of them .
It made Irenes stomach twist and turn as she glared at the scene in front of her .
Nobody noticed her entrance yet and she wasnt sure what to say or do .
Judy wasnt supposed to be back at this Villa .
She had made sure of it .
She pinned the blame for Matts allergic reaction on Judy .
How could her father be so careless and allow her to keep her job like this ? She thought she finally got rid of Judy , but she returned looking stronger than ever .
She clenched her fists at her side and glared at Judy , unblinking .
Judy eventually felt Irenes stare and lifted her gaze to meet hers ; her smile dropped into a concerned frown .
Oh , hey , Irene , Judy said , skeptically as she studied Irenes furious face .
This got the others attention as well ; Gavin looked up at his daughter and he also frowned .
Irene , he greeted , narrowing his eyes at her .
Everything okay ? Daddy , can I talk to you for a minute ? She asked through her teeth as she walked across the parlor and out the other door until she was in the hallway .
Gavin reluctantly followed after her , shutting the door behind him .
He folded his arms across his chest and watched as his daughter paced the hallway , her eyes fixed on the ground and her breathing heavily as she fought to maintain her temper .
Whats this about ? Gavin finally asked after what felt like a lifetime of silence .
How could you let that monster back into our home after what she had done  Irene finally asked , stopping her pacing to glare at her father .
Irene- She almost killed Matthew ! Does that mean nothing to you  Irene continued , cutting off Gavin before he could explain himself .
Irene , listen- No , Dad .
YOU listen ! She was careless with Matts life and it landed him in the hospital .
She cannot be Chapter 0179 trusted .
She needs to go ! I never want to see her here again !! Irene practically shouted .
Gavin sighed and ran his fingers through his hair as he took in his daughter .
I know youre upset , but would you just listen to me , he said calmly .
She finally looked up at him and he saw the moisture in her eyes .
He could tell that this was bigger than what she was letting on .
But he also knew she wouldnt talk to him about it ; she had to come to him willingly .
He couldnt force it .
How could you let her back in here , Dad ? She asked , folding her arms across her chest .
Judy didnt do anything wrong , he finally said , his eyes fixed on hers .
She widened her eyes and took a step back , her face going pale .
It was a strange reaction , Gavin thought to himself .
But he shook the thought out of his head .noveldrama
W … what do you mean ? She stammered .
I mean , she didnt do anything wrong , he repeated .
One of the maids confessed to the crime .
She wanted compensation for helping me save his life .
I banned her from the pack and turned her into a rogue .
Her mouth fell open as she stared at him .
A … a maid confessed ? She asked , her voice becoming small .
Irene had no idea how a maid could confess to such a crime when she knew for a fact that the maid had nothing to do with anything .
She didnt do this … Irene was the one who put the peanut butter in the sandwich .
She knew the kitchen camera was broken and there was no actual evidence against her or the maid … but somehow , the maid confessed to the crime .
Did the maid somehow know it was Irene , and she was trying to protect her ? Or maybe she was trying to protect Judy .
A pit of jealousy formed in the middle of Irenes stomach .
Why would a maid go to great lengths to protect Judy ? Was Judy really that much better than Irene ? Or maybe Judy blackmailed the maid into taking the fall so she could get her job back and return to seduce Ethan .
###Take 180
Chapter 0180 Anger filled Irene but she tried hard to keep her temper under control while she was in the presence of her father .
So , Judy did nothing wrong .
Therefore , she gets to keep her job .
I appreciate your concern , and Im glad you care for your brother , but lay off Judy , okay ? He asked her firmly , raising his brows .
Her cheeks burned with heat , but she nodded her head Okay , she murmured .
Im sorry .
He gave his daughter a small smile as he pulled her into his arms for a tight hug .
She sighed and hugged him back before he released her .
Are you going out with Ethan tonight ? She nodded and bit her lower lip .
She didnt want Ethan to come here knowing Judy was here .
He had been all over Irene this past week with Judy being gone , and now that she had returned , she worried that Ethan would revert back to his old ways and pine after her like a lost puppy .
Yes , she said .
Ill probably spend the night at his place .
Gavin nodded .
Just be safe , he warned .
Oh , by the way , the film crew will be here tomorrow .
They are going to be staying in his villa , so I need you to be on your best behavior .
Irene perked up immediately ; she completely forgot about the movie being filmed in their pack .
Skyla Sinclair will be here , right ? She asked .
She couldnt wait to meet the famous movie star and model .
Skyla was her role model , and she had been looking forward to this for months since it was first brought up .
Gavin nodded .
Yes , he answered .
Try not to scare her away .
Cant promise anything , Irene teased .
Gavin smirked , stifling a full smile , as he shook his head at his daughter .
He turned away and started back towards the parlor .
Irene watched as he disappeared through the door .
She walked towards the parlor as well and opened the door just a crack so she could peek into the room , watching Judy warily .noveldrama
She noticed that Judy visibly lit up when Gavin returned and even Gavin had a smile on his face when he looked at Judy .
He said something to her that Irene couldnt quite hear and it made both Judy and Matt laugh .
They looked like a typical family and it irked Irene .
She hated how comfortable and happy they all looked .
It was obvious to her that Judy had a thing for her father and it was even more obvious that the feeling was mutual , As Irene continued to watch their interactions , she started to think of a plan .
Skyla Sinclair would soon be arriving at the pack .
Chapter 0180 Perhaps it was time for things to get stirred up just a little .
A wide grin spread across Irenes face as she closed the Parlor door .
1 Judys POV The last time I wore something sexy to Gavins office , it didnt end well .
He rejected me and sent me away , telling me that I was better than this .
It was embarrassing and I vowed to never put myself in that position again .
But since then, I had sex with Gavin , and I was living in his mansion .
I felt like things were different between us .
With Skyla Sinclair coming to the pack later this evening , I wanted to remind Gavin that I was here to satisfy his needs .
I wanted to show him that he didnt need to stay with someone else , even if she was a famous and gorgeous actress and model .
I wanted to show him that I was spicy and that I could keep his interest , even if this thing was casual and we didnt have a conversation about what we were or what we were doing .
I wore a red lacy bra and panty set , but I put a trench coat over it to cover my body .
I did my hair and makeup , so I looked rather beautiful if I did say so myself .
As I stood outside of Gavins office building in the city , my heart hammered against my chest .
I took a deep breath and entered the building .
It was the same receptionist that was rude to me the last time that I was there .
When she looked up at me , she immediately rolled her eyes and folded her arms across her chest .
You again ? She murmured .
Im here to see Alpha Landry , I told her , trying not to sound as nervous as I felt .
Well , you cant , she muttered .
Im sorry , is he in a meeting ? I asked innocently .
No , but he doesnt want to see you , she muttered .
My eyes grew large .
What ? I asked .
She smirked and leaned back in her seat .
He specifically said he doesnt want Judy Montague to return to his office .
Any further questions ? Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 181
Chapter 0181 Judys POV He specifically said he doesnt want Judy Montague to return to his office .
Any further questions ? The receptionist said in a snarky tone .
My blood went cold from her words , and I stared at her startled .
Had Gavin really told the receptionist to not let me back at his office ? My heart hurt from the very thought , and I instinctively took a step back , feeling dejected .
Her smug look said it all .
She was telling the truth ; Gavin truly did tell her to say this to me .
You cant be that surprised , she said, rolling her icy blue eyes .
You were escorted out of this office last time you were here .
Obviously , he wouldnt want you back here .
I bit my lip and nodded ; I heard her words , but I was having trouble processing what she was saying I sucked in a sharp breath , not sure what more to say .
This plan was a bust and now I was even more embarrassed than I was when Gavin rejected me and then kicked me out .
I started to turn away to leave because it was pointless staying here any further , but then I heard my name from a short distance and my entire body froze .
Judy ? Could this get any worse ? Not only was I getting kicked out of the office building , but now Gavin was here to witness it and probably kick me out himself in front of this receptionist .
I sighed , knowing I couldnt avoid this any longer .
I slowly turned towards him and forced a smile in his direction .
Hello , Alpha , I murmured .
I was coming to see you , but it seems Im not allowed here .
So , Ill Who said you werent allowed here ? He asked .
I narrowed my eyes at him and then glanced at the receptionist who was red in the face and staring up at him .
You told me to tell her she wasnt allowed back here if she were to ever return , the receptionist reminded him .
He looked down at her , his lips turned into a deep frown as he stared at her .
That was then , he said through his teeth .
Things have changed since then and Im pretty sure I already ripped that reminder off your desk .
She glanced down at her notepad and her eyes widened when she didnt see the note she left for herself to keep me out of the office building Next time you dont call me first , youre fired , he growled , making her tremble in her seat .
Now it was her turn to look embarrassed , Y … yes , Alpha , she stammered , keeping her eyes fixed on the desk and avoiding my gaze entirely .
Without warning , Gavin grabbed my hand and pulled me along with him .
We walked in silence ; even when we were in the elevator , heading to his office , we remained silent .
Chapter 0181 We didnt talk until we reached his office floor and walked around the corner and to his desk .
He turned to face me , leaning his back against the desk and his eyes narrowed , a smirk playing on his lips .
So , what honor do I have for this visit ? He asked , watching me curiously .
My cheeks burned and I was suddenly questioning whether or not this was a good idea .
It wasnt a great start , but now that we were alone , I was nervous for a whole different reason .
I … uh … I stammered , shuffling nervously in my shoes .
He raised his brows as he took me in ; his eyes scanned my face and then dropped to the trench coat that I was wearing .
He couldnt contain the smile that twitched the corner of his lips and gave me a lopsided grin .
Well , this looks familiar , he teased .
Did you come for a part two ? My cheeks burned again , but his lighthearted voice gave me the confidence that I needed .
It reminded me that things were different now .
We were different .
I already got Gavin into bed , and I was living in his mansion .
I didnt think he was going to reject me this time around ; this time , I was going to get exactly what I wanted … except I wasnt going to ask for money in return .
Without speaking a single word , I undid the jacket , revealing the bra and panties I was wearing .
His eyes immediately darkened as he took in my appearance .noveldrama
I dropped the trench coat to the ground and took a step back for him to see the full picture ! I just wanted to pay you a visit , I told him in a sultry voice .
I can see that , he replied , his tone deep and sending a wave of warmth throughout my entire body .
Do you like what you see ? I boldly asked him .
He lifted his gaze to meet mine .
More than I could express , he admitted , his tone now sounding a bit strained .
###Take 182
0182 I smirked at him as I stepped closer to him , closing the space between us .
Then , perhaps we should take advantage of this time together ? I suggested .
I wrapped my arms around him , pressing my body close to his .
I could feel the stiffness in his pants , and it turned me on ; I liked the effect that I had on him , and I wanted to know what other effects I had .noveldrama
He surprised me when he wrapped his arms around me , keeping me against him as his lips covered mine .
At first , the kiss was tentative and sweet , but then it deepened as he shoved his tongue into my mouth .
I couldnt help the moan that escaped my lips as I took in his scent and everything he had to offer .
I was barely coherent when he brushed his papers and stuff off his desk to make room for me .
Everything scattered to the ground , but neither of us cared at this moment .
We would clean it up later , for now , we just needed to feel one another and be one once again .
He lifted me off the floor and placed me on his desk .
I wrapped my legs around his waist , keeping him close to me as he deepened the kiss .
His hands roamed across my body , causing goosebumps to form in their path .
I felt my bra loosen and fall around me and onto the desk , he brushed it aside , causing it to fall off the desk and onto the ground .
I chuckled as he nibbled on my bottom lip , making it nice and swollen .
He trailed his lips down the nape of my neck , nipping at the soft flesh as he tailed down my shoulders and across my chest until he reached my breasts .
I gasped when he teased my nipples with his lips and teeth , tugging at them and causing them to pebble in his mouth .
He fondled my breasts with his massive hands while he continued to suck and bite them , leaving small markings where his teeth were .
I couldnt help but moan his name , glad that we had the entire floor to ourselves and that there was no chance for anyone to hear us .
His fingers played with the fabrics of my panties , and I shimmed myself out of them , completely exposing myself to him .
His eyes darkened and he let out a growl as he devoured me on his desk .
I gasped and ran my fingers through his hair as he sucked and teased my clit .
I felt my climax approaching quickly and just before I exploded around him , I tensed and moaned his name , loving the taste of it on my tongue .
He continued to lap up all my juice until there was nothing left and then his lips were on mine once again .
I helped him out of his shirt , throwing it to the ground .
I ran my fingers up his incredible abs .
I couldnt believe that I was able to touch such a man .
He was the most gorgeous thing I had ever seen in my life , and I wasnt sure if I would be able to contain my need for him any longer .
I needed to feel him inside of me .
As if he could read my thoughts , he started to undo his pants and I eagerly helped him out of them , pulling off his boxers as well and completely exposing him to me .
I started off by stroking him gently , making him even harder and getting ready for me .
He was already incredibly hard , but I truthfully just wanted to feel him and touch him .
He didnt seem to complain though ; his eyes were closed , and he breathed with rigidness as he pressed his forehead against mine .
He liked how he felt in my hands , and I liked how he felt as well .
Just when he was about to lose all control and push himself into me , his phone started to ring , halting 1/2 hapter 0182 both of us .
He let out a low and aggravated growl .
There was a part of me that hoped he would just ignore it ; I mean we were both completely naked after all .
But the more logical part of me knew that I interrupted him during his workday , and he was a very busy man .
He couldnt just ignore his phone .
I sighed and released him ; he kissed me one last time , deeply and passionately , before reluctantly parting from me and grabbing his phone .
Yes ? he asked in an annoyed and slightly strained voice .
He paused for a moment as he listened to the other end of the phone .
Shes here now ? He asked , and then he paused again before sighing and running his fingers through his hair .
Okay , Ill be there soon .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 183
い 25 Chapter 0183 Chapter 0182 I smirked at him as I stepped closer to him , closing the space between us .
Then , perhaps we should take advantage of this time together ? I suggested .
I wrapped my arms around him , pressing my body close to his .
I could feel the stiffness in his pants , and it turned me on ; I liked the effect that I had on him , and I wanted to know what other effects I had .
He surprised me when he wrapped his arms around me , keeping me against him as his lips covered mine .
At first , the kiss was tentative and sweet , but then it deepened as he shoved his tongue into my mouth .
I couldnt help the moan that escaped my lips as I took in his scent and everything he had to offer .
I was barely coherent when he brushed his papers and stuff off his desk to make room for me .
Everything scattered to the ground , but neither of us cared at this moment .
We would clean it up later , for now , we just needed to feel one another and be one once again .
He lifted me off the floor and placed me on his desk .
I wrapped my legs around his waist , keeping him close to me as he deepened the kiss .
His hands roamed across my body , causing goosebumps to form in their path .
I felt my bra loosen and fall around me and onto the desk , he brushed it aside , causing it to fall off the desk and onto the ground .
I chuckled as he nibbled on my bottom lip , making it nice and swollen .
He trailed his lips down the nape of my neck , nipping at the soft flesh as he tailed down my shoulders and across my chest until he reached my breasts .
I gasped when he teased my nipples with his lips and teeth , tugging at them and causing them to pebble in his mouth .
He fondled my breasts with his massive hands while he continued to suck and bite them , leaving small markings where his teeth were .
I couldnt help but moan his name , glad that we had the entire floor to ourselves and that there was no chance for anyone to hear us .
His fingers played with the fabrics of my panties , and I shimmed myself out of them , completely exposing myself to him .
His eyes darkened and he let out a growl as he devoured me on his desk .
I gasped and ran my fingers through his hair as he sucked and teased my clit .
I felt my climax approaching quickly and just before I exploded around him , I tensed and moaned his name , loving the taste of it on my tongue .
He continued to lap up all my juice until there was nothing left and then his lips were on mine once again .
I helped him out of his shirt , throwing it to the ground .
I ran my fingers up his incredible abs .
I couldnt believe that I was able to touch such a man .
He was the most gorgeous thing I had ever seen in my life , and I wasnt sure if I would be able to contain my need for him any longer .
I needed to feel him inside of me .
As if he could read my thoughts , he started to undo his pants and I eagerly helped him out of them , pulling off his boxers as well and completely exposing him to me .
I started off by stroking him gently , making him even harder and getting ready for me .
He was already incredibly hard , but I truthfully just wanted to feel him and touch him .
He didnt seem to complain though ; his eyes were closed , and he breathed with rigidness as he pressed his forehead against mine .
He liked how he felt in my hands , and I liked how he felt as well .
Just when he was about to lose all control and push himself into me , his phone started to ring , halting 1/2 hapter 0182 both of us .
He let out a low and aggravated growl .
There was a part of me that hoped he would just ignore it ; I mean we were both completely naked after all .
But the more logical part of me knew that I interrupted him during his workday , and he was a very busy man .
He couldnt just ignore his phone .
I sighed and released him ; he kissed me one last time , deeply and passionately , before reluctantly parting from me and grabbing his phone .
Yes ? he asked in an annoyed and slightly strained voice .
He paused for a moment as he listened to the other end of the phone .noveldrama
Shes here now ? He asked , and then he paused again before sighing and running his fingers through his hair .
Okay , Ill be there soon .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 184
hapter 0184 We really appreciate this , Alpha , Chanse said thoughtfully .
I nodded .
How about I take you and the crew out and I can show you around for the day ? I suggested .
Unless youre in a rush to get started , then Ill leave you be .
1 I wasnt planning on starting until tomorrow , so a tour would be great , Chanse said , glancing over at his crew who nodded eagerly .
I think we could all use the break.
Weve been so busy these last couple of days … an evening out sounds perfect .
I nodded .
Okay , then lets get going , I said , motioning for them to follow .
For the rest of the evening , we spent time walking around the pack , exploring everything the pack had to offer .
They were introduced to many of the packmates who expressed admiration for the crew .
We were stopped quite often so the packmates could take pictures with the stars , but mostly Skyla because she was the most famous of them all .
She was very kind and didnt mind taking pictures with each of my packmates ; she even signed some autographs .
She seemed to be feeding up the compliments and basking in the admiration , which didnt surprise me .
I took them out to eat in the city and Skyla made it a point to sit next to me so she could chat my ear off .
I wasnt stupid , I knew what she was doing .
I noticed that she kept staring at me and was batting her lashes at me , but if I were to be honest , I wasnt really interested in it .
I was only interested in this movie and that was it … Skyla was just another girl throwing herself at me and it was kind of a turn off .
My wolf also didnt enjoy her close proximity and that made it easier to keep my distance ; however , she was relentless .
By the end of the evening , I was exhausted and all I really wanted to do was go to my mansion and see Judy .
I wanted to finish where we left off in my office earlier .
I told Irene that I had some business up North tonight and that she needed to stay home and take care of Matt while I was gone .
I assured her I would be back in the morning , and she agreed to remain home , not questioning what this business was .
After I dropped the crew off at the Villa , I said my goodbyes to them , told them I would see them in the morning , and then I left , very aware that Skyla was watching me until I was completely gone from her sight .
It was going to be a long couple of weeks .
Third Person POV I know that look , Kylie said as she folded her arms across her chest , watching as Gavin disappeared in his car down the street .
Skyla stood at the doorway , her eyes slowly blinking and her heart hammering in her chest .
She had never seen anyone that good looking in all the years shes been an actress and a model .
She heard stories about Gavin Landry , but she never thought that he would be that good- Chapter 0184 looking .
You have a thing for the Alpha , Kylie teased Out of all the actresses and actors in this production , Skyla was closest to Kylie .
They were practically best friends .
Well , the closest things to best friends that this industry would allow .
How could I not ? Skyla said as she sighed heavily .
Hes so handsome .
A guy like that is probably not single , Kylie said , shaking her head .
I heard that his fated mate died years ago , leaving him with their daughter .
His daughter seemed a little too high energy for me … but I could look past that for Gavin Landry .
We arent here to scope out for guys , Skyla .
We are here to work on this movie , Kylie reminded her .
Chanse worked hard on this film and things have to go perfectly .
Kylie was Chanses sister , and she wanted things to go well for her brother .
And things will go perfectly , Skyla said , turning to her coworker and friend .
But why cant I do both ? Do both ? Kylie asked , her brows raised .
Skyla nodded with a grin spread across her lips .
Why cant I do my job … and scope for guys ? She asked .
Now that I have my eyes set on Gavin Landry , I dont think I can let him go that easily .
I want him , Kylie … and I always get what I want .
With that , she turned and went back inside .noveldrama
Kylie shook her head at her friend but didnt argue as she followed her inside .
Meanwhile , neither of the girls noticed Irene tucked away in the corner , listening to the entire conversation , a wide smile spreading across her face .
Operation : Get Judy Away from Her Father was a go .
This was going to be a lot easier than she thought .
Todays Bonus Offer GET IT NOW X
###Take 185
Chapter 0185 Judys POV Tonight was the first night that Gavin had actually stayed the night with me .
I have been here for a few days , and usually after our time together , he leaves after I fall asleep .
I wasnt expecting to wake up and find him still in my room , sleeping in my bed with his shirt off .
It seems he put his pants back on though .
My heart skipped a beat at the sight of him .
I wasnt displeased that he was still by my side , but a little confused .
I ran my fingers down his back , feeling the warmth spread across my body at the feel of him .
I wanted to wrap myself back in his arms and stay like that all day , but I knew with the movie industry filming in his pack , he was going to be incredibly busy He stirred in his sleep and when his eyes opened , I walked with bated breath for him to jump out of bed and run for the hills .
I thought that maybe he didnt mean to fall asleep in my bed and that he would regret it .
But when a small smile lit up his face , my heart started to race heavily in my chest .
Good morning , he said , rolling onto his back , and showcasing his incredible abs .
My mouth went dry at the sight of him , and I swallowed the lump in my throat .
Good morning , I replied .
I didnt expect you to still be here this morning .
He stretched before he sat up , running his fingers through his disheveled hair .
It should be illegal to look that good .
I was tired , he confessed .
Yesterday was a lot .
Did you meet Skyla ? I asked him , biting my lower lip .
I didnt love the fact that he was hanging out with a supermodel actress all day , but I knew it wasnt something I could tell him , so I kept biting my lower lip and staring down at my hands .
Yeah , he murmured .
Shes interesting .
I have to oversee their filming today .
I nodded .
Ill be tutoring Matt later , so if you want to meet up … I suggested , my cheeks burning .
He turned so he could look at me , his eyes dark with lust and it made my heart skip a beat again .
Ill keep that in mind , he replied in a sultry tone .
But Ill be really busy today , so Im not sure if Ill be able to stop by later .
I nodded , already guessing that .
He slipped out of bed and grabbed his pants off the ground .
Im going to hop in the shower , he told me as he made his way to the bathroom .
I watched him disappear through the door and I let out the breath I hadnt known I was holding .
After the shower turned on , I got out of bed and quickly threw some clothes on before making my way down the stairs and into the kitchen .
Harper was in the kitchen with a couple of the kitchen aids and they seemed to be in at deep conversation about something .
But it stopped when they turned , and they saw me walking towards them .
Good morning , Harper said with a polite smile .
Are you hungry ? Chester is about to cook some 1/2 Chapter 0165 breakfast .
I nodded .
Im starving , I admitted .noveldrama
Can he make extra ? Gavin is here too .
Harper raised her brows , and I could tell she wanted to ask some questions , but she chose not to and only nodded .
Of course , she replied .
Moments later , Chester walked into the kitchen with some ingredients in hand and when he saw me , he broke out into a large grin .
Do you like waffles ? He asked as he placed the stuff on the counter .
I nodded .
I love waffles , I told him .
Perfect , he said .
Waffles for the beautiful Judy , coming right up .
I blushed at his compliment ; when he glanced at the Kitchen aids who were eye googling him , he winked at them, making their knees practically weak .
###Take 186
Chapter 0186 Harper rolled her eyes .
Dont you ladies have anything better to do ? She asked .
Folding her arms across her chest and narrowing her eyes .
Chester grinned .
Now Harper , no need to be jealous , he said , nudging her shoulder .
You know you are still my favorite .
Im not jealous , she retorted in a growl as she turned to face him .
But flirting while at work has always been frowned upon .
Thats not what you were saying the other night , he said in a soft and breathy whisper , though the rest of us could hear him clearly .
My eyes grew wide as I watched Harpers face turn different shades of pink and red .
Had they slept together the other night ? I wondered what the lure was here … something certainly interesting was happening in front of my eyes and I was way too curious about it .
We werent working , she said through her teeth .
Ineed to run to the store .
Ill be back .
She turned on her heel and hurried out of the kitchen looking mortified .
I turned to Chester who was laughing and shaking his head .
She embarrasses so easily .
I dont get why .
It was only sex , he said , still shaking his head .
It wasnt that big of a deal .
I folded my arms across my chest and watched as he maneuvered his way around the kitchen , cooking in a delicate fashion .
Maybe to you , it wasnt a big deal , I told him .
But did you ever think that maybe it was a big deal to her ? He paused for a moment to look at me over his shoulders .
Its not my fault she went back on her word , he said , shrugging .
We said no strings attached .
We were only scratching each others itch .
Nothing more to it .
Is that the kind of guy you are ? I asked him , raising my brows .
The guy who has mindless sex that doesnt mean anything ? He corked an eyebrow up at me and put his hands on the counter , leaning so close to me that his lips would be on mine if he were to move another inch .
Want to find out ? He asked , his voice dropping sultry .
Just as I was about to lean back and away from him , the door slammed shut , making Chester step away from me by instinct .
Chester , I didnt hire you to flirt and talk .
I hired you to cook , Gavins voice boomed across the kitchen , sending a chill down my spine .
Chester had amusement in his eyes , but he didnt argue with his boss .
Hed be stupid to do so .
Yes , Alpha , Chester said as he resumed cooking .
I chuckled as Chester quickly started to make our breakfast and Gavin sat beside me .
Hes harmless , I murmured .
Gavin rolled his eyes .
Hes a guy and he only has one thing on his mind .
Be careful around him , he murmured in return .
I raised my brows .
Do you only have one thing on your mind too ? I asked him .
He shot me a look and it made the smile drop from my face .
I couldnt really read the expression on his face , and it made my stomach twist .
He was contemplating something as he studied my What exactly do you think this is ? He suddenly asked .
Im sorry , what ? I asked in return .
face .
What do you think this is ? He repeated , but this time he motioned between the two of us .
My cheeks burned at the question , and I had to look away from him ; I stared down at the counter .
He spoke low enough that others in the kitchen hadnt heard , or if they had , they were pretending they hadnt .
We are just having fun , I told him after a beat of silence .
Right ? We are helping each other out and scratching an itch at the same time .
He nodded thoughtfully .
Right , he told me .noveldrama
So , I guess that answers your question .
###Take 187
Chapter 0187 I chewed the inside of my cheek and then nodded .
I guess it did answer my question ; this was only sex , and he only had that one thing on his mind when he suggested this little arrangement .
I knew it wasnt anything more than that , but still , it made my stomach hurt a little .
There was still a part of me that hoped maybe he did feel something more for me and that this wasnt just sex .
But I was only fooling myself .
There you go , Beautiful , Chester said , bringing me out of my thoughts as he slid a plate of food in my direction .
Coffee , Gavin ordered , his nostrils flaring .
Chester nodded as he put a plate in front of him and then went to grab a cup of coffee .
Gavins eyes followed Chester the entire time , and I could feel the tension in the room , though I wasnt sure why there was so much of it .
Gavin had no right to act like this ; it was strange , to say the least .
When Chester slid two mugs in front of us and filled them to the top with coffee , Gavin dismissed him for the morning .
Even Chester had enough sense in him not to argue .
We ate in silence and once we finished , the kitchen aids were the ones who cleaned .
Ill take you to school , he told me as he grabbed his coat off the hook .
I can have Leroy take me , I told him ..
Just come on , he murmured , grabbing my arm and gulling me away from the kitchen .
Careful Alpha Landry , I said teasingly .
One might think you actually like me if you keep acting possessively .
He didnt reply , he just shook his head .
I chuckled as I sat in the car .
We talked for a little while as we and drove to my school , but for the most part , it was fairly quiet .
He told me Leroy would pick me up bring me to the villa later .
Now that Nan knows just about everything , I was able to confide in her a little about it this morning before class .
I told her how confusing it was for me to be spending this time with Gavin , not knowing exactly where I stood .
One minute he was acting cold like this was no big deal , and the next he was being possessive and not wanting other men to flirt or even look at me .
I didnt understand him .
I cant believe you are actually sleeping with him , Nan chuckled , shaking her head .
Maybe hes just as confused .
I pondered that for a while during the day and decided to just let it go for right now .
True to his words , Leroy picked me up and brought me to the villa .
I wasnt expecting a run in with Irene today , but she stood in front of me with her arms folded across her chest, blocking my way into the parlor where I typically met Matt for our tutoring sessions .
You cant go in there today , she said .
My father is busy with the film crew Oh , I wasnt aware they were using the parlor today , I said , glancing at the time .
Is Matt elsewhere ? Maybe in his room ? She murmured .
She glanced over her shoulder and pushed the door open slightly so I could see into the room .
Gavin sat on the couch with none other than Skyla Singlaire seated on his right .
She was just as beautiful in person as she was in magazines and on TV .
Her hands were on his arm , and she was giggling at something that was said by someone in the room .
The sight of them together , so close , made my blood go cold .noveldrama
Dont they make such a beautiful couple ?
###Take 188
Chapter 0188 Third Person POV Irene knew exactly what she was doing .
The look on Judys face was exactly what she was going for .
She wanted Judy to see Skyla with her father and to think that Skyla was a better match .
Judy was no match when it came to Skyla , and everybody knew it .noveldrama
Including Skyla .
Just that morning they had a whole conversation about it .
Irene intercepted Skyla before she joined the others for their morning meeting .
Skyla frowned when she saw Irene because her last encounter with her hadnt been great .
In fact , Irene had made a fool out of herself trying to impress the actress .
But Irene knew something about Skyla now , and she was going to use that to her advantage .
Im late for the meeting , Skyla told Irene , holding up her hand and stopping what she had to say .
Cant this wait until later ? She was used to being bombarded by fans , and in her eyes , Irène wasnt any different .
I think you are going to want to speak with me now , Irene said , folding her arms across her chest .
Skyla froze and looked at the girl ; something about he made Skyla interested and she raised her brows Okay , you have my attention , she said curiously .
For now , she made sure to add .
Irene grinned and leaned against the wall ; her eyes fixed on the beautiful Skyla .
She would make the perfect stepmother ; not only was she age appropriate , but she was also gorgeous … not to mention she wasnt Judy and thats all that Irene cared about .
She wanted Judy away from her life .
In her head , Judy wasnt only using Gavin to get close to Ethan .
Irene wanted her as far away from their lives as possible and if that meant setting her father up with another woman , then thats exactly what she was going to do .
I overheard you speaking about my father last night , Irene went on to say .
I know you have a thing for him .
And why is that any of your business ? Skyla asked .
Well , for starters , if things work out for you , youd be my stepmother .
So , who my father sees , is kind of my business by default , Irene murmured .
Even Skyla had to admit , she had a point , though she didnt think that far ahead .
She only wanted to test the waters with Gavin to see if there was any potential in that .
Being a stepmother was not something she was signing up for .
But she supposed it was the price she was going to have to pay .
Im assuming you have an issue with me pursuing your father ? Skyla asked .
Not at all , Irene surprised her by saying without hesitation .
Dont get me wrong … I think it would be a little weird to call you stepmom … but my fathers happiness is all that matters to me and if you make .
him happy , then Im happy .
Matt and I have been wanting our father to remarry for some time now .
Matt ? My brother , she answered .
Of course , Irene knew that Matt was real brother , but he was basically her brother .
For a moment , she forgot that not everybody knew about Matt .
Even while the film Chapter 015-0 crew were living in their villa , Matt mainly kept to himself .
The crew was so busy , they wouldnt even notice if he had been around or not .
I wasnt aware Gavin had another child , Skyla murtured , displeased by this information , but it wasnt a deal breaker .
Skyla shook the thought out of her mind and narrowed her eyes at Irene .
Why are you even telling me this ? If you dont care that limpursuing him, then why are we having this conversation ? Because I needed to warn you , Irene told her .
I have reason to believe that my father is involved with someone .
Or at least hes interested in her … Skylas mood soured almost immediately .
Why do you believe that ? She asked through her teeth .
Because of the way he looks at her and vice versa .
They are always whispering and secretive … not to mention hes been out of the house most nights when shes not here … but hes always here when she is here , Irene explained .
Hes been trying to hide it , but Im observant and I notice everything And who is this woman ? Skyla asked , trying hard to contain her temper .
Her name is Judy , Irene told her , rolling her eyes at the very name .
Shes Matts tutor .
Irene didnt like this side of herself ; she didnt like being bitter and two faced … that wasnt how her father had raised her .
But she couldnt help herself .
Her jealousy over Judy and the fact that she had lied to Irene , keeping her relationship with Ethan a secret while pretending to be Irenes friend , made Irene act out of pocket .
She felt she had no other choice but to betray her in return .
###Take 189
hapter 0189 If Judy wanted to play games , then frene could play ten times better .
And what does this Judy have that I dont ? Skyla asked ; she had noticed that Gavin barely spared her a second glance and ignored her subtle advances .
Now she knew the reasoning behind that … it was because of Judy .
Nothing .
Irene murmured .
Judy is my age … shes too young for him .
My father deserves a real woman .
Not to mention you are way prettier .
Skyla smiled at that thought .
That was perfect ; that meant she still had a fighting chance .
She wasnt going to let this Judy girl win Gavins heart .
Skyla , we are waiting for you ! Chanse called to her from the parlor .
I need to be going , Skyla told Irene .
But thank you for this helpful information .
Im going to make sure your father chooses the right woman .
Irene smiled , her plan in motion .
Thats all I ask , she said innocently .
Ill do my part and maybe try and get Judy to walk away as well .
Skyla nodded ; she pegged Irene all wrong .
She thought Irene was a spoiled little princess who could do no wrong and had no evil bone in her body .
Maybe she was a spoiled little princess … but she was no saint .
If things worked out with Skyla and Gavin , she might enjoy being a stepmother to this girl .
She said a hasty goodbye before she retreated and went to the Parlor , pleased to see Gavin already there , She used that opportunity to sit beside him and make her move .
Meanwhile , Irene waited outside the parlor door , knowing that Judy would be here soon .
Her father told her to let Judy know that the tutoring session would be moved to a new location for today because of their last minute meeting .
He was busy and wasnt able to text her himself , so he asked Irene to do it for him .
She told him she would , but she didnt .
She wanted Judy to come to the parlor and see Skyla with her father .
She wanted her to see what a good couple they made .
Telling from the paling expression on Judys face , her plan had worked wonderfully .
Now she had it in her head that Gavin was moving on with someone much better than her and it wouldnt be long before she left .
She didnt want to break her fathers heart , but she knew Skyla could put the pieces back together .
Plus , Gavin was the strongest man that she knew … he wouldnt let a simple fling weaken him .
Thats all Judy was … a fling .
I overheard Skyla talking last night , Irene went on to tell Judy who appeared frozen as she stared at Skyla and Gavin communicating .
Shes very interested in my father .
Im already starting to think of her as a stepmother .
I see … Judy said in a breathy whisper .
She looked utterly crushed and , in a way , it kind of surprised Irene .
She thought that Judy was only using Gavin to get close to Ethan and that she wouldnt be as hurt as she was .
But seeing the many rays of emotions crossing her face , gave Irene some pause .
Then , she shook the thought out of her head … It Chapter 0189 was only an act .
She had been acting since the moment they met , and she was good at it .
There was no way Judy was actually hurt over seeing Gavin with another woman .
She was only upset that her plan to get close to Ethan was failing and now she was going to have to come up with a new plan that didnt involve Irenes father .
Irene was determined to expose all her plans though ; she wasnt going to let Judy win .
Im sorry … Judy said , stepping away from the parlor I think Im not feeling well .
Can you apologize to Matt for me and tell him that our session will be moved to tomorrow .
Irene gave her a fake concerned frown .
Of course , she said with fake sweetness .
Is everything okay ? You are looking pale .
Judy nodded numbly and pulled her eyes away from the parlor door to look at Irene .
She froze when she saw the tears in Judys eyes .
She was trying hard to hide them , but they were clear as day .
Judy was hurt and upset … , but that didnt make any sense .
Why be upset over something like this when she didnt truly want Gavin in the first place ? It was Ethan she wanted … Yes , Judy said , turning her face away .
It was good to see you , Irene .
With that , Judy left without another word , leaving Irene confused
###Take 190
I hadnt been able to speak with her since this morning due to being so busy today , but I told Irene to text her and let her know that the tutoring session was moved to a new location , then I decided to just cancel it for the day because the film crew needed the space for their meeting , and they wanted to examine the training grounds for the movie .
I thought Leroy would have taken her home right after school , so I was surprised when I picked up her scent .
I was about to go check and see if she was here , but Chanse was talking my ear off the entire meeting , and it made it difficult to leave .
Not to mention Skyla was clinging to my arm like she had a right to touch me .
I kept shimmying my arm away from her grasp , hoping she would get the hint , but the more I resisted her , the more determined she got .
My wolf didnt particularly like her touch , and he was snarling in my head the entire time she sat beside me .
I had to block him out before he lost control and did something we would both regret .
As soon as the meeting ended , several long hours later , I was the first to leave the room .
I wanted to call Judy .
and see if she was at the villa .
But just as I reached into my pocket to grab my phone , I heard my name from behind me .
Alpha Gavin , Chanse called after me before I got too far away .
I sighed , stifling a groan , as I turned to face the director .
Yes ? I asked , trying to compose my annoyance .
I was thinking , how about you take Skyla to dinner tonight ? She could use a break and some time away from the rest of us , he told me .
I narrowed my eyes at him .
And why would I do that ? I asked him .
Look , Im worried about her .
Shes lost a lot of weight and isnt eating like she used to .
I know she cares about her body because shes a model and an icon … but I still want her to be healthy .
I wouldnt want that for my sister , Kylie , and I dont want that for Skyla .
She seems to like you , and I think it would do her some good to get out for a little while and take a break .
Im sure you can get her to eat a proper meal and take care of herself a little better .
I ran my fingers through my hair , not caring that I was messing it up .
I kind of have something I need to do- I started to say .
Please , Alpha .
I know Im asking a lot , but shes fragile and I dont want to see her hurt herself , Chanse pleaded .
She looks up to you … she always has .
Im sure you can help her .noveldrama
I sighed ; I couldnt exactly say no to that , especially because I needed to live by example , being a Lycan Chairman and all .
Okay , yeah , Ill take her to dinner , I murmured .
Chanse looked pleased and smiled at my answer .
Chapter 8190 Excellent , he said , clapping his hands together .
Illet her know .
Thank you , Alpha .
He bowed respectfully before retreating to the parlor to tell Skyla the news .
I sighed and glanced at the time ; it looked like I wasnt going to be able to go to the mansion tonight .
I grabbed my phone and brought up Judys contact .
After I pushed the call button , I pressed the phone to my cheek and waited for an answer that never came I frowned and glanced at the screen , hanging up before it made me leave a message .
I decided to text her instead .
Me : Hey , sorry , I wont be able to come over tonight .
But Ill try and swing by tomorrow .
Hope you good day .
had a I reread the message , not fully satisfied with it , but it do .
I pressed send and waited a few minutes for her to reply .
She only sent me a thumbs up emoji .
I furrowed my brows .
Was she upset with me about something ? Oh , hi Daddy , Irene said as she walked down the stairs .
Is everything okay ? Yeah , I murmured , my eyes still fixed on my phone I shook the thought of Judy being mad out of my head and looked up at my daughter who was still descending the stairs .
Did you see Judy earlier today ? She frowned at my question and bit her lower lip .
Yeah , she came here , she said softly .
She wasnt feeling good , so she left .
My frown deepened ; she was fine this morning .
What happened so suddenly that she had to leave due to illness ? I thought I told you to tell her the tutoring session was canceled ? I reminded her .
###Take 191
Chapter 0191 Oh , sorry , Dad .
I thought you said that session was only moved , she murmured .
I told her the session had been moved .
But when she got here , she said she wasnt feeling well and then left .
Thats all I know … Something wasnt sitting right in the pit of my stomach , but Irene had no reason to lie to me , so I nodded .
Okay , I murmured .
Thanks .
Im having dinner with Skyla tonight , so I wont be home till later.
Sure , Dad , Irene said , her eyes lighting up .
Have fun ! I walked past her and up the stairs so I could get dressed for my dinner .
Within the hour , we were ready to go .
Skyla changed into a dazzling red dress that hugged her thin body perfectly and amplified her breasts .
I knew she was doing it on purpose , but it rubbed me the wrong way .
I texted Judy again before I left and told her that I hoped she felt better and to call if she needed anything .
I didnt mind stopping by with whatever she might need … it went unanswered though which made me worry even more .
I shouldnt be worried about her like this … it wasnt in my nature .
Yet , I couldnt seem to get her out of my head , even while I was at dinner with Skyla .
Alpha Gavin , you seem distracted , Skyla said , staring at me from across the table .
She picked up her wine and took a sip .
Is everything okay ? I murmured as I took a sip of my own wine .
I just have a lot on my mind .
Im very busy lately .
I can understand that , Skyla said , batting her lashes Ive been super busy too .
Its nice to get out though and get away from it all .
Thank you for taking me to this lovely restaurant .
Its perfect and just what I needed .
Im sure you needed to get out too , being a busy Lycan and all .
I nodded .
It is nice to not be doing any work right now , I lied .
In truth , this was more work than my actual work .
But I couldnt say that to her , so I decided on a lie .
She seemed to have bought it because she smiled and relaxed in her seat .
Im so glad to hear you say that , she said softly , reaching over the table and touching my arm gently .
Because Im hoping we can spend more time together .
I pulled my arm away subtly and leaned back in my seat , taking another sip of wine .
Its not often that I have this free time , I told her .
Im not sure it would be possible .
Im busy too , she confessed .
But Ill make time for you .
Im really enjoying myself and I think you are enjoying yourself too .
We could have a little fun and get to know each other even better .noveldrama
Two busy souls , finding comfort in one another .
Before I could reply , the waiter returned with our meals .
We didnt finish the conversation ; we ate in silence .
I hoped she had forgotten about the conversation , but as we left the restaurant , she reached over and grabbed a hold of my hand .
I dont want the evening to end , she said in a hushed tone as she stepped closer to me , her breasts .
pressing against my arm .
How about we take a walk under the stars and talk about life ? Its been a long time since Ive been on a date and- I stepped away from her , forcing her arms to drop to her sides and off my body .
This wasnt a date , Skyla , I told her , a little more harshly than I anticipated .
Im sorry if you got the wrong idea but Of course not , but I was hoping that maybe this could have turned into one , Skyla said quickly .
Im not stupid , Gavin .
I knew this wasnt a date when we started , but I also know that theres a connection between us .
This was merely a casual outing at best , 1 told her , my frown deepening She opened her mouth to reply , but a flash of light stopped her .
She turned to see a couple of men with cameras pointed at her .
Skyla Sinclaire ? Are you on a date with Gavin Landry ? Skyla who are you wearing ? Your dress is lovely ! Skyla whats your relationship with Alpha Landry ? Are you a couple ? Or are you just friends ? Skyla was momentarily stunned , as was 1.
I thought she would have told them that this was nothing more than a casual outing as we had just discussed , so was shocked when she stepped closer to me , wrapping her arms around my neck .
She smiled at the camera , winked , and then she kissed me !
###Take 192
Chapter 0192 Gavins POV I immediately stepped away from her and wiped my mouth clean of her saliva .noveldrama
What the actual fuck just happened ? Skylas face turned beat red at the sight of my obvious rejection of her advances .
I turned my icy gaze to the paparazzi who noticed my fiery energy immediately and slowly lowered their cameras .
Leave before I rip your throats out of your necks , I said through my teeth , unleashing a bit of my wolf for extra strength .
I knew that his eyes were shining through mine and turning my gaze glowing yellow .
The paparazzi started to shake in their shoes as they murmured their apologies and quickly dispersed from the scene .
I was still fuming long after they had left ; I was unable to move .
I mindlinked Beta Taylor and told him to pick us up .
I planned to just drop her off at the villa and then return to the mansion so I could see if Judy was okay .
I felt Skylas hand on my back after what felt like a long and awkward silence .
I immediately tensed , my wolf growling and snapped in my mind and I held him back before he hurt her .
Dont touch me , I said through my teeth and stepped away from her .
Gavin- Its Alpha , I snapped , turning my fiery gaze on her and flaring my nostrils as anger surged through ine .
You crossed a line tonight , Skyla .
You shouldnt have done that ! I … Im sorry , she murmured .
I just wanted to get them off my back .
They wouldnt stop until we gave them an answer they wanted .
I seemed to have stopped them perfectly fine without lying to them , I seethed .
You think that stopped them ? Skyla laughed , shaking her head .
They arent through with us just yet We are done here , I said just as Taylor pulled up in the car .
Get in the car and speak nothing about this to anyone .
She stared at me for a brief moment and then she smiled sweetly .
Of course , she said , brushing past me .
I wont have to speak about this to anyone .
Theyll already be talking about it by tomorrow .
I had no idea what she was talking about , but I decided to ignore her .
I sat in the front seat with Taylor while Skyla sat in the back seat .
The further I was from her , the better it would be .
My only thought at the moment was to get to Judy .
Judys POV Maybe it doesnt mean anything .
Nan told me on the phone .
I curled up in bed , tears staining my cheeks .
Why was I acting like this ? I dont even know the full story yet I had no reason to act like I lost everything … I mean , Chester flirted with me and that doesnt mean Im about to screw his brains out .
Chapter 0192 Maybe its the same thing for Gavin and Skyla … Then why does it feel like my heart had been ripped our of my chest and stomped on ? Why is my wolf in despair as if she had lost someone as well ? These feelings were confusing , and I wasnt really sure what to do about them .
I dont know , I murmured .
Im so tired and seeing them together earlier … it hurt , Nan .
Why would Irene show you that ? Nan asked bitterly , She knew you had a thing for him , didnt she ? I dont know if she did or didnt … but I thought she at least suspected , I said softly .
More tears burned in my eyes , but I blinked them away , Shes been acting strangely lately .
Im not sure whats wrong with her , but I dont think she really wants to be my friend anymore .
Good , Nan told me , You shouldnt be friends with your exs mistress anyway .
She didnt know she was a mistress .
I cant blame her for what Ethan had done .
We are both victims .
The only difference is , I know Im a victim and Irene doesnt .
I feel sorry for her … I want to continue being her friend , but shes been avoiding me and acting strangely .
Dont stress too much about her ; I dont think shes worth it .
If Gavin truly likes you , hes not going to do anything with this girl .
Trust me , she told me gently .
Thats the problem , Nan , I whispered .; I dont know if he does truly like me , or if this is just sex .
There was silence on the other end for a moment .
Maybe you should be talking to him about it ? She suggested .
You seem to have a lot of confusion , and it should be cleared up if you continue to spend time with him and live in his mansion , Nan told me .
I was about to reply , but then the door of the room opened , and Gavin stood at the entryway .
It was late in the evening and my heart started to beat fast at the sight of him .
He looked so tired .
I wasnt expecting to see him tonight and I was borderline , mortified that he was now seeing me with my face all blotchy and my eyes filled with tears .
I quickly tried to hide my face and wipe the tears away before they became obvious to him .
I Nan , Ill talk to you tomorrow , I told her quickly , my voice dropping to a whisper.
Did he just walk in ? She asked curiously .
She knew me well .
###Take 193
Chapter 0193 Yes , I whispered hoarsely .
Good luck and remember , take a deep breath and dont jump to conclusions .
Let him explain first before you go off .
Update me on everything tomorrow I will , I assured her and then I hung up the phone .noveldrama
I put the phone on the nightstand and plugged it into the charger before turning to look at him .
He still remained at the doorway , studying me with a frown .
Irene said you were unwell , he told me .
You were fine this morning ! I nodded and wiped my checks again , hoping he didnt notice how blotchy my face was and the tears that were still in my eyes .
I hated how weak I was in front of him , but I couldnt help myself .
Yeah , I was just a little under the weather , I lied .
I think I might have eaten something bad .
Was it whatever Chester made you ? He asked through his teeth .
Ill fire him and- No ! I said quickly .
Dont fire him ; he didnt do anything .
It was something I ate at school .
Nothing more .
He looked almost disappointed ; I knew he kind of wanted to fire Chester because he rubbed Gavin the wrong way , but I wasnt going to let him .
I liked Chester ; he was funny , and he made being here less lonely .
Between him and Harper , I felt like I belonged around here .
At least I did until I spotted Skyla and Gavin together .
That sick feeling returned to my belly and stared down at my lap , willing my tears away before they slipped down my cheeks .
How was your date ? I murmured , unable to hide the bitterness in my tone .
It wasnt a date , he said immediately .
It was a casual dinner .
Chanse thought it would be good if I took her to dinner and- his voice trailed off .
Wait , didnt say anything about it in the text .
How did you know ? 1 bit my lip as my cheeks burned with embarrassment had nothing to be embarrassed about though ; I didnt ask Irene to send me a photo of Gavin and Skyla leaving .
She captioned it , My father going on his first real date in years ! Dont they look beautiful together ? I felt sick to my stomach , and I have been crying ever since .
I hated the effect it had on me , but I couldnt help myself .
They did look great together ; Skyla in her shimmering red dress , pressed herself up against Gavin who was dressed in a nice suit .
He was dressed in something more casual now and I wondered if Skyla helped him take off his suit .
Irene sent me a picture , I admitted .
She wanted me to see how lovely the two of you ! were together .
I looked up at him and saw that his eyes were dark with rage .
I shuddered at the sight of him and swallowed the lump in my throat .
Ill have a conversation with her about that , he muttered .
But it wasnt a date .
I nodded , wanting to believe him .
1/2 Chapter oras He stepped closer to the bed .
Are you still feeling sick ? He asked .
I nodded ; I was feeling sick , but not because I ate something bad .
Ill get you some tea then , he said ; before I could protest , he was already out of the room .
I sighed and leaned my head against my pillow , feeling frustrated and hurt all at the same time .
Gavin returned a little later with a mug of tea , made exactly how I liked it .
I was surprised that he remembered such details about me .
I thanked him and sipped the tea silently , with him watching me .
We didnt talk for the rest of the night ; I wasnt even expecting him to stay the night .
But he did .
He slept beside me as if it was the most normal thing in the world .
When I woke the next morning , the bed was empty , but I heard the shower on in the bathroom and I let out a breath I hadnt known I was holding .
He was still there , and he was taking a shower I started to feel a bit lighter knowing that he came to me right after his date and spent the night with me under the impression that I was sick .
He made me tea and was tentative about my needs last night ; he didnt try to have sex with me or anything .
Maybe he did care about me after all .
I grabbed my phone , and I saw that Nan had called me and she sent me a text as well .
I frowned , wondering what was so urgent that she needed to get a hold of me so early this morning , I opened the text and saw her message , my heart weighing heavily in my chest .
Nan : Whatever you do , dont open the internet today ! Please !! There was a sinking feeling in my chest , and I knew I had to find out what she was talking about .
I immediately went to the internet and the news headline was large and in front of my face , making that sick feeling in my stomach return .
Skyla Sinclare Spotted with New Boyfriend , Gavin Landry ! Tears filled my eyes and started to spill down my cheeks before I could stop them .
I pressed the caption and let it take me to the article … and that was when I saw the photo … It was Gavin and Skyla , and they were kissing !
###Take 194
Chapter 0194 In just a heartbeat , it felt like my entire world had been crashing down around me .
Gavin lied to me .
He had taken Skyla out on a date and kissed her … the evidence was in this new story and now I felt stupid for falling for such a nasty trick .
Hadnt Ethan taught me anything? I couldnt trust anyone .
They would all betray me .
Ellian was my fated mate and even he betrayed me .
Now Gavin was betraying me ? The shower turned off and I quickly got out of bed , I grabbed a pair of jeans and a T shirt .
I wanted to get out of here before lie left the bathroom .
I wasnt sure Id be able to face him right now .
I was fuming and I knew it would only be bad .
My wolf was in despair , and she was also angry over the fact that Gavin had lied to us .
What was wrong with me ? Why did I keep getting played so badly like this ? Just as I reached the door , the bathroom door swung open and Gavin stepped out , wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist .noveldrama
Beads of water trailed down his broad chest and I found myself staring made my at it for the longest moment as it disappeared beneath the towel .
Seeing him like this always heart skip a beat and it was a struggle to pull my eyes away from it and up at his face .
He was staring at me with an amused look in his eyes , having caught me checking him out .
My cheeks flushed but it was mainly out of rage and not because of embarrassment .
I was about to turn and leave , but his voice stopped me .
Are you leaving for somewhere ? He asked , glancing at the time .
You dont have to be at school for another few hours .
I was wondering how you were feeling .
If you want , we could … his voice trailed off when he saw the hurt expression on my face .
So , thats why you spent the night here even after knowing I was sick ? I asked through my teeth .
Did you not get enough last night that you needed to get some from me as well ? He narrowed his eyes , a frown marring his lips .
What are you talking about ?  Dont play stupid with me , Gavin , 1 all but shouted .
I know exactly what you were doing last night , and I feel so stupid to believe that it wasnt an actual date .
But that was a lie .
It was a date … you were on a date with her and then you came here and lied to me about it ! A low growl escaped his throat as he stepped closer to me .
Dont speak to me like that .
You are out of line .
Remember who you are speaking to , he said in a low and deadly tone .
I gave h a mocking laugh .
Oh , trust me .
I know exactly who Im speaking to .
You are a liar , and I shouldnt have trusted you .
You are all the same ! Whats the meaning of this outburst ? He asked , his eye glowing yellow as his wolf fought to take 1/2 control .
I wondered if he wanted to tear my throat out .
Are you still playing stupid ? I asked as I pulled out of my phone .
I brought up the headline and showed it to him , watching his eyes widen as he took in the photo underneath the headline .
He was at a loss for words ; he had been caught in a lie and now he didnt know how to sweet talk himself out of this .
Still going to pretend it wasnt a date ? I muttered bitterly .
1 turned away from him and was about to leave but he grabbed my arm , stopping me immediately .
It wasnt enough to hurt me , but enough to send me into a fight or flight mode .
I whipped around and slapped him hard in the face .
He barely flinched and Im pretty sure I hurt my hand way more than I hurt his face , but it still felt good to hear the sound and to know I made some kind of impact on him .
You are acting like a fool , he said between his teeth .
Calm yourself down before you go anywhere .
I wont have you leaving here like this .
Why ? Am I embarrassing you , Alpha ? I asked sarcastically .
I apologize .
I mocked a head bow before pulling my arm out of his grasp .
Dont touch me ! He grabbed my arm again and this time he shoved me against the wall , his wolf surging forward slightly and I could see him fighting to control himself .
I thought he was about to rip out my throat , but when he nuzzled his face in the nape of my neck and inhaled deeply , letting out a shuttering breath , I felt my body relaxing .
His close proximity gave my wolf and body a strange reaction and the anger I was once feeling started to subside .
###Take 195
Chapter 0195 Dont test me , Judy , he murmured against me , his lips tracing the nape of my neck , his tongue slipping out .
I trembled beneath him as he pinned me between his body and the wall .
Im not in the mood .
I wasnt sure what to say or do , but at this moment , my body seemed to have a mind of its own .
I lifted up one of my legs and wrapped it around his waist , grinding myself against him like a horny dog .
I felt him hardening and it made me move faster , wanting to see how hard I could make him at this moment .
He let out another low growl before his lips covered mine and he kissed me as if he had been starving .
I hadnt realized how badly I wanted him until that moment , but we were soon ripping each others clothes off .
Now completely naked , I was at his mercy , and I completely forgot why I was even angry with him in the first place .
My heart was hammering against my chest at rapid speed , and I moaned into his mouth as he lifted me up and I wrapped both legs around his body .
He pushed himself into me and I let out another breathy moan , speaking out his name He nibbled on my bottom lip as he continued to thrust into me .
He ran his lips down my neck , sending chills throughout my entire body .
His little bites mark me without actually marking me .
He brought me over to bed and ravished my body as I enjoyed his .noveldrama
He sucked and bit every corner of me that he could , leaving his markings all over the place .
Iran my fingers through his hair as he brought me to new heights .
I was blinded by the lust that our conversation from before had flown right out of the window .
Some might call me foolish , but at this moment I didnt care .
When he pushed me over the edge and I screamed out his name , he growled loudly , his wolf surging forward and his canines elongated .
I gasped at the sight , and I found myself wanting to bear my neck to him ; my own wolf tried to surge as well , wanting to submit to him , but I held her back , confused by the gesture .
As Gavin reached his climax , he managed to pull his wolf back and he let out a distressed howl before submitting ck into Gavin .
We were both breathing heavily as we came down from the peak .
He quickly pulled out of me and gained a bit of distance so we could catch our breaths , neither of us looking at each other .
Im not sure either of us knew what to say at that moment , but my entire body was on fire .
I should go , he said as he quickly got off the bed .
I have some business today .
But Ill see you later at the villa .
I nodded numbly and watched him as he quickly got dressed .
He would barely even look at me and I wondered what was runn he would have told me .
through his mind .
I didnt ask him though ; I knew he wanted me to know , Without another word , he left , leaving me alone with my thoughts .
At school , I told Nan all about it and she told me I was stupid for forgetting why I was upset in the first place , but she was glad I didnt let it ruin my day .
Truth be told , I hadnt thought about Skyla or the kiss since this morning .
My mind was whirling with thoughts of Gavin almost losing control of his wolf while .
we had sex .
Did he almost mark me ? 12 Chapter 0195 Why would that be something his wolf would want ? And why did that excite me ? It didnt make any sense to me , but I decided to not dwell too much on it .
I had to get through my session with Matt and pretend that it never happened When I reached the Villa later that evening , I wasnt expecting it to be so busy with a film crew .
Apparently , they were starting their filming session in Gavins Villa , but the parlor was cleared so I was able to tutor Matt .
After we did his homework , we went outside to spar a lttle before I left for the evening , but I noticed that they were doing some filming on the training grounds .
Gavin was speaking with Skyla about something while the others were talking amongst themselves .
Skyla was putting her hands all over him and he was just standing there , letting her touch him , A furious rage coursed through me and before I knew what was happening , I was growling ! ti
Chapter 0196 I didnt realize what I was doing until everybody turned to stare at me .
My wolf was furious at the sight of Skyla all over Gavin and I could hardly contain her .
She wanted blood and I wasnt sure if I could hold her back fully .
She had never acted like this before and had to admit , I was a bit worried .
I felt Matts hand wrap around my wrist and that was the only thing that started to calm me .
Even my wolf knew she couldnt lose control with a child present .
I took a steady deep breath and released it shakily .
My eyes found Gavins and he didnt look pleased with my outburst .
He said something to Skyla who stepped away from him , her hands tucked in at her sides , and her eyes never left mine .
She didnt look pleased either ; the others just looked at me curiously and were a little amused .
Im sure they lived for this kind of drama , and they were hoping something exciting would happen sooner or later .
Before I could grasp what was happening , Gavin was beside me .
He grabbed my wrist and yanked me along with him and into the villa .
I nearly stumbled over my feet in the process .
I could feel his anger rolling off him in waves and it made me that much more nervous .
I had never felt this type of anger coming off him before and it made it that much worse knowing it was directed at me .
When we were far enough away , he finally stopped walking and released his hold on me .
He turned to face me , and I could see the anger crossing his face .
Is this arrangement of ours too much for you ? I was stunned by his question .
W … what ? I asked him , my resolve fading .
Is this going to be an issue ? Are other women being around me ? Because if it is , we should stop with this arrangement and just be boss and employer again .noveldrama
You can still remain in the mansion but- I dont know what happened , I said quickly .
My wolf momentarily lost her mind , but shes fine now .
He was quiet for a moment as he scanned my face .
You made a fool out of yourself out there .
You knew they were shooting today and shouldnt have come out there .
Didnt Irene give you the notice ? I frowned and grabbed my phone from my pocket .
Irene hadnt texted me at all .
I knew she was upset with me about something , but why would she sabotage me like that ? I glanced at Gavin and bit my lower lip .
I must have missed her text , I mumbled , not wanting to pin him against his daughter .
I didnt want to cause issues with the Landry family .
I have to do damage .
If you are going to act like a child , then you can leave .
Do your tutoring sessions elsewhere , he snapped before he turned his back on me .
1 His words were harsh , and they felt like a slap in the face .
I wasnt sure what to say or do , so I stood there , watching him walk away .
A moment later , Matt joined me .
He had a concerned frown on his lips .
Are you okay , Judy ? He asked .
TA Chapter 0196 I didnt want him to think that I was upset , so I forced a smile and nodded .
Yeah , I told him .
Lets do some training in the villas gym today , I suggested .
# He nodded and we headed to the back of the villa and into the gym .
We spent the next hour training and by the time we were done , we were both exhausted .
As I was leaving , I got a glimpse of Irene who was walking out of the kitchen .
She froze when she spotted .
me , and her frown was evident .
Why didnt you tell me that they were filming on the training grounds today ? I asked her , folding her arms across my chest .
It must have slipped my mind , she said , shrugging one of her shoulders as she started to walk towards the stairs .
Is there a problem between us , Irene ? I asked her , stopping her from getting too far .
Why would you think theres a problem ? She asked , a little too innocently .
Her tone spoke volumes , and I realized she had been planning against me .
She was angry with me and for reasons I wasnt sure of .
My frown deepened as my cheeks grew hot .
What had I done wrong to make you dislike me ? I thought you wanted to be friends , but you arent acting like a friend , Irene , I told her .
She was silent for a moment before she let out a bitter laugh .
She spun on her heel and glared at me , her eyes icy and sending a chill down my spine .
###Take 196
Chapter 0197 You want to talk about friendship ? She asked , stepping closer to me .
You are the one who wasnt acting like a friend .
You lied to me from the beginning and now you are angry because Im the one who has the upper hand ? You are pathetic and my father deserves better than to be played by you ! My blood went cold .
What are you talking about ? I asked her .
I never lied to you … Even as I spoke those words , I knew they werent true .
But Irene couldnt possibly know the truth about Ethan and me … could she ? Telling from the crazed look in her eyes … it was a possibility .
You have been lying to me since the second we met ! Irene hissed ; her eyes filled with a fire I had never seen before .
You told me nothing was going on between you and Ethan , but you lied of me , Judy ! You didnt tell me you were his fated mate ! I was stunned that she knew this information .
How did she find out  I wasnt sure what to say , so I stared at her , dumbstruck .
Nothing to say now , huh ? She murmured , shaking her head , her eyes filling with pity and disgust .
Have you been sleeping with him this entire time ? Is that why you never said anything ? Am I the fool here ? Are you and Ethan screwing- No ! I said sharply , cutting off her words .
Ethan and I are no longer together .
# Dont bullshit me , she said , tears filling her eyes .
You dont just break up with a fated mate .
Its not possible .
Either you did something so terrible that it made him walk away from you , or you are still screwing each other , and this is some kind of sick plan to get close to my father .
I dont know what your game plan is , but its not going to work ! I dont know what youre talking about , I said , shaking my own head .
Im not playing you , Irene .
Im not the one you need to be worried about ! I cant believe a single thing that you say ! She hissed , stepping closer to me .
You are a liar , and I thought you were my friend .
But that was a lie too .
You were never my friend .
You were plotting against my fiancé.1 me from the beginning .
You were after Ethan is not the saint you think he is … I tried to reason with her ; I wanted her to see that she was engaged to a monster , He was the one she needed to be mad at .
Tears streaked down her cheeks .
No , you are the mastermind , she said .
Ethan would never deliberately lie to me .
Was she serious ? Irene- Just shut the hell up ! She growled and before I knew what was happening , she grabbed my hair and yanked me to the ground .
It was all so sudden that I had barely enough time to react .
I didnt want to Chapter 0197 hurt her , even though I knew I could take her down quickly .
I just wanted to defend myself , so I used my defense mechanisms to avoid her punches .
looked in the villa foyer ; two girls screaming and rolling around the I couldnt imagine how I must have ground .
Im sure it was pathetic .noveldrama
The second Gavin appeared in front of us , I knew it before I even saw him .
His aura was strong , and it washed over the both of us immediately .
Irene only coward a little at the force of his Alpha powers , probably because they were of the same blood , so it didnt have as strong an effect on her .
But for me , it hurt badly .
I screamed in pain as my head felt like it was about to explode .
The force of his Alpha powers pushed me into the ground so hard that I felt my nose bleeding from the pressure , Irene , tell me what is going on here ? Gavin ordered his daughter , his wolf close to the surface .
She betrayed me , Irene whimpered , her bottom lip trembling .
Shes been with Ethan the entire time … shes his fated mate ! Gavin released me from his Alpha power , and I let out a breath of air from the relief .
I didnt dare move from the ground though .
I was a mess ; my nose was bleeding and apparently , I had been crying without even realizing it .
What did you just say ? Gavin asked Irene , his eyes narrowed .
Irene sniffled and wiped her eyes .
I said , shes been sleeping with my fiancé ! At that moment , the front door shut , and we all turned our attention to the person standing before us .
I was faced with a wide eyed Ethan .
###Take 197
Chapter 0198 Irene hadnt meant to spill that secret like that , especially with Ethan being right there .
But she didnt know that Ethan was about to walk in .
She was planning on meeting him later , so it would have been a nice surprise for him to show up at the Villa announce .
However , at this moment , Irene was mortified .
She stared back at Ethan who was staring at her like he was a deer caught in the headlights .
His eyes were impossibly big , and he had no idea what to say at this moment .
He hadnt expected Irene to know about him and Judy , even though nothing was going on between them right now , she was still never supposed to find out that they were in fact fatedmates .
Had Judy told Irene this information ? How would she have found out  I didnt mean to cause a scene , Irene said , standing to her feet and wiping at her eyes .
But Judy lied but it was to me from the beginning .
She told me that nothing was going on between her and Ethan , b nothing but a lie .
Gavins eyes found Judys and they darkened .
He was furious and that much was obvious to everyone involved .
Irene wasnt exactly sure which part he was mad at though .
Was he mad that Judy had and betrayed Irene , or was he mad at the fact that shes been sleeping with Ethan ? Maybe now her father will see that she is not the woman he thought she was , and he can leave her behind .
Skyla is the much better choice anyway .
Irene , Baby … Ethan finally said , breaking the silence between them as he stepped closer to her and around Judy .
He didnt even spare Judy a look and it made Irenes heart swell a little .
He looked so distraught and frightened that it tugged at her heartstrings .
I would never do anything to hurt you .
I just didnt want to worry you but Judy and I are indeed mates … but we broke up … theres nothing more to it than that .
Irene wasnt sure if she should believe him or not .
She stared at him with a hurt expression ; tears filling her eyes .
She bit her trembling lower lip , trying to understand what was going on .
I dont know what to trust anymore … Irene admitted , staring down at her hands .
I know … Ethan said softly , reaching his hand out to her like was trying to tame a wild animal .
And its my fault .
Im so sorry .
But I love you , Irene , and I would never do anything to purposely hurt you .
You have to believe me , baby .
Im so sorry you had to find out this way .
More tears slipped down Irenes cheeks .
Maybe you should speak about this in private , her father said , his eyes still fixed on Judy who remained on the ground .
His Alpha power did a number on her .
Irene finally nodded and took Ethans hand .
Okay , she said softly .
She didnt bother to share Judy another look ; she walked with Ethan up the stairs and into the bedroom , 1/2 Chapter 190 closing the door behind them .
Ethan let out a breath of air once they were alone , but Irene was feeling anything but relieved .
She wrapped her arms around her body and glared at him across the room .
How could you lie to me , Ethan ? She asked him after a beat of silence .
Ethan turned to look at her and she saw the remorse on his face .
I shouldnt have , he admitted .
Im so sorry .
Please forgive me … How can I forgive you so quickly ? She asked , sniffling as she wiped at her moist cheeks .
Are you still sleeping with her ? No , Ethan said without hesitation .
Do you want to sleep with her ? She suddenly asked .
There as a slight hesitation that made Irenes heart crack even more .
Its complicated , he admitted .
My wolf still wants her because shes our mate .
So , I guess until we mate and mark you , then the answer is yes .
I still want to sleep with her in some shape or form .
But thatll end soon enough , and I wouldnt act on those feelings .
You are the one I want to be with .
You are the one I love .
I cant love Judy the same way I used to Why not ? Irene asked , meeting his eyes .
Because she cheated on me with someone else , he blurted , shrugging his shoulders .noveldrama
Shes manipulative .
Shes been here this entire time , using your father , because she wants to get to me .
She told me so herself !
###Take 198
Chapter 0199 Irene gawked at him ; she suspected as much , but hearing Ethan confirm it was mind boggling .
What ? She asked in a breathy whisper .
Shes using my father to get pet to v you ? Yes , of course she is , he said , rolling his eyes .
Why else would she be hanging around him like this ? Its pathetic if you ask me .
Shes flirted with me so much since she started working here and I keep telling her that Im not interested .
Shes not the person you thought she was , Irene .
You should be careful around her .
Irene knew this , but hearing it was different .
Anger coursed through her ; she started to hate Judy just a little more and now her poor Ethan was a victim to her Ethan closed the gap between them , seeing this as his opportunity to comfort her .
He wrapped her in his arms and kept her close to his body .
His wolf wasnt exactly happy about this … but he needed to comfort Irene if he wanted his plans to work out .
I love yo you , Ethan murmured , kissing the top of her head .
Im so sorry that you got hurt .
But I promise , Im not hiding anything more from you .
15 Irene nodded against his chest and let out a breath of relief .
She felt better after this talk , she now knew who her friends were and who were her enemies and Judy was no friend .
Judys POV Gavin pressed the warm cloth to my nose , wiping away the excess blood on my face .
We hadnt spoken since Irene and Ethan went upstairs .
I was hoping that she would have told Ethan to get lost and not take him back .
But that didnt seem to be the case ; the moment she took his hand , I knew she was going to forgive him .
I was honestly surprised Gavin was even allowing that to happen ; he knew what scum Ethan was .
Yet , hes still letting his daughter marry him .
Were you the one who told her ? Gavin asked , breaking the silence between us .
I looked up at him , surprised by the question .
No , of course not , I told him .
I wouldnt do that .
I wouldnt want to hurt her like that .
Then , how did she find out ? Gavin asked , his tone accusatory .
I frowned at him .
I dont know , I said slowly .
I have no idea how she found out , but it wasnt from me .
He studied my face for a moment before nodding and returning his attention to the blood on my face .
You shouldnt have fought with her .
1 narrowed my eyes at her , shocked by his words .
She threw the first punch , I told him .
I barely fought back .
You know I could have- You should have walked away before it got to that point .
Chapter 0199 His words were like a slap in the face , and I wasnt sure what to say in response .
We both remained silent for a while and once he finished wiping the blood on my face , he leaned back and studied me even more .
to I think until the filming is finished , you shouldnt come villa , he told me .
Ill send Matt to you at the mansion .
I raised my brows .
You arent worried about Matt finding out that Im living here ? I asked him .
He shook his head .noveldrama
Matts only been there a few times himself , Gavin admitted .
If he asks any questions , we can just tell him that you needed a place to stay , and I offered the mansion .
Theres nothing more to it than that , right ? I bit my lip , feeling hurt , but I nodded .
Right , I murmured .
And I think its best if you stayed away from Irene .
At least until things cool down , he murmured .
He didnt have to tell me twice ; Irene made it perfectly clear where I stood with her .
As much as it hurt to lose a friend , it was probably better if I didnt hang out with my exs fiancé anyway .
I nodded again , hating how red my face was getting .
You should go , he concluded as he stood to his feet .
I wont be there tonight , but Ill try to swing by tomorrow .
Its okay , I said softly .
I get it .
He didnt reply , but I could feel his eyes on me .
C … can you tell Irene that Im sorry ? I asked him , peeking up at him through his lashes .
His jaw clenched and unclenched , and he nodded .
Sure , he said .
I gave him a faint smile , but I turned and left , unable to spare him another look .
###Take 199
Chapter 0200 Judys POV Ethan is such a jerk , Nan huffed as we walked to the student lounge .
It was the next day after my encounter with Irene and I had just finished telling Nan about the entire ordeal .
She was aggravated on my behalf , I was just hurt and confused .
Gavin hadnt reached out to me since last night and it was almost nearing evening currently .
Actually , he did text me earlier .
But it was only to tell me that Matt wasnt feeling well and that he wasnt going to come to tutoring today .
He also made it a point to tell me that he wasnt coming over tonight .
It wasnt surprising ; I wasnt really expecting him to .
Yeah , well , Irene is hopelessly in love with him .
Im assuming she took him back , I murmured , shaking my head .
Its whatever .
Its not my problem anymore .
Doesnt it still hurt though ? Nan asked with a frown I mean , hes your mate and all … I shook my head and bit my lower lip .
Thats not the part that hurt the most , I murmured .
Im used to Ethan hurting me and my wolf .
Its not new to either of us .
It hurts less and less each time though .
I dont love him anymore , despite him being my mate .
Nan nodded thoughtfully .
We need to get our minds off stupid guys , Nan said , facing me .
We had just reached the student lounge .
We hadnt gone inside yet though ; her eyes were wide with excitement .
I heard theres going to be a frat party tonight !  .
A frat party ? I asked , raising my brows .
Seriously , Nan ? She nodded happily as she opened the door .
I stepped in and she followed after me , looping through mine .
g an arm Everybody is going to be there .
I have tonight off from work , and I really want to get out and have some fun .
So , I was thinking we should go to this party , she told me , a wide grin spreading across her face .
I sighed and shook my head .
Parties were not my thing , especially frat parties .
I would have rather stay in the combat center for a little longer tonight and get some training done .
Oh , come on , Judy ! Nan pleaded .
We never get to do anything .
This is going to be so fun , and you need a night out to forget about Ethan and Gavin .
I sighed , I knew she was right .
It could be a good thing to get out for a little bit and maybe loosen up .
Okay , I finally relented .
We will go to this party .
Its not like I have anything better to do anyways .
She squealed and wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug .
Im so excited ! We will meet here on campus .
Its at the fraternity house .
Wear something hot ! She ordered , pointing her finger at me .
I chuckled and nodded .
Chapter 0200 Yes , mam , I said , giving her a mocking salute .
We spent some time talking and laughing while we studied for upcoming exams .
Afterward , Leroy came to pick me up and take me home .
I spent the rest of the evening getting dressed for this party that I didnt even want to attend .
But when I saw my appearance in the mirror , I grinned .
Third Person POV Nan had nothing good to wear to her first frat party .
She wanted to wear something hot , but most of her clothing was classy and fit for her job .
She didnt wear anything remotely slutty and thats exactly the kind of look she was going for .
She thought about texting Judy and asking her if she wanted to go shopping , but she decided against it .
Judy was having a hard enough time deciding whether or not she even wanted to go and Im sure she needed some peace and quiet before such an event .
So , Nan decided to take her car into the city and do a little shopping herself .
She still had a few hours before the party tonight so there was plenty of time to get something hot for the event and make herself into a gorgeous slut .noveldrama
Welcome back , Nan , the store clerk said as Nan walked through the doors of her favorite boutique .
Hey , Becky , Nan replied .
I need something hot .
Im going to a frat party tonight .
Becky , the store clerk , frowned .
Ew , those are so gross , Becky said , crinkling her nose in disgust .
I dont miss those days .
Becky was a little older ; she was fresh out of college and was training to become a manager at this boutique .
She was never a party animal , but she did go to occasional frat parties during her college years .
Well , this is my first one and I want to make a good impression , Nan said with a shrug .
Becky nodded , understanding all too well where Nan was coming from .
Well , make it quick .
Im closing early tonight , Becky told her .
Nan frowned .
Whats the occasion ? Nan asked .
I dont think its a holiday .
No , its not , Becky said , her grin widening .
I have a date tonight and Im so excited .
I cant believe he actually asked me out .
Hes from Silver Crescent pack , and we met at a bar a few nights ago .
Hes taking me dancing and to dinner .
###Take 200
Chapter 0201 Wow , he sounds like a keeper , Nan chuckled .
Becky nodded .
Hes picking me up here… hes so good looking I might die , Becky chuckled .
And hes a little older as well .
Definitely early 30s .
I guess we both have big nights , Nan laughed .
She went to check out the newest merchandise .
There were a few really cute things , but nothing really said what she wanted to say .
Noticing Nans indecisiveness , Becky decided to help .
She rummaged through some really cute outfits and uncovered the most gorgeous and shortest dress that she could find .
When she presented it to Nan , she gasped .
Oh , my Goddess ! Nan gasped , grabbing the dress .
Its perfect .
I have to try this on .
Becky chuckled .
Ill give it to you discounted too , Becky added as Nan rushed into the changing room .
As Nan changed , she examined the delicate fabrics of the dress and smiled .
It was short and left no mystery of what lay underneath .
It spoke volumes and thats exactly what she wanted .
Nan ran her fingers through her shoulder length blond hair , allowing her light curls to bounce around her pretty features .
Nan was gorgeous , however , she always felt less pretty when it came to Judy though ; there was no other beauty than Judys beauty and Nan admired that about her friend .
But she was also a little envious at the same time ; she wished she had the same good looks as her best friend .
She sighed and twirled around in the dress ; it showed off her cleavage and her stunning long legs .
It was perfect and she was going to buy it .
Just as she grabbed the door handle to the dressing room , she froze .
She sniffed the air and took in the most incredible scent she had ever smelled in her entire life .
It was the scent of warm milk chocolate and maybe a hint of mint .
Both were favorite treats , and they smelled as if they were baking together in the oven .
Her stomach flipped over and suddenly , her wolf was very alive and active .
She wanted to get to the source of that smell .
Nan quickly hurried out of the dressing room and walked around the corner .
Her nose was in the air as she followed the scent .
She heard Becky chuckling at the front counter , and she walked in that direction for two reasons .
One reason was to show her the gorgeous dress , and the second reason was to ask her if she knew where that incredible scent was coming from .
But she froze entirely when she saw the man standing at the counter .
He was the hottest guy she had ever seen in her life and her mouth began to water at the sight of him .
Nan wasnt so sure if she believed in love at first sight , but when he turned , his warm brown eyes met hers , she knew at that moment that she was a goner .
For a second , she was confused .
But her wolf pushed a single thought at the forefront of her brain .
Mate ….
Chapter 0201 The guy stared at her with wide eyes , and he seemed to be at a loss for words too .
At first , he was looking into her eyes , but then , they dipped low , and he was studying her cleavage making her cheeks burn hot .
They lowered , and he studied her legs , his eyes darkening at the sight .
When he lifted his gaze to meet hers once again , she could see the hunger and lust in his eyes .
She knew his wolf was fighting to take control .
Oh , my Goddess ! Becky gasped when she spotted Nan .
She rushed towards Nan with a wide grin .
You look amazing ! Youll look great at the party tonight .
Becky was so lost in her own thoughts as she studied Nans dress that she didnt hear the low growl coming from the guy at the counter .
He didnt like the idea of Nan being seen by others in that dress … or at least his wolf didnt like it .
You have to get that dress , Becky continued as she made a fuss about Nans appearance .
Yeah , Nan said , her eyes glued on the guys .
gr And you dont even have to pay for it right now .noveldrama
Consider it a gift , from me to you , Becky surprised Nan by saying .
But I do have to kick you out now because Im leaving .
Nan finally pulled her eyes away from the man to look at Becky .
Youre leaving now ? She asked .
Becky nodded and stepped back towards the guy at the counter , a big smile on her face .
Yes ! My date is here .
We are leaving now , she told me , as she wrapped an arm around the mans arms / Nan was struck silent as she stared at Becky in the arms of her mate .
Her mate was Beckys date ?!
###Take 201
Chapter 0202 Judys POV I have no idea what Im getting myself into .
This was probably the west idea that I could possibly have .
But I promised Nan that 1 would come with her to this party and that was exactly what I was going to da Thanks for the ride , Leroy , I told him as we got closer to the school .
Its my job , he reminded me .
You dont have to thank me .
I shrugged .
But still , I murmured .
He grinned and glanced at me through the rearview mirror .
Well , if you need me to pick you up early , let me know , wouldnt blame you for wanting to bail sooner than late told me .
I know how these parties are and I I nodded , appreciating him so much for that .
As he parked the car , I thanked him one last time before leaving and walking towards the student lounge where I promised Id meet Nan .
We were planning on walking of the party together .
When I didnt see her , I waited .
I sat on the stairway , not caring if I had dirtied my dress and I continued to wait for her for what felt like an hour .
I glanced at the time with a frown ; I thought she wanted to meet at 8.
It was nearing 9 .
Had she gone to the party without me ? Just as I was about to stand and walk to the frat house by myself , I heard my name being called .
I turned to see Nan rushing towards me .
She was beautiful in her black dress ; it was super short and showed off her legs and cleavage perfectly .
It certainly put my simple dress to shame .noveldrama
Nan had always been beautiful and there was a part of me that was envious of it .
When she got closer , I saw that her eyes were a little red .
Had she been crying ? Are you okay ? I asked her when she finally reached me .
She gave me a smile , but it didnt reach her eyes .
Yeah , she said breathlessly .
Sorry , Im late .
I ran a little behind tonight .
I had to go shopping for this dress and got back a little later than I planned .
I nodded thoughtfully and draped my arm through hers .
I Its no problem , I told her .
Lets get this over with She chuckled .
Thats the spirit , she said with a smile .
1/2 +25 BOHUS Together , we walked to the frat house .
It was loud and there were so many people on the outside and Inside .
It was a nice night , so it didnt surprise me that there were a ton of people hanging out outside as well .
The music was bumping , and it gave me a slight headache almost immediately.
We shimmied our way through the crowd and reached the front door .
Nan kept a hold on my arm the entire time as she said hi to some of the guys she knew They all looked her up and down and I could see their gazes darkening with lust .
I made a mental note to keep an eye on Na tonight.
I didnt trust any of these frat guys , especially not with my friend .
Lets get some beer ! She said .
I crinkled my nose .
I hate beer , I muttered .
Its a frat party , Judy .
They dont have much else , she told me .
I sighed and followed her through the house , and we reached the kitchen .
There were a ton of coolers set out filled with different types of beer .
She grabbed one of the cans and handed me another .
When we cracked it open , she held up the can to me .
To our first frat party ! she cheered .
I couldnt help but laugh and clink my can with hers .
We sipped the beer , and I nearly gagged at the taste .
I truly hated beer , but maybe I could learn to love it .
The music was much louder in the living room ; there were a bunch of people in the center of the room dancing .
Most of them were already drunk .
Some of the girls were grinding against some of the frat boys and they were soaking it up .
###Take 202
hapter 0203 Nan and I laughed at the sight of it and we started to mock dance in return .
It was fun to let loose with my best friend , especially because she was just as silly as I was .
We drank our beer and the more I drank it , the better started to laste .
Maybe this wouldnt be so bad after all .
Nan finished her beer first and she grabbed another one .
She was also lightweight so she was getting tipsy off the one beer , I could only imagine how she would be after her second one .
Beer bong outside ! One of the frat boys announced , it made everyone cheer and rush towards the back patio .
Nan grabbed my arm and pulled me along with her .
We joined the others around the beer bong table and when one of the frat boys asked who wanted to be his partner , I was surprised Nan volunteered .
Nan , youve never played before , I reminded her .
She laughed and shrugged .
So what ? She said lightly .
Theres a first time for everything .
She rushed towards the giant frat boy and high fived him .
He took one look at her and his brows raised ; it was obvious he liked what he saw .
He motioned for her to go first .
She missed the cup on her first try , making everyone , including her laugh .
The guy on the other team got the ball in the cup on the first try and Nan was forced to drink .
She chucked the entire cup of beer in one go and I was shocked by this .
The game continued on .
Nan only got a couple of hits in , but for the most part , she lost pathetically .
The guy on her team didnt seem to mind though ; he was enjoying the show of Nan jumping up and down and showing off her body .
By the end of the game , Nan was wasted , and I knew I was going to have to carry her out of there .
I was a little tipsy too because I was on my second beer , but I wasnt nearly as bad off as Nan .
She could barely walk a straight line , and her words were all sloshed .
The guy on her team put his hand on her lower back and started to guide her away , whispering something in her ear .
I frowned and followed after them , grabbing Nans hand and pulling her towards me .
Hey! The guy complained .
Take a hike , I ordered , pulling Nan along with me .
I couldnt understand what she was saying , but she was murmuring something as I dragged her away from there .
You need to lighten up ! The guy shouted from behind me .
Its a party ! I held up my middle finger , making the others howl with laughter .
We got inside , which wasnt as crowded as it was earlier because most of everybody was outside , watching the second game of beer bong- I guided Nan to a couch and sat her down , sitting down beside her .
She looked completely out of it as she rested her head on my shoulder .
Whats wrong with me ? She murmured , puckering her lips .
I chuckled .
Nothing , Nan .
You are just drunk … I assured her ..
Why am I not good enough ? She asked , sighing .
I raised my brows ; she was very drunk , but I wasnt expecting that .
What are you talking about ? You are plenty good enough .
You are too good , I told her .
She let out a shuddering breath and that was when I felt moisture on my shoulder .
I looked down at her .
Nan , are you crying ? I asked her , my brows furrowed .
I knew something was wrong earlier when I first saw her , but I thought maybe it was just a fluke .
Nan wasnt much of a crier … so this was alarming .
I hate myself … she whispered hoarsely .noveldrama
Nan whats going on ? I asked her .
Whats wrong ? He doesnt want me … she murmured .
Who ? The frat guy ? Trust me , he wanted you … No , not him , Nan said , lifting her head up and looking at me .
That guy in the boutique … he didnt want me .
He left with her even after finding me … I dont even know his name …
###Take 203
Chapter 0204 Who are you talking about ? I asked .
1 thought maybe she was just talking out of her drunken state , but when I looked into her eyes , I saw that they were serious and oddly focused .
Nan ? I asked her .
met my mate … was the last thing she said before she doubled over and puked all over my shoes .
I groaned as 1 stood to my feet quickly , that was the last thing I expected her to say .
But it was overshadowed by the fact that she just threw up on me and all over the ground at the frat house .
I needed to take care of her before asking any questions I helped her to her feet before she puked again and guided her to the bathroom .
It was a struggle though because she was wiggling around and crying at the same time .
Not to mention she was still kind of throwing up .
I was desperately trying to avoid the puke streams .
Another strong pair of arms wrapped around Nans body , lifting her up .noveldrama
I looked to see one of the frat boys standing beside me .
I saw what happened .
Ill help you get her to the bathroom , he told me .
I smiled gratefully at him and nodded .
Thanks , I murmured .
True to his words , he carried her into the bathroom .
He stayed outside while I helped Nan inside .
When it was clear that she wasnt going to throw up anymore , I left the bathroom and pulled out my phone to call Leroy and have him pick us up .
Nan was resting on the bathroom ground , trying to recover .
Leroy assured me that he would be there as soon as he could , but traffic was pretty bad for some reason .
Thanks for your help , I told the guy .
He nodded and gave me a dimpled smile .
Its no problem .
I had been watching you for most of the night .
You are very beautiful , he told me .
I blushed at the compliment .
thats kind of you to say , I told him .
But you should know Im not really looking for- It was just a compliment , he said , holding up his hand in defense .
You dont have to worry about me .
Im not like those other guys .
But youre a frat boy ? I asked him .
I am , he said , shrugging .
But Im different .
I laughed and shook my head at him .
Im sure you are , I said .
I think Ive seen you around campus before .
Youre Kyle , right ? He nodded .
Should I be flattered that you know my name ? he asked .
Well , no , I admitted .
Youre in my defense class .
Chapter 0204 Oh ! Thats why you looked familiar , he laughed , Youre Judy Montague .
I nodded .
The one and only , I told him .
You are really good at defense, he told me .
You should see me in combat , I replied .
Being a gamma is my goal .
Well , youll be a kickass gamma for sure , he told me , nudging my shoulder .
I didnt expect you to show up to a frat party .
I shrugged and leaned against the wall .
Nan wanted to come , so I agreed to go with her , I admitted .
Shes my best friend .
I see , he said thoughtfully .
Well , Im glad I got to meet you officially .
I smiled ; it was nice to get attention .
I needed it after last night , though I wasnt entirely interested in this guy .
It was still nice .
Can I get you something to drink ? He asked , pointing to the kitchen .
I think Ive drunk enough , I admitted .
How about some water then ? I thought about it for a moment ; he looked harmless enough , so I nodded .
Sure , water would be nice .
He grinned .
Perfect .
###Take 204
I was expecting a water bottle or something , but he didnt seem to be fazed by it and he handed it to me with a grin .
I glanced in the cup but sure enough , I saw clear liquid .
It didnt smell like anything either , so I relaxed a little and smiled gratefully at him .
Thank you , I told him as I brought the cup to my li The taste was a little off … I crinkled my nose and stared back at the cup before looking up at him .
Its non filtered , he explained .
We dont have any filtered water right now .
We just ran out .
I nodded ; that did make sense .
I took another sip ; though , it tasted strange , it felt good in comparison to the beer .
As I drank a bit more , I looked up at him and he saw that he was watching me with a curious expression on his face .
So , are you seeing anybody ? he asked .
I was surprised by the question , but I tried not to show it on my face .
This was a strange way to pick upa woman ; standing outside of the bathroom while her best friend puked up her guts .
No , I told him , though I wasnt sure if that was entirely true .noveldrama
As of right now , it didnt feel like I was seeing anyone .
But would Gavin agree with me ? But Im not exactly looking for anyone to see either .
He nodded .
I get that , he told me .
I hadnt really dated for a long time .
Despite living in a frat house .
Sure , I have women throwing themselves at me , but none of them really kept my interest .
Not like you at least .
I smiled as I took another sip of the water .
Youre a smooth talker , I teased .
Thats can be dangerous .
Why is that dangerous ? 11 Because Im sure you can get what you want with just your words , I told him .
As I spoke , I realized my cheeks were getting warm and my voice was starting to sound a bit far away to my ears .
I shook off the feeling , thinking was probably a bit tired and lightheaded from the beer I drank earlier .
Maybe I can , he said , stepping closer to me .
And is that a problem ? I shook my head and then got super dizzy from the motion .
1 had to hold onto the wall to support myself .
Woah … I said , letting out an embarrassed chuckle.
Im not sure what just happened .
Is it hot in here ? I could feel beads of sweat forming on my forehead and my breathing was getting heavier .
Why was I getting so hot all of a sudden ? Maybe a little , Kyle said with a frown .
Maybe you should drink some more water .
I nodded and took another long and deep sip .
Soon , the cup was empty .
He took the cup from me and threw it in the nearest trash .
My cheeks were burning and I found myself hugging the wall , fearing that I would fall over .
Feel any better ? He asked , returning to me .
Um … I dont know … I said , my words coming out way more slurred than I meant them to come out .
I dont know whats happening to me .
I thought I spoke those last words out loud , but I realized I hadnt .
But I heard them out loud … at least I thought I did .
It didnt feel like it was me speaking anymore .
Was I even breathing ? I looked up at Kyle who was now very close to me .
He wrapped his arms around my body , holding me close to him so I wouldnt fall over .
That was very kind of him … but I still wasnt sure what was happening to me .
Hey , youre okay , he said softly , his voice sounding distant .
His image was becoming distorted .
I opened my mouth to speak , but no words came out .
My lips were completely numb , and I couldnt remember how to speak .
He lowered his head , and I felt his warm breath on the hape of my neck .
How about we go upstairs ? You can lie down and rest ? He suggested .
I wanted to shake my head and tell him that I wanted to go home .
But I couldnt move my head .
My entire body was starting to become paralyzed .
My wolf was itching to come out ; she was in agony as heat coursed through her .
It was strange because I could feel her heat , it was painful and it made my entire body burn , but I also felt so out of it that I couldnt move .
What was going on with me ? Before I knew what was happening , he was lifting me into his arms and cradling me bridal style .
Lets go to my room , he murmured against me , peppering small kisses along the nape of my neck .
###Take 205
Chapter 0206 Something wasnt right … and I had a feeling It was because of Kyle , # Gavins POV After Matt went to bed , I decided to go to the mansion and check on Judy .
I didnt like how we left things last night and there was a part of me that felt guilty over the ordeal .
I knew I hurt her feelings , and I wanted to explain myself a little more so she could understand my side of things .
But when I got there , Judy wasnt there .
Where is she ? I asked Harper who was standing before me .
She went to some party at her school , Harper explained with a shrug .
I believe she said it was a frat party .
A low growl escaped my throat ; she went to a frat party by herself ? Does she have any idea how dangerous that was ? What was worse was the fact that Leroy was here .
He was waiting for her to call him for a ride home .
You should have stayed with her , I said through my teeth .
Sorry , Alpha , Leroy said , bowing his head .
She insisted that I leave for right now .
Before I could reprimand him even more , Leroys phone rang .
He glanced at the screen and answered it with a frowIL .noveldrama
Hello ? He said .
He paused as he listened to the voice at the other end .
His eyes narrowed and he nodded , despite them not being able to see him .
Yeah , Ill be there as soon as I can .
He hung up the phone and turned to look at me .
Who was that ? I asked impatiently .
Judy < he answered , gaining my attention .
I guess Nan is wasted and they both want to get picked up .
Ill take Nan home and then bring Judy here right away .
He started to leave but I followed after him .
Im coming too , I told him .
He nodded and together we started to drive towards the school .
We hit traffic and I groaned as we were only moving an inch every couple of minutes .
The ambulance and police officers that zoomed past us indicated that there was an accident .
I wasnt surmised considering we were in the middle of the city .
Leroy took out his phone to text Judy that there was traffic and hed be there as soon as he could .
She sent back a thumbs up emoji .
As time went on , there was a strange feeling in the pit of my stomach .
I started to feel like something wasnt right .
We were only around the corner from the school and yet both Chapter 0206 time and traffic were standing still .
Is there a way around It ? I asked , trying to get a look around the traffic .
Afraid not , he murmured .
Humans cant drive .
I let out a low growl ; annoyed .
I need to get to that party , I said impatiently .
Without a single word , I threw the door open and stepped out of the car .
Alpha ? Leroy called after me , but I didnt give him the time to say anything more .
I was running through the traffic as fast as I could .
I didnt shift into my wolf because there were too many humans around , but I could run faster than anyone both human and wolf .
It didnt take me long to reach the school and the second I was on campus ; I could pick up Judys scent .
I pulled my wolf forward to follow that scent ; I wasnt fully shirted , but enough to get me to Judy without causing a scene around the campus .
The party was loud and obvious , I didnt expect anything less , it was a frat party after all .
Most were too drunk to even notice me , but if they were too drunk , they would have known that I was Gavin Landry … or at least a Lycan .
I knew this was a school of werewolves so my aura would be obvious to them .
I burst through the front doors and shoved my way through the drunk college students .
My wolf took me down a long hallway and from the tell of it , it seemed Judy was near the bathroom .
My stomach tightened with each step we took .
I heard some muffled noise around the corner .
It sounded like Judys voice … but it was mixed with the voice of a man .
My blood went cold at the sound , and I felt a rage like no other .
When I walked around the corner , I froze for only a moment when I saw this frat boy picking Judy up and holding her against his chest bridal style .
Judy was swaying in his arms , her body limp and her eyes half closed .
It was clear she was intoxicated … or maybe worse … could she have been drugged ? w was brushing his lips against the nape of her neck , whispering something to her and that The frat was when I was snapped back to reality .
I released the biggest growl of my life .
###Take 206
Chapter 0207 Gavins POV At the sound of my growling , the guy holding Judy turned who I was .
I Let her go , I said in a low and deadly growl .
face me , his eyes large when he realized With shaky hands , he placed Judy on the ground , and watched as her head bobbed to the side ; she was barely able to hold herself upright .
What did this fucker give to her ? I knew right away that it wasnt just alcohol .
She was drugged .
The second he released Judy and turned to face me ; he wasnt on his feet for long .
When my fist connected with his face , he fell to the ground .
I heard the crunch during the impact and knew I had broken his nose .
The door of the bathroom opened , and Nan stumbled out ; she froze when she saw what was happening , and when her eyes met mine , they widened .
A … Alpha ? She asked , blinking and squinting like she couldnt fully see me .
I could tell from her sway and dilated eyes that she was intoxicated .
Her eyes shifted to the man on the ground and then over to Judy and she gasped .
Judy ?! She fell to the ground beside Judy and tried to get Judy to look at her , tears spilling out of her eyes as she stressed over her friend .
I turned to the guy and let my wolf spring forward slightly , so he knew I was not playing with him .
If I ever see you around her again , itll be the last thing you do , I growled .
The man covered his bleeding nose , his entire body shaking out of fear .
I needed to get Judy out of here .
I couldnt pay this man any more attention .
I turned to Judy who was breathing heavily on the ground , her cheeks were flushed red , and her eyes were closed tightly .
I bent down and scooped her into my arms .
Her head rested against my chest , and I could feel her trembling beneath my touch .
She was hot to the touch ; whatever he gave her , I knew it was forcing her into heat .
I let out another low and deadly growl , making those around us shudder and step away from me .
Even Nan took a large step away from me and in her drunken stooper .
Follow me , I ordered Nan who knew better than to argue with me right now .noveldrama
She nodded quickly and hurried after me as I made my way through the now very quiet house and outside .
I breathed in the fresh air , glad to be out of that stuffy house .
Leroy was already there by the time we got outside and as soon as he saw us approaching , he quickly got out of the car and ran around the back of it so he could open the back door .
Is she okay ? Leroy asked , seemingly nervous .
Take Nan to her house first and then take Judy back to the mansion , I ordered .
Yes , Alpha , Leroy said as he helped Nan into the car .
I helped Judy into the car as well and buckled her 1/2 Chapter 0207 seatbelt .
I slid in beside her , not willing to let her out of my sight for even a second .
The drive felt like it took forever.
We were stuck in traffic again for a little while and once Nan was dropped off , it felt like it took even longer to get back to the mansion .
Judy was starting to pant and whimper from beside me .
She nuzzled her face in the rape of my neck , taking in my scent and breathing deeply , releasing her shuddering breaths .
I kept my arms around her , trying to keep her steady , but it seemed to make her body grow warmer with each passing moment .
Gavin … she whispered as she ran her fingers up my torso .
Her eyes were still closed , and her voice came out raspy .
This was the first time shes spoken since I took her from the party .
Her pink lips were swollen and parted slightly , and they looked ready for me to kiss them .
It took everything I had to resist having my way with her at that moment , but I couldnt because she wasnt in her right frame of mind .
Help me … She whispered as she brushed her lips against my narrow chin , sliding them across my cheek and towards my lips .
I just wanted a small taste of her … when her lips touched mine , I let my tongue slip out and enter her mouth .
She let out a breathy moan as I took a little taste of what I wanted .
I sucked her tongue into mine and she took that as an opportunity and pressed her body firmly against mine and hair .
wrapped her arms around my neck , running her fingers through my
###Take 207
Chapter 0208 I wrapped my arms around her waist , lifting her onto my lap as she let out a breathy moan .
She ground her hips against mine , trying desperately to get that release .
I kriew if we took it further than this , it would end in regret on both our ends .
I couldnt take advantage of her when she was clearly drugged .
Judy … I breathed against her lips .
She let out a distressed whimper as she attempted to kiss me again , but I held her back , preventing her from getting close We cant do this … Her eyes opened slightly , and I could see just how hazy they were ; she wasnt herself and that was evidence enough for me to dump cold water on whatever was happening right now .
J But I need you … she whispered hoarsely .
Please , Gavin … We cant , I told her .
I wont take advantage of you .
You were drugged .
It hurts , she whimpered as she tried to grind hersell on me once again , but I held her back , trying to sit her back down beside me and refasten her seatbelt No … She nearly cried .
I sighed and relented only slightly ; I kept her on my lap with my arms wrapped around her body so she could at least feel my touch .
I traced small circles around her spine , making her shudder in pleasure from my touch .
She traced her lips across the crook of my neck and sucked the soft flesh between her teeth and into her mouth .
I closed my eyes , feeling her lips against my skin and basking in her overpowering aroma .
Judy , stop , I told her softly .
We cant do this .
Not here … not like this .
But I want this … she murmured against me .
Youve been drugged , I told her again .
You dont know what you want … Yes , I do , she told me without hesitation .
? Before I could say anything more , we approached the mansion , and I let out a breath of relief .
I didnt bother waiting for Leroy to open the car door for us , I quickly pushed the door open and got Judy out of the car .noveldrama
Without a word to Leroy , I carried her into the mansion .
She was still breathing heavily and panting as I brought her up the stairs , glad that none of the palace workers were around to witness the scene unfolding before them ..
The moment we reached the bedroom , and I placed Judy on the bed , taking a long step away from her so I could gain a bit of distance , she started to strip off her clothes .
I watched her as my eyes grew dark and my wolf nearly surfaced from the lust that consumed him .
He didnt understand why I wasnt having my way with Judy when she was clearly offering .
He didnt understand that this was wrong and if I were to take advantage of her , she would never forgive me .
Im not sure Id be able to forgive myself honestly .
She unhooked her bra and let it fall to the ground next to the dress that was also on the ground .
Her panties were the only thing that remained , and they were soaked from her desires .
It was making my mouth water and my wolf practically feral with need .
Her breasts looked swollen , and they were pink from her heat ; her nipples were erect and begging for my mouth .
She squeezed her breasts into her hands and let out a soft moan as she stared up at me , begging for me to touch her .
7/2 : Chapter 0208 We cant do this , I told her , my voice coming out unfamiliar and strained .
But I need you … she whispered as she slowly got off the bed and made her way towards me , her hips swaying as she neared me .
I need you to touch me .
She closed the distance between us , wrapping her arms around my neck and pressing her body against hers .
My lips covered hers in a chaste kiss ; I was desperately trying to restrain myself , but it was a losing battle .
Please … she whispered as she went in for another kiss .
Touch me … My resolve started to crack , and I knew I wouldnt be able to contain myself any longer .
With a low growl , I caved , telling myself that I was only doing this to help her , but I knew that was a lie .
I was doing this because I couldnt resist her … because this girl clawed her way into my life , and it was impossible for me to think about anything else .
Because Fneeded her just as badly as she needed me .
###Take 208
Chapter 0209 Gavins POV I sucked Judys nipple into my mouth , twirling around with my teeth and making it harder than it already was .
She let out a breathy moan as I continued to tease and play with her breasts .
Her scent only got stronger as more desires consumed her and made her heart that much stronger .
She breathed out my name as my body rubbed against hers ; I didnt bother taking off my clothes because this wasnt about me … this was about her .
I wanted to help her overcome this heat ; whatever drug was given to her was so strong that it looked like it was getting worse unless something was done about this .
I was relieved that I got to the party when I did because who knows what she would allow that man to do to her .
A low growl escaped my throat at the very thought of Judy climbing into bed with another man … her begging him to satisfy her in the same way that she was begging me .
I clenched my fists and fought to keep control of my wolf as the overwhelming realization swarmed through my thoughts .
Her breath moaned and her body grinding against mine brought me back to the reality of the situation .
I stared down at her panting body ; she wiggled beneath me , needing me to provide her with that relief.
I ran my fingers down her body as I captured her lips with mine , sucking her mouth into mine and making it nice and swollen with my kisses .
She attempted to deepen the kiss with her own tongue , but I pulled back slightly , a smirk playing on my lips .
She looked frustrated and let out a distressed whimper .
I didnt keep her waiting for long though , I ran my lips down the nape of her neck , taking in her scent and sucking her sweet spot into my mouth .
I ran my tongue down her shoulder and across her chest until I reached her breasts once again .
I spent some time teasing and playing with them with my mouth .
She ran her fingers through my hair and tugged on it gently as I made my way down her smooth torso , kissing every corner that I could reach until I got between her legs .
Her panties were still on her and they were soaked .
My mouth watered at the sight of them , and it smelled incredible .
My cock twitched in my pants ; more than anything , I wanted to be buried deep inside of her .
But I had to remind myself that this wasnt about me … I had to make sure Judy was taken care of before my own needs were met .
I kissed between her thighs , her heart making me sweat .
I grabbed at the edges of her panties and pulled them down her long and slender legs , revealing her most sensitive areas .
She was so beautiful .
I got her panties off and threw them to the ground , spreading her legs wide so I could take in all of her .
Her center was pink and dripping with her desires ; I was practically feral .
I kissed the inside of her thighs again , lapping up the juices that spilled from her before I lightly kissed her clit .
She let out a whimper and I heard my name leaving her lips in a breathy moan .
I smirked , loving the sound of my name on her lips .
When I pulled back slightly and took her in , she wiggled her hips , begging for my touch without using words .
She didnt have to tell me twice ; she gasped when I sucked her little nub into my mouth .
It was nice and swollen as I teased it between my teeth and sucked on it like it was the tastiest piece of candy I had ever put into my mouth .
I flattered my tongue on her center and made sure to taste every inch of her as I continued to suck on her clit and give it small bites , making her body spasm with pleasure .
Chapter 0209 I stuck one of my fingers into her center and pumped in and out , drawing out every single juice building up inside of her .
I need more … she begged as she continued to grind herself against my face .
I smirked without taking my lips away from her center and I stuck another finger Inside of her .
I pumped even faster as I sucked her clit even harder , making her scream my name louder and louder .noveldrama
Gavin , yes ! She gasped .
I stuck another finger into her , stroking that button deep inside of her that made her squirm and pant even more .
I could feel her close to the surface ; her legs were shuddering , and her panting was getting even heavier as she dug her nails into the bedsheets .
I stuck another finger inside of her and stroked her G spot as I tasted everything she had to offer .
She tastes so sweet and my cock was itching to be buried deep inside of her .
I wanted to have my way with her and make her mine in every possible way .
###Take 209
Just like that … she pleaded .
Dont stop .
I wasnt planning on it .
I bit her clit gently and that was enough for her undoing , she gasped and then she fell over the edge ; her entire body was wracked with trembles as she orgasmed .
I continued to suck and tease her until she was completely limp on the bed .
Once she was settled , I kissed her clit gently before pulling my fingers out of her and kissing along the scams of her body until I reached her lips again .
I gave her a gentle kiss and saw that she was fast asleep .
I knew it was because of the drugs .
Her swollen lips were parted slightly , and her breathing had leveled .
Her cheeks were slightly pink , and she looked so peaceful at this moment … she even looked beautiful .
My heart stilled for a moment and then I quickly climbed off her , my cock hard and waiting in my pants .
I knew if I didnt take care of this now it would be a long night .
I gave Judy one last kiss on her cheek before I retreated to the bathroom .
I turned on the shower and looked at myself in the mirror .
I
###Take 210
was sweating and my cheeks were slightly flushed as well .
What was wrong with me ? This wasnt how I normally acted .
I shook the thought of my head and stripped off my clothing before stepping into the shower .
I leaned my head against the shower wall and grabbed a hold of my erect manhood .
It was so hard that it almost hurt .
I closed my eyes and imagined Judys beautiful face ; I imagined her getting on her knees and wrapping her pretty swollen lips around my cock .
I imagined what her tongue would feel like sliding up at the shaft and tasting the beads of cum forming at the tip .
I imagined what it would feel like to hit the back of her throat and hear her gagging noises as she took me in … all of me .
I stroked up and down , quickening my pace as the sounds of her breathy moans filled my ears .
I thought about digging my fingers into her hair and holding her in place as I fucked her pretty little mouth .
I would order her to look at me so I could see what she looked like as I had my way with her face .noveldrama
My cock was so deep in her throat that she could only Breathe out of her nose , her body at my mercy .
She would think she had the upper hand and that she was in control , but in reality , I was the one in control .
I was the one taking what I needed from her .
Moving my hands even harder , my cock started to twitch and swell as my orgasm built up .
I pressed my free hand against the shower wall to steady myself and I breathed heavily as I thought about her soft tongue and what it felt like against my flesh .
Her knees would get sore , but she wouldnt give up ; I would grip her head even tighter and thrust even deeper inside of her as drool dribbled down her chin and tears welled in her pretty doe eyes .
I wanted her throat to be sore when we were done so that she breathed or spoke , she would feel me inside of her marking and tainting her .
every time I thought about my cum running down her throat and her drinking every last drop of if without even batting an eyelash .
Once we were done and I pulled out of her mouth , I would kiss her lips and taste myself on her tongue .
I would suck her mouth into mine and lift her off the ground .
I press her against the shower wall and plunge my cock so deep inside the other core that she would scream my name until her voice was hoarse .
The feeling of her walls closing in around my cock and sucking me into her body .
Chapter 0210 was enough for my own undoing .
Just the thought of it put me over the edge and I found myself exploding onto the shower floor , wishing more than anything that it was her mouth .
I let out a grunt as I watched my seed rinse down the drain .
I took a few minutes to finish washing myself and catching my breath .
Once I was done , I turned off the shower and wrapped a towel around my waist before stepping in front of the mirror again .
I barely recognized myself anymore .
I was different … was hooked and I wasnt sure if I could get unhooked .
I knew one thing for sure though , at least for tonight , I needed to get the fuck out of here .
###Take 211
Now that Judy was back in the villa and tutoring Matt , hes been able to keep a close eye on her .
He still had every reason to make her his mistress despite planning to marry Irene , but he needed to play things carefully going forward so Irene wouldnt suspect anything .
So , hes been watching her from afar and trying to keep her at a distance .
However , Irene has been acting strangely and Ethan couldnt figure out why .
She seemed jumpler like at any moment someone was going to come out from the corner and get her .
Whatever that meant .
She had been avoiding Matt more than usual and she also had been avoiding Judy like the plague .
Ethan understood why she had been avoiding Judy ; ever since she found out that Judy was his actual fated mate , she had been skeptical of his relationship with her , despite him dodging a bullet and blaming the entire thing on Judy .
He told her that Judy was still after him and was only in the villa , working as Matts tutor , so she could get close to him .
It was a complete lie , but if Irene knew the truth , she would leave him , no doubt .
Since Irene found out that Ethan and Judy were fated mates , she hadnt been wanting to touch him .
At least not intimately , they havent had sex yet because he wanted to wait until after marriage , but they had kissed many times before .
Theyve even had some heated make out sessions ; its been almost a week since finding out Ethans secret and now Irene wont touch him .
He knew she was still upset about being lied to , despite the fact that he convinced her it was mainly Judys fault .
The villa had been busy lately with the film crew crowding around and filming that movie .
Irene had been hanging around the villa trying to get on Skylas good side and Ethan had been trying his best to support his fiancé .
He knew that she was trying to set her father up with Skyla for whatever reason , but he wasnt exactly sure why .
Sure , Skyla was gorgeous , and it would be kind of cool to have her as a stepmother , but Irene seemed almost obsessed with the idea .
Ethan had also noticed that Irenes father hadnt been around the villa as much and he wondered if it had to do with the fact that Skyla was all over him .
Where has your father been ? Ethan asked Irene during their meal .
He wanted to take Irene out to the dinner to show her that he did in fact love her , even if he truly didnt .
She glanced up at him with a small frown on her lips .
What do you mean ? He hasnt really spent a lot of time at the villa .
Only a little bit when the film crew needs him , he pointed out .
Do you know where hes been spending his time ? She shook her head and then shrugged .
Probably his office , she replied .noveldrama
Hes a very busy man being a Lycan chairman and all .
Ethan nodded , except he went by Gavins office earlier this evening in hopes of speaking to him about business in the Redmoon pack and his secretary said he hasnt been in the office for the last couple of days due to the film crew .
So , if he wasnt in his office and he wasnt in the villa , then where had he gone ? 12 Chapter 0211 Are you sure theres nowhere else he would have gone ? Ethan asked , eyeing Irene carefully .
She thought about it for a moment and then realization dawned on him .
Oh , he said he had some business in the north , she replied simply .
We have another mansion there .
Its never used but my father will stay there when he has business in that area .
Ethan nodded thoughtfully ; he made a mental note to look into that mansion later .
Maybe he could stop by and find Gavin there himself .
He knew it was probably a bad idea to intrude on Alpha Gavins home , but he was curious as to what this business was and if Ethan could do anything to help him .
His ultimate plan was to suck up to him after all .
After dinner , Ethan dropped Irene off at home and told her that he would see her tomorrow .
She nodded and kissed his cheek .
Thank you for dinner , she said thoughtfully .
There was a bit of sadness and worry in her eyes that Ethan picked up on right away .
He wrapped her in his arms and kissed her deeply .
She melted into the kiss and her body seemed to have relaxed slightly just before he pulled away .
###Take 212
Chapter 0212 I love you , Irene , he told her softly .
Remember that .
She looked hesitant for a moment , but she nodded and gave him a faint smile .
He kissed her one last time before she left the car and went inside the villa .
After she was gone , Ethan drove off in the direction of the Northern section of the pack .
He drove for a long while until he finally found a large mansion type building with Gavins car in the driveway .
Ethan was just about to get out of the car but then he saw Gavin hurrying out of the front door , his hair disheveled and his clothes wrinkled .
He was working on adjusting his shirt as he reached his car and quickly disappeared through the door .
Etan froze entirely as he watched Gavins car drive off quickly .
He was in such a hurry that he didnt even notice Ethans car sitting out front .noveldrama
Ethans brows furrowed as he looked up at the building that Gavin had just left .
There was only one light on in the entire building and it was the second floor , facing the rest of the pack .
He saw a shadow along the window and then he saw something that made his breath hitch in his throat .
Was that Judy ? Was she staring out the window and in the direction that Gavin left ? She looked disheveled and there was a bit of sadness in her eyes .
But then she turned away .
Moments later the light was turning off and the shadow of Judy was gone .
Ethan stared up at the window dumbfounded .
What the fuck was Judy doing here ? And why was Gavin leaving her in the middle of the night ? He grabbed his phone and dialed his sisters number , knowing that she would have all the answers for him .
The last he heard about Judys living arrangement was that she was now living with her best friend Nan .
But maybe that wasnt entirely the truth .
Hello , Big Brother , Kelsey said on the other end of the phone .
What can I do for you ? Mom t told me that Judy went to live with her best friend , Nan , Ethan said without hesitation .
Did she tell me the truth ? There was a slight hesitation on the other end for a moment .
Well , I dont think any of us really knows where she went , Kelsey admitted .
It all happened so fast , and it was really strange .
What are you talking about ? Ethan asked through his teeth , feeling more aggravated than ever .
Did she or didnt she move in with Nan ? I … I dont know , Kelsey blurted .
She was packing and then one of Alpha Landrys men along with his warriors came to get her … What  Ethan growled as he stared back at the house and then up at the window .
Are you saying she could be living with Gavin Landry ? Im not saying that at all ! Kelsey exclaimed .
Why would a nobody like her be living with Gavin Chapter 02 Landry ? Im just saying his men escorted her out and look her somewhere .
Im assuming shes with her friend .
Calling Nan and getting any type of information out of her was out of the question , but Ethan somehow saw Judy in the window of this mansion .
If what Kelsey was saying was true , that meant there was a possibility that Judy was in fact living with Gavin .
If Gavin left looking disheveled and putting his shirt together , could they be involved with one another ? His hand tightened around the phone until his knuckles started to grow white .
Ethan was furious and keeping his wolf under control was starting to become tiring .
I dont know any more information than that , Kelsye went on to say .
She didnt need to provide him with any more information ; she gave him enough .
Without a single word further to his sister , he hung up the phone and slammed it onto his passenger seat .
He needed to somehow get Judy out of this mansion before he lost her for good .
He didnt want to involve Irene in this because he almost lost her when concerned Judy in the past … but he might not have a choice .
If Irene knew that Judy was living in this mansion and was acting like her fathers dirty little whore , she would make sure that Judy never stepped foot in this mansion again .
A grin spread across Ethans face .
He knew exactly what he needed to do ..
###Take 213
I couldnt believe I allowed myself to get drugged last night and then threw myself at Gavin .
I hated that I could remember most of what happened last night .
It was no wonder he left in the middle of the night .
He could barely stand to look at me .
I was surprised when I saw the Tylertol and water on the bedside table though .
I knew Gavin had left that stuff and I found it incredibly sweet that he cared enough about me to do that .
But still , if let mortified that I let myself get drugged in the first place .
I wanted to scream and cry but I refrained from doing so .
I was stronger than that and I needed to get a hold of myself .
I grabbed my phone off the nightstand after I was done taking the medicine and I glanced at the screen , sighing when I saw Nans name lash across the screen from a new text message .
I swiped the screen on and opened the message .
Nan : I barely remember last night .
Did you get home okay ? I pressed the reply and typed my own message .
Me : Yes .
Gavin took us both home .
How are you feeling ? Nan : Like shit .
But Im glad youre okay .
Did I do anything stupid last night Me : Not at all .
Just get some rest today and we can talk later .
I put my phone back on the nightstand and sighed ; it was better if she didnt know how she threw up all over the place .
She also mentioned to me about finding her mate .
I didnt want to worry her too much about the things she told me , so I chose not to tell her right now .
But that didnt mean I wasnt going to grill her later .
I needed to know every detail about this supposed mate of hers .
From the sounds of it , he went on a date with another woman last night and it drove Nan to drink way more than she would have normally drunk .
I couldnt blame her for it ; Im sure it wasnt easy .
A mates betrayal was heart wrenching .
I quickly threw on some clothes and made my way downstairs .
I was starving after last night and I was eager to see what kind of food Chester made this morning .
When I entered the kitchen , I saw him slaving over the stove .
Harper was also in the kitchen , and she looked like she was talking to him , but he was barely paying attention to what she was saying .
She was looking upset over the ordeal and folded her arms across her chest .
Im not sure why you are acting like that , she hissed Because you were the one who said we needed to keep our felationship professional , so thats what Im doing , he told her sounding way harsher than I ever thought Chester was capable of sounding .
Everything okay ? I asked as I entered the kitchen and sat at the counter beside Harper .
Chester is acting like a jerk , she murmured , narrowing her eyes at him .
Im not sure what I didnt deserve that treatment … Chester spun around his spatula in hand .
Chapter 0213 You wanted to keep this professional , Harper .
How am I the bad guy here ? He asked her .
Professional while we were working ? We werent working this morning when I was trying to talk to you , she replied .
Okay then start talking .
Whats so important ? He asked , raising his brows .
Her cheeks turned pink , and she glanced at me briefly before looking at him .noveldrama
I Its kind of a private thing and I dont really want to discuss this right where while we are working , Harper said , biting her lower lip .
Then maybe you should stop asking about it , he murmured , turning away from her .
Chester , you are acting strange .
Everything okay ? I decided to ask .
Yeah , sorry .
Just didnt sleep too well , he muttered .
Thats a lie , Harper said , folding her arms across her chest .
I went to the room last night and you werent there .
Why did you go to my room ? Chester asked , his frown deepening .
Her cheeks reddened again .
Because I wanted to talk to you last night , but I couldnt find you … she muttered .
Chester turned his back on her and continued to cook the food .
After a moment , Harper excused herself and quickly hurried out of the kitchen .
I wanted to go after her to see if she was okay , but I chose to stay and make sure Chester was okay instead .
It was nice focusing on other dramas instead of my own for once .
Chester was in the middle of making veggie omelets and my mouth was watering at the sight of them .
He was so focused on his cooking that he barely noticed I was staring at him the entire time .
That is until he finished and then turned to put the omelet on my empty plate .
He froze when he noticed my eyes following him .
Everything okay ? He asked me , raising his brows .
I could be asking you the same thing , I said .
Whats up with you and Harper ? He shrugged .
We slept together a couple of times to scratch each others itch and now shes acting all clingy , he muttered .
One minute she doesnt want anything from me and the next she wont leave me alone .
Its confusing and Im sick of being there only at her convenience , know what I mean ? I nodded as I picked up my fork .
I think she likes you but is afraid to admit it , I told him .
###Take 214
Chapter 0214 He raised his brows at me .
I think she likes toying with me .
you think ? m just sick of it .
Even I deserve a little more respect than that ; dont Well , yes , of course , I agreed .
But maybe she doesnt want to toy with you anymore .
Perhaps thats what shes been wanting to tell you since last night .
He gave me a pointed look .
I dont think it really matters .
We dont have a future This was only meant to be fun , he told me.
Theres nothing more to it .
I dont think thats true , I said giving him a knowing look You wouldnt be so upset if you didnt care for her at least a little .
I smiled as I took a bite of the delicious omelet , moaning in satisfaction .
I like sex , he admitted .
She knew what this was from the beginning .
I sleep around often and Im not really to commit myself to just one girl .
Shes not the only one I slept with this week .
I crinkled my nose up at him .
Gross , Chester , I told him .
He laughed and picked an olive off my plate , throwing it in the air and catching it with his mouth effortlessly .
Well , when you decide to actually be serious about a relationship , you should keep Harper in mind , I told him .
He smirked at me as he poured me a cup of coffee .
Ill think about it .
I smiled , pleased with my own meddling .
After breakfast , I also went to seek out Harper to make sure she was okay as well .
She was pretty much the same as Chester .
Confused and upset .
As I thought , she was totally into him and wanted more than just sex .
She had been thinking about it all night and she was seeking him out last night to tell him just that .
But then she couldnt find him , so she had to wait until this morning , and he blew her off completely .
She was really heartbroken over the ordeal and when I found her , she was crying .
We had a quick heart- to heart before she went off to do her duties .
I pretty much spent the rest of the weekend as a hermit .
I wasnt surprised that Gavin hadnt come back to see me at all during the weekend .
After I pretty much jumped his bones , I wasnt really expecting him to .
On Monday , I went to school and caught up with Nan in the student lounge while we studied for upcoming exams .
I wanted to ask her about her mate and what she knew about him , but telling from her Chapter 0214 body language and how she avoided the topic , I knew she didnt want to talk about it .
She probably didnt even know that she already told me about it .
I didnt want to embarrass her , so I chose to not say anything until she said something .
Unfortunately , she didnt .
At the end of the day , Leroy picked me up and brought me to the mansion .
I was surprised when we got there , and Gavin was standing outside .
Was he waiting for me ? Hey … I said as I stepped out of the car and walked towards him .
He looked so boyish and cute standing on the front porch , waiting for me like a lost puppy .
Hey , he replied .
What are you doing here ? I asked him ; not wanting to sound upset , but I knew he could tell in my voice that I was a little upset .
Its been 2 days , and I havent heard from him .
Not that I blamed him or anything , but still .
I brought Matt , he told me , pointing to inside his house .
Hes waiting for you inside .
I nodded , hating the jab of disappointment I felt in my chest .
Oh , right , I said softly .
I forgot that Matt was doing his training here until the filming was finished at the villa .
Thanks .
I started to walk past him , but he grabbed my hand , stopping me in place .
About the other night , he said quickly , making my heart still in my chest .
I looked up at him and saw .
that his eyes were pouring into mine , making my cheeks heat up .
Im sorry .
I frowned at him .
Why are you sorry ? I asked him , confused .
I shouldnt have left like that , he told me .
Im sure you were confused when you woke up .
You were drugged and- I know , I said quickly .
I remember everything .
He raised his brows .
You remember ? He asked .
I nodded and bit my lower lip , remembering how he made me feel that night and how he helped me through my heat .
Yes , and I never got a chance to thank you … for uh … helping me , I said , staring at the ground as if it held all the answers I needed .
He was quiet for a moment as he studied my face .
Im glad it was me , he said , surprising me .
I lifted my gaze to look at him .
Chapter 0214 Yeah , I breathed .
Me too .
A smile tipped the corner of his lips as he stepped closer to me .
Next time you ever need help … make sure you call me , he told me .
My cheeks grew incredibly hot , and I nodded quickly .
Okay , I said breathlessly .
I will .
He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me into his body for a hug , engulfing me in a hug .noveldrama
We stayed like that for a short moment before I heard Matt at the doorway .
Judy ! Im ready for tutoring ! He shouted .
Stop hugging my father and come inside !! Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 215
Chapter 0215 Third Person POV Ethan went to Judys school late on Monday evening , knowing he was going to be getting out of class at any moment .
He had stalked her over the weekend , but she hadnt left the mansion in the last 2 days , nor had Gavin returned since he left Friday night .noveldrama
Ethan had no choice but to wait outside of Judys school in his car and watch her as she left .
She got into the car she usually got in whenever Ethan saw her .
It was Gavins drivers car .
He was most likely taking her to her tutoring session with Matt .
It was pointless to follow them at this point , knowing they were most likely going to the Villa .
But Ethan couldnt seem to help himself .
He drove a distance behind them , making sure to stay a few cars behind at least to not draw suspicion to his vehicle .
When they reached the Silver Crescent pack and started to make strange turns , Ethan knew they werent headed to the villa .
They drove a few minutes further until they finally reached the North of the border .
Ethan pulled off to the side as he watched Judy get out of the car ; they were at the mansion .
At that moment he noticed a man standing at the entrance of the mansion and when he got a closer look , he realized it was Gavin .
He was waiting for Judy , and he looked a bit awkward as she approached them .
They were talking and Ethan would give anything to be able to hear what they were saying to one another .
He rolled down his window slightly to see if he could channel his wolfs hearing , but it was no use .
His hearing wasnt as strong as most because he wasnt officially an Alpha yet .
Gavin stepped closer to Judy and Ethan noticed the blush creeping up her nose as she stared up at him .
They looked far too intimate to be just casual and it was strange that she was here at this mansion .
Why would Judy be here ? Unless she truly was living with hun .
Ethan watched as the corner of Judys lips turned upward into a smile and then Gavin wrapped his arms around Judy , pulling her close to him in a far too intimate hug .
Ethans wolf released a low growl at the sight of his mate in the arms of another man .
Ethan grabbed his phone and didnt hesitate to snap some photos of the scene before him .
Then , it was interrupted by Matthew who was shouting for Judy to join him in the mansion .
Gavin ran his fingers through his hair as he watched Judy walk into the mansion .
After he exchanged some words with the driver , he followed Judy and Matt into the mansion as well .
Ethan was outraged at the sight that he witnessed .
He immediately pulled up Irenes contact information .
He had to tread carefully with this , or else Irene could get the wrong impression and leave him .
He couldnt let her know that hed been stalking Judy and waiting for her to be seen with Gavin .
He put the picture in an attachment and then sent Irene a message .
Ethan : I was looking for your father so I could speak pack business with him .
I remember you saying he was at his mansion in the north , so I came here to see him and saw this … He pressed the send button along with the attachment and then he waited with bated breath for Irene to get the message and reply .
Irene was alone at the villa when she received the message .
The film crew went into the city to grab some dinner after their long hours of filming and Matt went away to a different location for his tutoring Chapter 0215 session .
Per usual , she knew her father was at his northern mansion because of some rogue attacks that hes had to deal with … or so he says .
Hes been acting strangely lately , but she hasnt bothered to ask him what was going on .
She hoped he wasnt using rogue attacks as an excuse to avoid Skyla because thats almost what it was looking like .
Shes not sure if they will spend any more time together since she kissed him in front of the cameras .
She knows that her father hadnt been happy about that , but he would get over it soon enough .
When her phone went off , it brought her out of her thoughts .
A smile tugged at the corner of her lips when she saw that it was a message from Ethan .
She hadnt heard much from him today , but hes been so tentative and caring towards her this past week that it didnt really matter .
She was pleased to hear from him and her heart beat a little faster .
That is until she opened the message and then it fell deep into her belly .
She stared at the image of her father intimately hugging Judy and then read Ethans message along with it .
He was going to speak with her father about some business and then just happened to see Judy with her father , hugging her .
were Irene wasnt sure if she fully bought that … but it didnt matter .
The facts remained the same , they clearly outside of the mansion in the north .
There were no rogue attacks ; her father had lied to her and was spending all his time at the north mansion with Jud
###Take 216
Chapter 0216 Fury climbed its way through Irenes chest as she clutched her phone tightly .
She needed Judy to get out of that mansion ; she was only doing this so she could weasel her way back into Ethans life and by the looks of things … it was working .
She knew people in the media , and she knew if word got out about this little relationship , it would not doubt scare Judy away .
Maybe for good this time .
She pulled out her phone and searched for her contact before she reached the familiar name she knew too well .
She pressed the call button and put the phone to her cheek .
Please tell me you have something for me , her friend said , sounding bored out of his mind .
Ive hit a dry spell , and I might lose my job if I dont come up with a good enough story to keep the attention of literally everyone .
Oh , I might have just the story you need , Irene told him with a smile lighting her face ; she loved his enthusiasm , and she knew he would do whatever it took to milk this story .
Hold on , Im sending you something .
She sent him the photo and waited for him to receive it .
What is this ? He asked .
Is that your father ? Yes , Irene answered .
Thats my father in the arms of his lover .
My brothers tutor .
She is literally my age and shes only after him to get close to my fiancé .
Its so obvious .
I wanted her exposed for the fraud that she is .
Find out what you can about her and publish this story .
I dont take orders from you , her friend teased .
Do you want the story or not ? Irene asked , rolling her eyes .
Oh , I want the story , her friend chuckled .
Give me one day and Ill have this baby published everywhere .
You I was hoping you might , Irene said with a smile spreading across her lips .
Im counting on you .
With those words left in the air , Irene hung up the phone and waited for her handy work to unfold .
Judys POV So why are we having a tutoring session here ? Matt asked after Gavin left to take a shower in the bathroom upstairs .
Why not ? Do you not like it here ? I asked him from across the living room table .noveldrama
He shrugged .
I mean its fine , but its kind of far .
Did you have to travel far to get here ? He asked thoughtfully .
Its a lot closer than you might think , I told him .
You dont need to worry about it .
But we are going to be meeting here for the next unforeseen future .
At least until the film crew is done at the villa .
Chapter 0216 He nodded .
Its overwhelming there with so many people , he admitted .
Im glad to get out of there .
Its nice here .
Its peaceful .
I smiled .
Well , maybe we can spend more time here even after they leave them , I suggested .
Im sure your father wont mind .
He nodded eagerly .
Harper walked into the room with a platter of treats and when she saw Matt , her smile widened .
I thought I heard your voice , she said to him as she placed the food down on the table and opened her arms for him to hug her .
Its been so long .
You never come to visit anymore .
I know .
Dad never lets me come here , Matt told her Well shame on him , Harper teased .
Ill make sure to yell at him for that .
Matt laughed .
Please do .
Ive never seen Matt so comfortable with anyone other than family and me .
It was nice to see that he wasnt a bother to others like he was to his former tutors .
Just as Harper turned to leave , I saw a red mark on her neck , and I raised my brows .
She had a large hickey on the nape of her neck .
I bet I knew where she got that from .
I didnt want to embarrass her though , so I kept my mouth shut .
Matt and I spent the next couple of hours tutoring and training .
At one point , Gavin trained with us , and it was fun to see him interacting with Matt .
Matt enjoyed his time with his father , that much was clear .
I was surprised that Gavin chose to spend the night at the mansion , even after he sent Matt home with Beta Taylor .
I wasnt expecting him to want to spend more time here with me , but he did , and we certainly enjoyed our time together as well .
By the next morning , while Gavin was I received a text from Nan .
All it said was : 911 .
I decided to call her , worried that something might be wrong with her .
Nan ? Are you okay ? I asked as soon as she answered the phone .
Im fine … but you might not be , she murmured .
What are you talking about ? You are all over the news , Judy , she told me , much to my horror .
My heart fell into my stomach as I brought up the news app on my phone .
Sure enough , there was a large photo of Gavin and me hugging on the front porch of the mansion .
My # Chapter 0216 breathing hitched at the sight and then I read the headline and first sentence of the article : Gavin Landrys Mysterys Lover Revealed ! Gavin Landry was found hugging mystery lover , Judy Montague , on the front porch of his mansion late last night !
###Take 217
Chapter 0217 Chapter 0217 Gavins POV I stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel , wrapping it around my waste .
By the time I left the bathroom , Judy wasnt in bed anymore .
I frowned at the messy bed and glanced around the room ; my brows furrowed .
I hadnt even realized she was awake I grabbed my clothes and quickly put them on , not bothering to do anything with my wet hair .
I left the bedroom and went down the stairs , only to see Harper walking around the corner .
Is Judy in the kitchen ? I asked as I adjusted my shirt into my pants .
Harper glanced up at me with a frown .
No , Alpha .
She said she had to get to school early this morning and left , Harper explained , halting my steps .
I turned to look at her , my eyes narrowed .
She left ? Yes , sir , Harper answered before she turned and hurried away .
A low growl escaped my throat ; how could Judy just leave like that ? She didnt even say anything to me about it .
I wondered if she mentioned something to that Chester character .
I couldnt stand Chester ; Im not sure why Ive kept him around .
Hes always been like this … a flirt .
He cares more about making the women around him melt than he does his actual job .
Even though I had to admit , he was pretty good at his job too .
His food was always delicious , and it was the one thing I looked forward to when I came to this section of the pack .
Well , it wasnt until Judy started to live here .
The kitchen smelled amazing when I walked in and I wasnt surprised to see Chester behind the counter , cooking away and making his kitchen aids chuckle with his witty banter and smooth words .
I rolled my eyes .
Stop flirting with your coworkers , I said as I walked in , making him freeze .
When he glanced over his shoulder at me , he flashed me a smile .
Sorry , Alpha .
I cant help myself .
Maybe you shouldnt have hired such beautiful women to work for you , he said , winking .
I rolled my eyes , knowing exactly what he was doing ; made the women in the kitchen swoon and their knees buckle .
I dont pay you to flirt , I muttered , sitting at the counter .
I hired you to cook .
Cant I do both ? He asked .
Don Dont you have a thing with Harper ? I asked , narrowing my eyes , and making him frown .
Im sure he wasnt expecting I would know about that make it a point to know everything about Chapter 0212 everything .
I see the way Harper looked at him and on more than one occasion I would hear them in the supply closet , or in his bedroom while I was walking by .
I also noticed the glant hickey Harper was sporting … I wasnt an idiot .
We are friends with benefits , he murmured .
She knows what this is … I didnt believe him ; if the way Harper looked at him on the daily was any indication , I would think she was head over heels in love with the fool .
He was brealding her heart and soon , she would probably quit because working in the same space as someone who broke your heart is nearly impossible .
I shook my head at him .
This is why you dont mess with your coworkers , I muttered .
He looked a bit awkward , but he said nothing more as he turned away and finished cooking breakfast .
He plated the food and slid it across the counter and into my direction .
Is Judy coming down soon ? He asked .noveldrama
I frowned and shook my head ; I thought he would have known she left already .
I guess I got the answer to my question .
Nok , she left early this morning , I answered .
He stared at me blankly for a moment .
Without any food ? He asked .
Why would she leave so quickly without even saying good morning to me ? That doesnt sound like her .
Harper said she had to get to school early and was running late or something , I said , taking a bite of the food .
It was delicious and I hated how good it was ; but damn it , he was phenomenal at his job .
She spoke to Harper and not me ? Chester asked , sounding offended .
Yes , I answered .
She is her handmaiden after all .
You are only her chef .
She doesnt need to report to you .
Chester folded his arms around his chest and stared at me .
Well , seeming you got this information from Harper , think its safe to assume she didnt tell you .
either , Alpha , he retorted .
I glanced up at him and saw that he was smirking .
Normally I would have ripped someones head off for speaking to me like this , but honestly , Chester sort of made me laugh .
I wasnt going to show it though , so I bit the inside of my cheek and glared at him .
After a moment , he cleared his throat and pointed at the sink .
I should probably clean those , he said awkwardly .
You think ? I nearly barked .
The second he turned his back , I let my guard down and smiled , shaking my head .
After I finished eating , I left the mansion to go straight to my Villa .
The filming should be wrapped up Chapter 0217 any day now and Ill finally have that space to myself again .
I had been avoiding Skyla ever since she kissed me and let the press think something was going on between us .
I called the press after the news story was released and demanded that they take the story down .
I was furious when I saw it but it didnt matter now ; it was over and done with .
I let them have the space and I spend most of my time at the mansion with Judy , or in my office .
###Take 218
Chapter 0218 But seeming the filming was about to wrap up soon , I promised Chanse I would be there at least for the next couple of days .
Oh , hello , Daddy , Irene said as she reached the bottom step , You were gone all night .
Everything okay ? I ran my fingers through my still wet hair and nodded Yeah , I had some business in the north .
Nothing to concern yourself with .
Did Matt get home okay ? Yes , he just left for school with Beta Taylor , Irene answered .
Ethan is taking me out later , so I wont be home .
Will Judy be here today ? Not while the film crew is here , I told her .
We need to talk about what happened between you two .
Irene frowned and folded her arms across her chest .
It was about Ethan , she murmured .
I wasnt in the wrong .
You physically attacked her , Irene , I reminded her .
She started it ! Irene protested .
It wasnt my fault .
I was defending my honor as Ethans bride to be and future Luna .
Shes just jealous and Ever since you found out that Judy is his fated mate , youve been jealous and angry with her , I pointed out .
At one point , Irene and Judy were friends , of course , Ive noticed that thats changed lately .
I wasnt an idiot ; I only chose not to get involved .
But now it was starting to affect things in my home , and I wasnt okay with that .
Irene needed to know that her attitude towards Judy wasnt called for or necessary .
I have every right to be upset , She said , narrowing her eyes .
They both lied to me ! udy too ? Exactly , they both lied to you .
You already forgave Ethan … why not forgive Judy She rolled her eyes and avoided my gaze as she said , Because Ethan told me her intentions .
Im sorry , what ? I asked , but before she could reply , a new presence entered the foyer .
Alpha Gavin … Skyla said as she walked towards us .
Have you come to see our shooting ? Yes , I answered .
I promised Chanse that I would be here today .
She batted her lashes at him .
I wanted to talk to you about the other night , she told me , pausing when she saw Irene .
Ill let you two talk , Irene said quickly .
Well finish this conversation later , I called after Irene just as she hurried out of the room .noveldrama
I shook my head , watching my daughter practically sprint away from me in order to avoid this much needed conversation .
I turned my attention to Skyla , currently the vein of my existence .
Shes been causing a lot of issues without even knowing she was doing it .
What can I do for you ? I asked , trying to sound Chapter 0218 professional , hoping she would get the hint .
I wanted to apologize .
My behavior was embarrassing , she told me , fiddling with her fingers .
Its been forgotten , I assured her .
You can rest easy now .
Not wanting to get into this conversation any further I walked past her through the villa until I reached the back patio .
The film crew were grabbing their stuff and getting ready to move the shooting to the pack center .
It was going to be mayhem there today because this was the first time the crew was filming in public .
Im sure words have spread like wildfire by now .
I greeted Chanse and then helped them move their things from my villa and towards the town .
As predicted , it was complete mayhem .
Paparazzi were everywhere , onlookers were attempting to snap photos and take videos .
I had security guards attempting to keep them back , but there were so many of them and most of them were eager to get Skyla to notice them .
Alpha Landry , do you have a minute to answer some questions ! One of the paparazzi asked , trying to get past the guards but there was no use , the guard was way stronger and larger .
I wondered what kind of questions he could have for me , but this filming needed to begin so I shook my head .
Not right now , I told him , turning my back on him .
I wanted to know about your new relationship ! He shouted after me , making me freeze for a moment .
Are the rumors true , Alpha ? Skyla stepped beside me , her eyes shining as she attempted to grab my hand , but I pulled back and glared at her .
She recoiled from my look and took a step away .
Im sorry … its just that we are both single , so I thought that maybe- I cut in , stopping her words quickly .
Who said anything about me being single ?
###Take 219
Chapter 0219 Skyla stood shell shocked by Gavins words .
Had she heard him correctly ? Was he confirming his relationship with Judy ? She only thought that it was a ling .
Nothing that Irene had said indicated that her father was in a serious relationship .
Her cheeks were burning with heat as the paparazzi captured this very embarrassing moment .
Before Skyla could reply , one of the paparazzi spoke first .
Actually , we are talking about your relationship with Judy Montague .
Gavins entire body froze , and his eyes glazed over for a moment .
Skyla could tell he was confused but when he refocused his eyes , a flash of anger went through his gaze as he turned to face the paparazzi .
What are you talking about ? Gavin asked through his teeth .
The paparazzi looked awkward as they stared at one another .
Well , its all over the internet , one of them said as he pulled out his phone to show Gavin the photo of him and Judy hugging intimately .
Skyla tried to peer over Gavins shoulder to also look at the photo and her heart fell into her stomach upon seeing them together .
She swallowed the lump in her throat and took a step away from him .
She now realized that hanging around him like this would be detrimental to her image .
Everyone would label her as a homewrecker .
It was obvious there was much more to their relationship than Irene let on and she suddenly felt incredibly stupid .
She shouldnt have blindly trusted that girl , but she wanted Gavin so badly she would have done anything to get him .
Anything except break up his current relationship .
She had an image to uphold , and she couldnt be labeled as a homewrecker , or else her entire brand would be flushed down the toilet .
Her agent would be so disappointed in her if she knew what had almost occurred .
I want this photo taken down , now ! Gavin demanded , his fury evident .
The paparazzi all looked frazzled as the rest of them pulled out their phones to make some calls .
On that note , Gavin turned to glare at Skyla who was just as baffled and confused as everyone else .
Did you know about this ? He asked her , surprised her .
She shook her head without hesitation .
She had no idea that photo even existed .
No , she answered , which was the honest truth .
He must have seen that it was the truth on her face because he sighed and ran his fingers through his hair I need to go , he murmured and then he left without another word .
Chanse was nearby after Gavin left ; he had a frown on his face as he stared at Skyla .
Everything okay ? He asked , watching Gavins retreating back Yeah , Skyla sighed .
But I think I need to stop pursuing him .
Hes obviously taken .
I was lead astray … Im sorry to hear that , Chanse said .
Maybe its for the best .
Now you can just focus on this movie and Chapter 0219 nothing else .
Skyla nodded and turned to face the director .
Yeah , youre right .
Lets finish this filming already .
They spent the next several hours wrapping up their filming .
They were planning on leaving in a few days and honestly , Skyla was thankful for that .
She couldnt wait to return to her home and just rest for a little while as they made their final edits on the film Wheres my father ? Irene asked later that night when Skyla was just about to get some rest .
She froze just before she reached the stairs and frowned at Irene How should I know ? She asked , folding her arms across her chest .
Most likely with his girlfriend .
Irene raised her brows .
What are you talking about ? She asked .
As if you dont know , Skyla scoffed .
You used me as a pawn .
Im not sure what your problem is with Judy Montague , but my career is important .
I cant get mixed up in that kind of drama .
Judy ? Irene asked .
Shes not my fathers girlfriend Shes a whore whos only after one thing .
Oh , yeah ? Because the news says otherwise , Skyla said , pulling out her phone and showing it to Irene .
Irenes face paled .
She grabbed the phone and stared at it .
The article said that her fathers mystery lover was revealed ! It was supposed to paint Judy as a mistress and whore , not his legitimate girlfriend .noveldrama
Scrolling through the comments , Irene felt physically ill .
Everybody loved the fact that Judy was his mystery woman , and they wanted to know more about her ! It was making her look good when Irene was aiming to do the opposite .
She was trying to get Judy away from her father , not push them together .
How could her friend get the article horribly wrong ? I want no part of this , Skyla said , grabbing her phone out of Irenes hands .
Now , if youll excuse me .
Irene watched as Skyla walked up the stairs and towards the guest bedroom .
Irenes face was pale , and fury was bubbling up inside of her .
It wasnt fair .
How could Judy get everything she wanted ?! She was getting Ethans attention and her fathers attention .
Well , two can play that game .
She wants Gavins attention ; well , she was going to fight for it .
If there was one thing Irene knew about her father , it was that his kids meant everything to him , and he would always choose them over anyone else .
###Take 220
Chapter 0220 Judy was about to learn that the hard way .
Everybody was staring at me in school .
I tried hard to keep a low profile , but it was difficult when literally everybody and their mother saw the news .
I was supposedly in a committed relationship with Gavin Landry , or so the article implied .
He texted me this morning and told me that he was going to take care of it and not worry , but I knew the damage had already been done .
Everybody saw it and everybody was talking about it .
I was so embarrassed .noveldrama
It was also extremely inaccurate I wasnt in a relationship with Gavin Landry .
We were simply keeping things casual .
It was nothing more than sex .
But I knew it would make both me and Gavin look bad if I came clean to everybody , so I kept my mouth sealed shut .
Its not as bad as you think , Nan said , wrapping an arm through mine .
Honestly .
Youre going to be fine .
Theyll forget all about it soon enough .
I frowned at her , my stomach feeling unsettled .
How do you know ? I asked , wrapping my arms around my body .
This is a nightmare .
We were supposed to be lowkey .
She shrugged and glanced around at everyone who was walking by ; they kept sparing curious glances at me and whispering to one another .
My cheeks burned with embarrassment .
Im sure something more interesting will happen soon enough and then they will forget all about you .
I let out a sigh .
I hope youre right , I breathed .
We went our separate ways , and I tried my best in each class , but it was hard when I felt like everyone was whispering about me behind my back .
The only thing I truly had to look forward to was seeing Gavin after school .
He will make things better no doubt ; I just had to hold onto that hope and trust him .
I waited outside the school for Leroy ; Nan had her after school study session and couldnt wait with me , so I stood outside the school grounds alone .
I glanced at the time with a frown ; it wasnt like him to be late .
Typically , he was here before I arrived , not the other way around .
I sat on one of the nearby benches and put my elbows on my knees .
My mind was whirling with the media ; I couldnt believe everybody was talking about my relationship with Gavin Landry .
Even my professors seemed extra curious today .
A familiar car stopped in the street in front of me and when I lifted my gaze , my entire body froze .
1 knew it wasnt Leroy , but my thoughts confirmed when the door opened , and the driver stepped were out of the car .
Tell me it isnt true , Ethan said as he rounded the car and approached me .
Ethan ? I asked , not believing my eyes .
I wasnt expecting him to just show up at my school like this .
We were in public , and any outburst could make him look bad , not to mention ruin any chance he has to Chapter 0220 marry Irene .
Hes already on thin ice with her .
What are you doing here ? I saw the news , Judy , he said , shaking his head as he stopped inches from me .
Tell me its not true .
Are you truly in a relationship with him ? I folded my arms across my chest and narrowed my eyes at him .
I dont see how its any of your concern whether its true or not , I told him simply .
He scowled at me , and I could see the pure anger on his face as his lip curled in disgust .
Because hes going to be my father in law ! He nearly hissed , spit flying from his mouth .
Dont you see how fucked up that is ! I cant believe you are having a relationship with him ! You left me for another woman , Ethan .
What I do isnt your business anymore , I told him , not willing to back down .
I dont know why you are here trying to harass me , but it needs to stop .
L I tried to walk around him , not sure where I was going to go with Leroy not here yet , but I knew I couldnt stay around Ethan any longer .
However , he wasnt going to back down without a fight .
He grabbed my arm with force , spinning me around to face him .
I wont let you go back to him , Judy , he said through his teeth .
You belong to me and Im not letting you go that easily .
###Take 221
Chapter 0221 Judys POV I stared at Ethan in shock ; his face was so serious , and his eyes were flaring with anger as he glared at me .
He was holding my wrist so tightly that it actually hurt .
But I was about to grab him and throw him to the ground ; with all my training , I knew I could take him down in a heartbeat .
I never used my strength on him before because I didnt want him to feel bad about himself , but I didnt care anymore .
He hurt me for the last time , I wasnt going to let him get away with this .
Just as I grabbed his arm , Ethan went down , blood oozing out of his nose and his grip my wrist immediately dropping .
I staggered backward , confused as to what just happened .
I heard the crunch of his nose , and I knew it was broken .
He yelled out a ton of different curses as he whaled on the ground , covering his bloody and broken nose .
I looked up to see Beta Taylor growling at Ethan , his fist outstretched and a little red from the punch .
Lay your hands on her again and the next it wont be just your nose thats broken , he spat down at Ethan .
I was still in shock , not really registering what had happened until Beta Taylor looked up at me .
Are you okay ? He asked me , studying my face for any potential damage .
I managed to nod and then the fog lifted from my head .
What are you doing here ? I asked him , my eyes narrowed .
I was told to come pick you up .
The paparazzi have been ruthless , and the Alpha wanted someone he trusted to get you through the crowd and to the villa .
I raised my brows at him .
The paparazzi ? I asked .
What do they want ? They want to ask you questions about your relationship with the Alpha , Taylor said with a smirk .
You should see him running around all day trying to get the stories pulled .
He managed to get the paparazzi off his property earlier , but they are ruthless and keep reposting the articles , despite him getting each one pulled .
Right now , they are all over the place , including the mansion youve been staying at .
My heart sank .
So , in other words , it wasnt safe for me to return home .
You asshole , Ethan said as he continued to roll around the ground .
Taylor rolled his eyes and paid him no further attention .
He motioned for me to follow him .
We walked to his waiting car , and I slid into the back seat .
Taylor got into the front seat .
Neither of us spared Ethan another look as the car sped away .
As soon as we left the campus grounds , my mouth nearly dropped .
Taylor wasnt kidding .
The entire place was surrounded by paparazzi .
They were swarming the place with their cameras , trying to get a picture of the moving car .
Thankfully , the windows were tinted so none of them were able to see me .
But It was still unsettling to see them all trying to peer into the window and get a glimpse .
I was not the kind of person who was noticed , so this was bizarre for me .
Chapter 0221 By the time we reached the villa , the paparazzi were long behind us .
There were extra guards outside the front gates , keeping the paparazzi away , so I knew we were safe now .
What about my tutoring session ….
and the film crew ? I asked as Taylor parked the car .
The film crew finished up earlier today , he told me .
Youll have your tutoring session here .
Its not safe to return to the mansion just yet .
Gavin spent the day working on it , Gavin was waiting inside when we entered and the flash of relief that went across his eyes didnt go unnoticed by me .
But I was too wound up to find it too sentimental right now .
Im working on it , he assured me before I could utter a single word .
If I have to break every single camera of theirs , I will .
Taylor already told me everything .
Im sure that wont be necessary , I told him .
But who took that photo in the first place ? That was the one thing thats been bothering me all day ; someone was outside of the mansion and snapped that photo .
The thought left me feeling unsettled .
Gavin shook his head .
I dont know , he told me .
But Ill find out and then Ill destroy their phone too .noveldrama
I smiled , unable to help myself .
He can be so adorable sometimes .
I would have told him that if pack gammas and the Beta didnt surround us .
Is Matt in the parlor already ? I asked , looking around to see if I could get a glimpse of him .
Yes , Gavin replied .
By the time your tutoring session is over , itll be safe for you to return to the mansion .
You have my word .
I nodded , still feeling unsure , but trusting him .
I stepped around him to head towards the parlor , but he grabbed my arm to stop me .
My entire body lit from his touch ; warmth spread across my cheeks and an electric sensation formed where his fingers up were .
Well talk later , okay ? I nibbled on my bottom lip , hoping that the others didnt see how red my face was getting .
Okay , I replied before I turned and went to join Matt in the parlor .
I was surprised that he was already hard at work on his homework .
I raised my brows as 1 hut the door behind me .
Whats all this ? I asked him , pointing towards his 3 open books , a scatter of paper , and his notebook which he was messily writing his notes in .
###Take 222
Chapter 0222 Matt looked up at me and a grin spread across his face .
I wanted to get this done quickly so we can spar outside ! He told me.
I kind of wish we were still at the mansion though .
I liked it over there .
Your father thinks its better if we worked here because of the paparazzi .
Until he takes care of it , its better if you didnt go over there , I told him .
I just hoped that they would be cleared by the time it was time for me to go home .
The last thing I wanted was the stay here … not with Irene under the same roof .
I knew she didnt like or trust me right now and I didnt want things to continue being awkward between us .
I think spending the night with her father would make things even more awkward .
He nodded thoughtfully and then he grinned again .
So , are you going to be my mom ? I nearly choked on my spit as I sat down beside him .
Im sorry , what ? I asked him , snapping my eyes in his direction .
He shrugged as if he didnt just ask me that question so casually .
I saw the news reports .
I dont live under a rock , he told me , eyeing me suspiciously and making my cheeks burn even more .
Im not upset if you are going to be my mom .
I would really like it if you were .
Oh , Matt … I said , my heart squeezed in my chest .
The last thing I wanted was to disappoint and hurt him , but I certainly didnt think I was going to marry Gavin .
Maybe we should talk about this later ? His face fell a little , but he nodded .
He wasnt stupid , he knew I was avoiding the subject .
But he was polite enough to not say anything .
We continued with his homework and then we spent time sparring in the backyard .
Now that the film crew was done , it was nice having the space to ourselves again .
I hadnt noticed someone else had joined us in the training grounds until Matts eyes wandered and then grew large .
Oh , hello Miss Sinclaire , Matt said .noveldrama
I turned and my jaw nearly dropped when I saw Skyla approaching us .
She gave Matt a small nod and then her eyes shifted into my direction .
My cheeks bumed under her scrutiny .
H … hello , I said to her , hating that I stuttered .
Can we talk for a minute ? She asked me .
My eyes grew large ; what could she possibly want to speak to me about ? I glanced down at Matt , and he seemed to get the hint because he nodded and quickly went to finish practicing with the bow and arrow .
I turned to Skyla , forcing a smile in her direction .
Whats this about ? I asked her .
I think you know what this is about , she told me , raising her perfectly trimmed brows .
Its about you and Gavins relationship .
Chapter 0222 My cheeks burned even more .
I wanted to tell her that we didnt exactly have a relationship ; at least not like that .
But the words wouldnt leave my lips .
My wolf wouldnt allow me to say those words to her because she didnt want them to be true .
I wasnt sure what that meant exactly , but I found myself clamping my lips shut and listening to more of what she had to say .
If I had known he was already committed to someone , I would have never pursued him , Skyla continued to tell me .
I just wanted you to know that Im not a homewrecker and I cant have the paparazzi thinking that I am .
I was surprised by her words .
I dont think anyone is calling you a homewrecker , assured her .
I kissed him on camera , she said , her cheeks reddening slightly .
At some point, they will start talking about it .
They are so focused on his new relationship that they havent put any of the pieces together yet .
I know Gavin is working on getting the stories pulled , but I worry about my reputation .
Well , if it comes down to it , I will tell them that our relationship is new and that he was single when he met you .
The words left my lips before I could stop them , and I immediately regretted them .
Was I really planning on telling the paparazzi that I was in a relationship with Gavin Landry ? As if things werent hard enough as they are .
Skyla also looked surprised ; she thought about it for a moment before she nodded .
Just dont make it seem like he left me for you , she told me , winking as if she were telling a funny joke .
But I knew she was serious .
Look , Im really sorry for any misunderstandings I may have caused .
I was under the impression that his fling with you wasn t serious .
I wouldnt have pursued him if I knew .
Its okay , I reassured her .
Its not your fault .
We were keeping things secret .
Thats not on you .
Her face softened and she nodded .
? Well , thats all I wanted to say , she told me and turned to leave but then she paused for a moment .
Oh , and Judy ? Yes ? Hold onto him tightly , she told me .
Hes a good man … and he deserves someone who will stick by his side no matter what .
###Take 223
Chapter 0223 Judys POV By the time we finished our training , the sun was alreatly setting .
I was exhausted and I wanted to return to the mansion where I could finally spend some time with Gavin .
I was craving his touch and hadnt realized how much I craved him until I felt his fingers on my arm earlier today .
My cheeks burned at the memory and a small smile tugged at the corner of my lips .
What are you smiling at ? Gavin asked as I walked around the corner .
I froze when I saw him leaning against the wall of the corridor , his arms folded casually across his chest .
Just thinking , I teased as I started to walk past him wanted to go to the bathroom , but his hand .
around my wrist stopped me and soon , I was spinning around to face him just before he took me and pressed me against the wall .
My body flared to life from his nearness and my breath hitched in my throat .
He was lucky we were completely alone right now because if anyone were to see us , it would only feed the rumor mill .
What were you thinking about ? He asked , a smirk on his lips .
My heart was pounding in my chest as I looked up at him .
Wouldnt you like to know , I said , winking at him .
Lattempted to wiggle out from against him , but he had me pinned between the wall and his body .noveldrama
His lips found mine before I could utter a single word , and / my entire body lit up to life .
He tasted so sweet , and his kiss was way gentler than thought it would have been .
His lips moved perfectly against mine and his tongue slid out to taste my bottom lip , asking permission to enter my mouth .
Permission that I gladly gave him .
I found myself moaning softly against his lips , wanting to deepen the embrace .
I wrapped my arms around his neck and ran my fingers through his hair , massaging his scalp lovingly , Skylas words continued to play in my mind ; he deserves someone who would stick by him no matter what .
Someone who would never let him go .
Was that someone me ? Was I ready to commit myself to another man after I was hurt by my mate so badly ? How did I know that Gavin wouldnt hurt me in the same way that Ethan had ? Was that something Gavin would even want ? Did he want a true relationship with me ? I had so many questions in my mind , but the only thing I truly wanted right now was his lips on mine .
He lifted me up and my legs instinctively wrapped around his waist .
He ran his fingers up my bare back beneath my shirt as he started to walk us towards the bathroom .
But then the sounds of falling and screaming were like dumping cold water on whatever was about to happen .
Gavin dropped me to the ground before I could get the chance to comprehend what had happened .
My back hit the ground with a thud , and I winced in pain , cursing softly as he ran from the corridor and towards the main foyer .
I knew my tailbone was going to bruise .
I struggled to get to my feet .
I hadnt realized that I hurt my leg during that fall until I attempted to walk , and pain shat up my spine .
I hissed and grabbed the wall for support before I had the chance to fall over again .
Miss Judy ? Beta Taylor asked as he walked around the corner .
Are you okay  He rushed towards me to help me stand .
Yeah , just a freak accident , I murmured .
Ill be fine Who screamed ? Irene fell down the stairs , he told me , much to my surprise .
Gavin is with her now .
He wants me to take you home .
W … what about the paparazzi ? I asked .
Gavin took care of it already .
The stories had been pulled and the paparazzi arent going to go against him again after what he threatened , Taylor said , chuckling and shaking his head .
Here , let me help you get to the car .
He wrapped an arm around my waist , and I wrapped an arm around his shoulders as he guided me into the main foyer .
Gavin was holding a crying Irene , and be turned to glare at Taylor .
Where have you been ? He asked .
Taylor frowned .
I thought you wanted me to take Judy home , Taylor said , confused .
Leroy can handle that .
This is more important , Gavin growled .
WE need to get to the hospital right now .
My heart ached from his words … of course , I knew that his daughter was more important than me but hearing him say it out loud and not even be curious as to why Taylor was holding me up , Taylor glanced at me with a frown .
Are you going to be okay ? hurt .
I nodded , forcing a smile .
Lets go ! Gavin growled at him .
Taylor nodded and released me .
I nearly fell over but thankfully there was a wall next to me and I was able to use it for support .
Gavin didnt even spare me another look as he hurried after his Beta with Irene cradled in his arms .
My eyes found hers and I swear I saw a smirk playing on her lips just before they disappeared .
Had she done this on purpose ? Third Person POV Your tutoring session is already over ? Irene asked , poking her head out of her bedroom door as Matt walked by .
He nodded .
Yeah ; its late now .
Weve been studying and practicing for most of the day , he replied
###Take 224
Chapter 0224 Is Judy still here ? I think she was going to the bathroom and then leaving , he replied with a shrug .
Any more questions or can I return to my room ? He asked bitterly .
She rolled her eyes and gestured for him to leave .
The second his bedroom door closed behind him , Irene ran out of her room and down the stairs .
She hadnt seen her father in a while either because he had been busy trying to get those stories pulled .
She walked around the corner and was about to head towards the bathroom , but the sounds of breathy moans hit her ears , making her pause entirely .
Her eyes narrowed and she hid around the corner , trying to get a glimpse of what could be happening .
Her jaw nearly dropped when she saw her father pressing Judy against the wall , his lips covering hers in what looked like an intimate kiss .
Of course , Irene knew there was a possibility they could be fooling around with one another , but seeing it was something entirely new .
Judy was seriously such a whore .
It was obvious she was only using Gavin so she could get close to Ethan .
Ethan pretty much said as much and Irene trusted Ethan more than anything in this world .
Judy had always been like this ; she was a flirt and cheated on Ethan … her own mate ! There was no way Irene was going to let this bitch get away with having her way with her father , only to break his heart in the end .
Judy let out another breathy moan just as Gavin lifted her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist .
Irene felt sick to her stomach at the sight of them together and she knew she was going to have to do something to break them up and keep him away from her for the night .
She tiptoed down the hallway and back towards the foyer , pleased that there wasnt anyone around considering it was later in the evening .
Most of the staff had returned to their rooms ; only some of the guards were awake and they mainly focused on patrolling the outside area .
Irene walked halfway up the stairs , took a deep breath , and then allowed her body to go limp and tumble down the rest of the stairs .
It didnt hurt much because it wasnt a far fall , but she let out a blood- curdling scream as she fell .
She landed on her arms which protected her from hurting herself too badly .
She was a little bruised , but nothing that wouldnt heal overnight .
Irene was good at crying on the spot ; shed used that ability a lot growing up .
She grabbed her leg , which didnt hurt at all , and she continued to whale and scream on the ground .
Guards rushed into the room ; their eyes wide with alarm .
Seconds later , her father ran into the room , His eyes were wild , and he looked disheveled .
Irene ? He asked , rushing towards her .
What happened ? I fell down the stairs , she cried , tears streaking down her cheeks .
Beta Taylor walked into the foyer with a frown .
Woah , everything okay ? Gavin dismissed him with a hand wave .
1/2 Chapter 0224 Take Judy home , he ordered without even glancing at his Beta .
Irene fell down the stairs and I need to take care of her .
Okay , Taylor said .
Where is Judy ? .
Bathroom .
Taylor nodded and headed in that direction .
Where does it hurt ? Gavin asked his daughter who was still crying and shivering violently .
My leg … she whimpered .
It really hurts , Daddy .
Gavin glared at the guards who stood shellshocked .
And where were any of you when this happened ? He growled , his wolf surging forward and making them all shudder .
W … we were patrolling outside , Alpha , one of them had the guts to speak .
It isnt their fault , Irene whimpered , grabbing her fathers arm .
I was clumsy .
I came down for a snack and then missed a step .
You should have been more careful , Gavin told her as he touched the leg she was cradling.
Ow ! Irene cried .
It hurts so badly , Daddy .noveldrama
Shit , it might be broken , Gavin murmured .
Okay , we need to get you to the hospital .
Someone needs to grab Leroy and have him get the car .
The guards looked at one another with a frown .
You told Leroy to return to the mansion earlier to make sure it was safe for Judys return , one of the guards replied .
Fuck ! Gavin cursed , completely forgetting that fact Call him back here and tell him its an emergency .
Yes , Alpha , the guard said as he grabbed his phone and rushed off to do just that .
Beta Taylor returned with Judy , and it looked like she was in some sort of pain as well .
Irene noticed that Judy was holding onto Taylor as if she might fall over and she was limping .
She was not going to steal Irenes thunder .
Irene cried even harder and clutched her father who was now lifting her into his arms and holding onto her tightly .
She had to keep him from noticing Judy , so she cried even louder and harder .
At that point , Gavin decided that Taylor was going to take them to the hospital and Judy could wait for Leroy to return .
Just as they were about to leave , Irene noticed that Judy was using the wall to keep her on her feet , and she couldnt help but smirk at Judys despair .
Her plan was working perfectly .
###Take 225
Chapter 0225 Leroy was kind enough to escort me into the mansion and to my room .
I knew I would be fine by the morning ; my wolf was usually good at healing me fairly quickly .
But I couldnt get what had happened out of my mind .
I knew he didnt mean to hurt me and that he would never forgive himself if he knew the truth , so I decided to keep the information to myself .
But still … he cared way more about getting Irene to the hospital than he did about me .
Which , I couldnt even blame him for .
Irene was his daughter after all , but couldnt he tell that he was being played ? Telling from the smirk Irene was giving me as they left , she was faking her injury .
For a Lycan chairman , he was certainly fooled very easily , and it bothered me .
Chester was kind enough to bring me dinner in bed and I thanked him before he left .
I had a feeling he saw the news reports before they were pulled because he didnt bother flirting with me like he usually does .
I couldnt help but laugh ; maybe some good did come from that after all .
Harper was very attentive to my needs as well and helped take care of me until I was feeling better .
I was grateful for them both and glad that they were with me , even if things were weird between the two of them .
By the time I woke up the next morning , I was feeling way better .
It was Friday and I was excited to spend the weekend doing nothing .
I thought about maybe having a girls night with Nan .
She had yet to see the mansion and I knew shed been dying to see it since I told her I was staying here .
Plus , we both needed to just forget about things for a while .
You know what we are doing this weekend ? I asked her when I saw her at school this morning .
She laughed .
Whats that ? She asked , intrigued .
A girls night .
A spread across her face .
Maybe during this girls night , I could finally find out whats been on her mind , I thought to myself .
Shes been a bit closed off lately since the party .
I hadnt asked her about the mate thing since she brought it up that night .
I figured if she wanted me to know about it , then she would have told me sober .
But she hadnt .
It kind of hurt a little that she didnt trust me with this huge secret .
I can pick up some wine and we can eat junk food , I continued .
How about tomorrow ? At the mansion ? She asked , her eyes wide with wonder .
I chuckled and nodded .
Yes, I replied .
She shrieked and hugged me .
Chapter 0225 Later that night , after I finished my tutoring session with Matt , I thought Gavin would take me home and spend some time with me since we hadnt really seen each other since yesterday , but I was disappointed to find out that he was still tending to Irene and her fake injury .
He hadnt even bothered to tell me himself ; his Beta del it for him .
I sighed and thanked him before letting Leroy take me to the mansion .
1 continuously checked my phone the entire night , but I received not a single phone call or text message from him .
Third Person POV What am I thinking ? Nan thought to herself as she stood outside the boutique .
She stared up at the familiar sign , her heart in her throat .
She had questions , but she wasnt sure if shed be able to answer any of them .
But she needed to at least try .
She took a deep breath and stepped into the drawing Beckys attention .
the bells on the door chiming as she entered , Oh , Hey , Nan , Becky said with a smile .noveldrama
Youre back so soon .
Nan bit her lip as she closed the door behind her .
###Take 226
Maybe some new PJs ? It was a lie ; Nan had plenty of Pjs and comfy clothes to wear tonight , but she needed an excuse as to why she was back so soon .
Becky nodded , not picking up on the lie .noveldrama
I think I have just the thing , she said as she walked out from behind the counter .
We got some new Pjs in yesterday , so this is good timing .
Lucky me … Nan thought to herself .
As she went to the pajama section , Nan watched her .
Becky was so beautiful .
This was the woman that her mate chose instead of her , and it made Nans heart hurt with every beat .
Becky returned with a cute pajama set and Nan forced a smile , barely even looking at the set in her hands .
Its perfect , she said mindlessly .
Do you want to try it on ? Becky asked , raising her hands .
No , need .
Im sure theyll fit fine , Nan said , nibbling on her lower lip .
Becky chuckled and walked back towards the counter .
Well okay then , Becky replied over her shoulder .
So … Nan said as she followed her to the counter .
How was your date the other night ? Becky shrugged .
The date itself was fine .
He was such a gentleman , Becky answered .
I was hed invite me to his place … but he didnt .
He dropped me off at home and kissed my cheek .
Nans chest tightened ; his lips were on her skin ? The thought made Nan feel sick to her stomach and she had to swallow down the bile that rose in her throat .
But hes been a little absent minded lately , Becky continued .
Like theres been something on his mind .
Weve seen each other a couple of times since that date , and it was the same … its obvious he isnt telling me something .
I think there might be someone else .
Nan frowned .
Someone else ? She asked , raising her brows , Could his mate have yet another woman in his life ? Who was this guy ? She thought about asking what his name was , but then she thought maybe it would be better if she didnt know .
At least for right now .
If she knew his name , then it would make this whole thing real and she wasnt ready for that yet .
Yeah , she said with a frown as she got lost in thought .
He seems preoccupied when we hang out .
He kept staring at his phone .
And when I tried to make a move on him to distract him , he would brush me off .
He hasnt even kissed my lips yet .
Its always only the cheek Did you ask him who he was talking to ? Nan found herself asking , Becky nodded .
He said it was just a friend .
I dont know if I believed him though .
Oh … Im sorry to hear that , Nan replied .
Becky shrugged casually .
Its all part of the dating scene , Becky said with a shrug .
Its not like hes my mate or anything .
Ill survive .
So , are you going to try and make it work with him … or … ? Nan asked , pressing for more information as Becky rang in the pajama set and told her the total .
Nan dug in her purse for her wallet , her fingers trembling as she waited for s answer .
I dont think so , Becky finally replied .
I mean , maybe if we had more of a connection .
But I honestly think its just a physical thing .
At least on my end .
I wanted to jump his bones , but he could barely touch me , so I doubted he was attracted to me .
However , he asked me out again for tonight and I declined him .
Probably better if we are just friends ; know what I mean ? Nan nodded as she finally found her wallet and pulled out her credit card , handing it to Becky .
After she charged Nan for the pajamas and then put them in a bag , she handed Nan her card back and gave her a polite smile .
###Take 227
Chapter 0227 If you have any cute guy friends , send them my way , could use a variety myself , she teased .
Nan let out a laugh and nodded .
Ill keep that in mind .
Nan was relieved that Becky decided not to go out with her mate again , but who was this other woman in his life that caused him to be so distracted on their date ? She thanked Becky before leaving the boutique with more questions than she had when she entered .
Later that evening , Nan went to the Landry Mansion , using the address Judy had given her .
Are you Nan ? One of the guards asked as she approached the front gates .
Nan smiled ; it was thoughtful that Judy told them of her arrival so they could be prepared .
Yes , Nan replied .
Co 1 with me .
Miss Montague is inside waiting for you , he told her .
Nan nodded and followed the guard towards the front entrance .
The guard was cute , and Nan made a mental note to ask him if he was single later .
Not for herself but for Becky .
She laughed at the thought as she entered the gorgeous mansion .
Nan ! Judy said as she rushed towards Nan and wrapped her arms around her friend .
Im so glad youre here .
Come on , let me show you around ! Nan laughed and the two girls walked around the mansion , looking at all the cool things the mansion had to offer , including the incredible pool in the backyard .
Nan had to admit , she was jealous of Judys living arrangements .
Her bedroom was huge and had such a beautiful view .
It put her one bedroom apartment to shame .
Im going to put my new pjs on , Nan told her as she walked towards Judys bathroom .
Great ; then we will go downstairs and crack open that wine .
We can watch Corny Romcoms .noveldrama
I also ordered a pizza , Judy told her .
Nan laughed at her friend .
This was exactly what Nan needed to get her mind off things .
She quickly got changed and pulled her hair into a messy bun .
Afterward , the girls went into the living room down the stairs .
Judy grabbed a couple of wine glasses and poured them each some wine before taking her seat on the couch next to Nan .
We needed this , Judy said , clinking her glass with Nans before taking a sip .
Yeah , we did , Nan agreed , taking a sip of her own wine .
She thought about telling Judy about her mate but saying it out loud also made it real , so she chose not to say anything .
At least not right now .
Not until she knew more about him and what she was planning on doing about it .
Chapter 0227 # Are you burning a candle or something? Nan asked suddenly as she got a whiff of something sweet .
Something smells really good in here .
Could be Chester in the kitchen .
He said something about making a dessert for us , she replied .
Nan raised her brows .
Who is Chester ? She asked .
The chef .
Nan laughed .
You would have a personal chef , Nan teased .
Judy shrugged .
wont blame me … blame the Landrys , Judy sighed .
But Chester is a good dude .
Hes funny .
A flirt , but harmless .
13 I want to see what hes cooking , Nan said , standing to her feet .
The scent is mouthwatering Judy frowned , sniffing the air .
I dont really smell anything .
But Im a little stuffed up , she said .
The kitchen is around the corner .
Ill stay here and pick out a movie .
Nan nodded as she took another large sip of her wine and set it back down on the table .
She quickly hurried towards the kitchen , the scent growing stronger .
It smelled so familiar , and she was eager to see what it was .
Maybe this Chester dude would let her have a taste .
As she stepped into the kitchen , her entire body froze
###Take 228
hapter 0228 Judys POV I took another sip of my wine , feeling it relax my mind and body .
I kept glancing at my phone periodically , thinking there would be a missed call or anew message .
But there wasnt .
I hated the jab of disappointment I would feel in my chest every time I saw that there was no message .
I shouldnt be feeling this way .
Gavin was with his family … Its not like he was losing interest in me or anything Besides , even if he was , it shouldnt matter that much .noveldrama
We are only having some fun ….
scratching each others itches and putting on a show to get some people off our backs .
Yet , my chest tightened every time I glanced at my phone .
I took a deep breath and put my phone on the table , unable to look at it any further .
I glanced at Nans lightly sipped wine and frowned when I glanced over my shoulder at the entryway to the kitchen .
I wondered where she was .
I knew she was going to find out what Chester was cooking , but she had been gone for some time now .
I figured I should go check on her .
I hoped she didnt get lost on the way to the kitchen .
I took another sip of the wine before placing it on the table and standing to my feet .
I brushed my pants , straightening them with the palms of my hands before I started towards the kitchen .
off The door of the kitchen was propped open slightly and I could see the back of Nans figure standing in the entryway .
I smiled as I made my way towards her , but slowly started to subside when I saw how tense she was .
Her entire body was like a stiff board .
Frowning , I walked towards her .
Nan , are you okay ? I asked .
I paused when I reached her , and I could see over her shoulder that she was staring at Chester and Harper .
Harper was seated on the kitchen counter , her legs wrapped around Chesters waist and her arms around his neck .
Chesters arms were loosely draped around Harpers thin waist , and she was pressing herself firmly against his body .
Her tongue was practically down his throat ; it was strange because he seemed a bit detached from the kiss , but she was going in hard .
I wasnt surprised to see them like this ; if I were to be honest , it wasnt the first time I had walked in on them .
Though , it was the first time that its ever happened out in the open before … it wasnt like them to lose control like this in the kitchen .
Harper was very professional and kept her personal life a secret .
They were alone right now so Im assuming Chester sent the rest of his staff away , however anyone could still walk right in on them ..
including Nan who was frozen in her spot .
She was probably not expecting to see the chef wrapped up in the arms of the maid .
I bit my lower lip , trying to keep myself from laughing out loud as I placed a hand on her shoulder , trying to draw her attention back to me .
Her body tensed even more if that was possible .
I didnt bother looking at her face as I turned my attention to Harper and Chester , both oblivious to the fact that we were standing at the entryway .
That is until I cleared my throat loudly , making them both jump apart as if they had been burned .
Harper nearly fell off the counter at the quick motion and Chesters face was burning red when he turned to look at me .
But then the red in his cheeks immediately went away and his face turned a ghostly shade of white when 1/2 Chapter 0220 he looked at Nan .
His eyes grew wide , and I could see the horror in them .
Nan took a step back , her body trembling slightly .
My frown deepened even more as looked at my best friend ; I realized she was pale as well .
I looked at Chester who was completely frozen in his place , neither of them saying a single word .
Nan ? I asked her , tugging at her arm and trying to get her attention .
A … are you okay ? Chester ? Harper asked, trying to touch him with her foot , but he stepped further away from her as if he couldnt stand her touch .
Nan let out a shaky breath and then she finally tore her eyes away from Chester to look at me .
My brows furrowed when I saw the tears in her pretty blue eyes ; my chest tightened .
She looked gutted … something was wrong with my best friend , and I needed to know what it was .
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 229
Chapter 0229 Nan … I whispered .
What is it ? as she Im so sorry … she said hoarsely pulled her eyes away from me to look at the ground .
But I cant stay here … Wait what ? I asked , my brows raising , Why not ? Whats wrong ? Please , talk to me … She shook her head ; she was trying hard to keep the tears from spilling out of her eyes .
I have to go ….
she whispered .
Before I could say another word , she was running past me and towards the front door .
Nan ! I called after her , but it was no use , the front door was slamming shut and Nan was running out of the mansion .
I stood , confused .
I looked back at Chester who released a shaky breath of his own ; he blinked a few times as if he had now just realized where he was .
He looked at me and then at Harper who was staring at him questionably .
She raised her brows and folded her arms across her chest as she slid off the counter .
What was that all about ? She asked him .
He didnt answer her , but instead , he looked at me .
Who was that ? He asked me , taking me by surprise .
What ? I asked him .
Why ? Just answer the question , he said again , more firmly and making me take a step back .
His eyes had gone wild , and my heart was beating fast against my ribcage .
Something was wrong and I was determined to figure out what the hell it was .
My best friend , I answered , narrowing my eyes at him .
Nan Rugby .
His expression softened for a moment .
Nan … he whispered as if he was tasting the name on his tongue , and from the look on his face , I would say he liked how it tasted .
It made me even more curious ; I had never seen her act like this before and it was strange behavior for Chester as well .
I looked over my shoulder at the closed doorway , ideas circulating through my mind .
Did you know her or something ? Harper asked , a twinge of jealousy in her tone as her face grew impossibly red with pent up frustration .
He looked at her and I could see the apology on his lips , but he didnt speak it out loud .
Instead , he turned away from her and started to walk past me and out the front door as well .
He didnt run like Nan did , but he walked with determination .
I couldnt help it … I had to follow him .
I needed to know exactly what was going on and why it had to do with my best friend .noveldrama
I chased after him and we ended up outside on the front patio .
Chester was glancing around at the front yard with a timid frown on his face .
1/2 Chapter 0229 I could practically hear his heart beating rapidly in his chest .
I was also surprised that Nan was able to leave so quickly .
She must have gotten into her car and peeled away , leaving no trace of her presence .
Chester leaned against the railing of the porch and sighed , his shoulders sagging slightly .
The front door swung open and then slammed shut ; I didnt need to turn to see who it was that had followed us outside .
I looked over my shoulder at a very pissed of Harper who was glaring at Chester as if he had just slapped her .
She had her arms wrapped around her body and her lips were pressed in a thin line .
What the fuck , Chester .
Who was that woman ? She asked , her brows furrowed as she glared at him .
How could you chase after her and leave me alone like that ? Im sorry , Harper , he murmured .
But it was a mistake to make out with you like that in the kitchen .
It shouldnt have happened .
You were right when you said we shouldnt be having a relationship while we work together .
His words took me by surprise ; Chester wasnt usually the logical one .
He was a flirt and never cared about such a thing before .
It seemed to have taken Harper by surprise too because her mouth fell open .
W … what are you saying , Chester ? She asked , I could hear the hurt in her voice as she fought to keep her emotions in check .
He sighed and ran his fingers through his blond shaggy hair before he turned ot face her .
His eyes were so serious , and it made Harpers eyes grow wide as she took a step away from him .
Im saying that we cant see each other anymore , he told her firmly .
Im sorry … but whatever this is … he said , motioning between the two of them .
Its over .
###Take 230
Chapter 0230 Judys POV A … are you serious right now  Harper asked , taken aback by Chesters words .
He nodded and sighed .
Yes , Harper .
Im sorry , he murmured , and then he walked past her and back inside .
Harper stood frozen , her face red with anger and hurt all at the same time .
My heart hurt for her ; I knew how much she liked Chester .
I could see it on her face every time that he was around .
I knew how much it hurt for the guy you liked to not want you back… or to give you up so easily .
But I couldnt help but wonder if Nan was okay .
Im sorry … I told Harper , not sur what more to say .
I just dont get it … she whispered , staring down at her feet .
Everything was fine .
Then that girl walked in and … her voice trailed off .
you her ? think they are seeing each other ? I know Chester went on a date the other day .noveldrama
Could that be I shook my head ; Nan would have told me if she went on a date with a man .
She would have told me all about it .
The fact that she hadnt mentioned it makes me wonder what this story was .
Im not too sure , Harper , I settled on saying .
Harper nodded and sniffed back her tears before she turned her back towards me .
Im just going to go inside .
If you need anything … Ill be in my room , she murmured .
Without another word , she walked into the mansion .
I stared after her for a brief while before I sighed and grabbed my phone out of my pocket .
I glanced at the screen , seeing that I had no .
Missed calls or texts .
Now I was doubt disappointed ; I was upset that Gavin hadnt reached out to me , but I was also upset that Nan hadnt texted me after she left to tell me that she was okay .
I brought up her contact and pressed the phone to my cheek .
It rang several times before I got her voicemail .
Hey , Nan .
Please call me , I said to her voicemail box Im worried about you … I added before I hung up .
Sighing , I walked back inside .
The mansion had gone quiet , and the kitchen was now completely empty .
I knew Chester had turned in for the night .
The food he made for us sat untouched on the counter .
I wasnt very hungry , but I figured I might want it tomorrow , so I put some plastic wrap over the container and stuck it in the fridge .
I also grabbed a sponge and washed down the counters .
I wasnt sure what else Chester and Harper had done here while no one was here earlier , and the thought made me queasy .
After I was done cleaning the kitchen , I retreated to my room .
I was sad that Nan left so suddenly ; I was looking forward to this girls night .
I went into the bathroom , brushed my hair back into a pony , and washed off the leftover makeup from my face .
I grabbed my toothbrush and put some toothpaste on it .
As I brushed my teeth , I let my mind wander for a few It was such a strange and out of ordinary reaction for Nan to have .
I thought about the party and how upset she was .
She hadnt mentioned it since , but she did say something about finding her mate .
My entire movement stopped as I stared at myself in the mirror , the toothbrush hanging from my lips .
Could Chester be Nans mate ? The thought left an unsettled feeling bubble in my belly and my eyes grew impossibly large .
It would make sense given both their reactions to one another .
Did that mean that Chester knew about Nan and yet he still chose to go on a date with another woman … not to mention make out with Harper in the kitchen earlier this evening ? If thats the case , maybe Chester wasnt as harmless as I thought he was .
I spit the water and toothpaste out of my mouth and rinsed the brush off before placing it in its holder .
I grabbed a hand towel and wiped off my lips before putting it back on the rack .
I sighed and leaned against the counter , feeling a wave of dizziness .
This whole thing was getting to my head and I just wanted to get some sleep .
After several deep breaths , I turned away , turned off the bathroom light , and stepped into my room .
It was lonely without Gavin .
I had started to get used to him spending his nights here even if it was out of the ordinary at first .
I checked my phone one last time and saw no missed texts or calls .
I sighed and tried calling Nan again , but I got her voicemail … again .
I put my phone on the charger , placing it on my nightstand before I crawled into bed .
I hated being alone right now … I wished I could reach out to Gavin , but I knew he was busy .
I wished I could get a hold of Nan … but she refused to answer my calls .
I had no idea what was going on , but I hoped that I could figure it out in the morning .
It took a while , but eventually , I was able to drift off to sleep .
When I woke the next morning , I felt restless and a bitnumb .
I grabbed my phone to see if I had a missed call and my heart skipped a beat when I saw a text message from Gavin .
It was sent early this morning .
I bit my lower lip as I opened the message .
###Take 231
Chapter 0231 Gavin : Sorry I couldnt come over last night .
Id like to see you tonight though .
Dinner tonight ? I couldnt help the smile that lit up my face .
I pressed the reply button and typed out my own message .
Me : That sounds great ! I pressed send and then I quickly got out of bed .
I didnt bother changing out of my pajamas as I left my room and went down the stairs and towards the kitchen .
My stomach was growling considering I hadnt eaten last night .noveldrama
I hoped Chester was well enough to cook breakfast ; if not , I guess Ill just have to cook it myself .
I was honestly surprised when I saw him hard at work in the kitchen .
There was no one else with him though .
I glanced around the kitchen , wondering where the kitchen adds were but when I didnt see them , my eyes found Chesters .
He had paused his movements behind the counter , and I could see that he was contemplating asking me something , but then he changed his mind and turned his attention back to what he was doing .
Where is everybody ? I asked as I walked towards the breakfast nook and took a seat .
I told them I wanted some space today and to take the day off , he told me , without even glancing in my direction .
I watched him as he moved effortlessly around the kitchen Is everything okay ? I asked , raising my brows at him .
He finished plating the food and then he slid it across the counter and in my direction .
He was quiet as he walked over to the coffee pot and started to pour some into a mug for me .
At first , I didnt think he was going to answer my question .
But then he brought me the coffee , along with the sweeteners and cream , and he leaned against the counter , looking defeated .
Can I ask you a question ? He asked .
I nodded and started to sweeten my coffee and poor cream into the black elixir .
Of course , I answered .
I was honestly just glad that someone was at least talking to me .
I would answer any question he had for me at this point .
Youre 20 , right ? he asked .
I glanced up at him and nodded .
Yes , I answered .
Why ? Usually , people find their mates at the age of 18 , he murmured .
I held up my hand to stop him .
Thats a myth , I told him .
You can find your mate at any stage of life .
It doesnt have ot be at 18.
How old is too old ? I furrowed my brows .
I dont believe there is such a thing as too old , I told him But 35 ? He asked .
Chapter 0231 1 took a sip of my coffee , eyeing him carefully over the rim before I set the coffee mug down .
I licked my lips and picked up my fork .
Chester made the worlds fluffiest pancakes and the most delicious bacon I had ever seen .
My mouth was watering at the sight of the food .
Thats not very old , I told him .
And as I said , you can find your mate at any age .
He was quiet for a moment longer and I took that as an opportunity to start eating .
I nearly moaned as the flavors burst in my mouth , and it made him chuckle and shake his head .
It was good to see him smiling after yesterday , even if it was brief .
I picked up my coffee to take another sip .
Have you ever found yours ? He suddenly asked , making me choke and gag on the coffee .
I spit some onto the counter without meaning to and it made him jump back .
He quickly grabbed some napkins to wipe the spill .
Are you okay ? Yeah , I said between coughs .
Im fine .
Just took me by surprise is all … He looked at me sheepishly as he threw the napkins away .
Sorry , he murmured .
I shook my head and waved off his apology .
Dont be , its okay , I told him as I settled myself back down .
I took a deep breath and met his eyes ; I didnt want to lie to him .
Besides , it didnt matter anymore .
The cat was out of the bag … Irene knew the truth and she was honestly the only one I didnt want to know about this .
Chester lived in this mansion , which meant he saw almost everything .
He knew about my relationship with Gavin , so didnt matter if he knew even more details .
Yes … I finally answered .
He glanced up at me with a frownL What ? I found my mate , I told him .
When I was 18.
I had known him for a long time prior and admittedly , Ive always had a little crush on him throughout our childhood .
We are from the same pack … so we were always around each other .
When I turned 18 we discovered that we were mates and then he marked me almost right away .
I brushed the hair away from my neck to show him my mark and he gasped when he saw .
Youve been marked ? He asked , his eyes wide with horror .
I nodded and sighed .
H Yes , I replied out loud .
I stared down at my plate , a wave of sadness washing over me .
We were supposed to get married .
So , why didnt you ? He asked .
What happened ? 1 bit my lower lip , remaining quiet for a moment , and then looked up at him .
He left me for Gavns daughter .
###Take 232
Chapter 0232 Judys POV horror in his Chester stared at me with a shocked expression , his mouth practically on the ground .
I could see the eyes , and it made me look away from him again .
I didnt want him to feel bad for me , but I also wanted to be honest with him about everything .
It seemed he was struggling with his own feelings and coming to terms that he found his mate … he didnt want to say it out loud , but I knew thats what was bothering him .
Its bothering Nan too and my heart was torn between the two of them .
I wanted them both to be happy and I knew that if they gave one another a proper chance , they could make each other happy .
But they both seemed frightened over the idea of having a mate … or maybe Nan was frightened of the idea of having Chester as a mate .
Her first couple of impressions of him werent great .
The first step was that they both needed to admit that they were mates , if not to me , then to each other .
They needed to talk about it and figure out what to do from there Irene ? Chester asked , leaning against the counter again as if he couldnt support his own weight .
Wait … your mate is Ethan Cash ? From the Cash family ? I wasnt surprised that he knew Ethans name .
Everybody knew Ethans name .
His family was famous around the wolf territory ; not as famous as Gavin , but they were well known .
Even more , now that he was marrying Irene , the most famous heiress in the world .
1 nodded .
Yes , I replied .
The one and only .
He left me to be with trene .
I cant really blame him … but it took a toll on me and my wolf .
Well , yeah .
I mean , hes your mate .
That cant be easy … seeing him with another and His voice trailed off and I could see the utter horror in his eyes ; his face had gone pale again , just as it did last night .
I waved my hand in front of his face , trying to bring his attention back to me .
Hey… what are you thinking about ? I asked him , my voice dropping to a compassionate whisper .
I … he started to say , but then he froze .
Chester? I asked , urging him to continue .
His eyes finally found mine and I could see the remorse in them .
I hurt her , Judy , he told me softly .
I wanted to put him out of his misery , so I sighed and leaned back in my seat .
Shes your mate , isnt she ? He looked shocked that I knew such information , but then He sighed and nodded .
Yes , he whispered .
I saw her the other day when I was taking this girl Becky out on a date .
I was in such shock that day that I wasnt sure what to do .
I didnt want to ditch Becky , but Nan was standing in front of me with this hurt expression after realizing that I was taking Becky on a date ….
I winced ; it was no wonder Nan was so upset and got drunk during that party .
I wished she could have told me about this sober .
It hurt that she didnt ; I was supposed to be her best friend and yet she couldnt talk to me about something this important .
Why didnt you go after her ? I asked , not wanting to sound accusatory , but I couldnt help myself .
Finding a Chapter 0232 mate was a big deal and I wanted only the best for my best friend .
Chester looked so defeated as he shrugged one of his shoulders .
Like I said … I was in shock , and I didnt want to ditch Becky after being the one to ask her out in the first place .
I thought about finding her afterward and explaining myself but I honestly had no idea who she was or how to even start looking for her .
I tried to ask Becky about her , but Becky didnt really give me much information and she kept changing the subject .
Rightfully so … she didnt want to talk about another woman on our date .
I nodded as I listened to his story , my heart heavy in my chest .
And what about now ? I asked .
What about you and Harper yesterday ? You already knew you had a mate … you saw her with your own eyes and yet you still chose to make out with Harper out in the open ? He ran his fingers through his hair and stared at the counter in front of us .
Not my best moment , he murmured .
I honestly didnt think Id ever see her again .
I certainly had no idea that you were friends with her and that shed see that … I nodded , understanding what he meant , but I was still upset because Nan was hurting , and she wouldnt talk to me about it .
So , what now ? I asked him .
Im not really sure … he murmured .noveldrama
I messed up and Im not sure what to do about it .
I dont think shell ever talk to me again .
Shes your mate … shes going to want to talk to you again .
Her wolf will make sure of it , I told him .
Its up to you how that conversation goes through .
You need to prepare yourself and not act like a dick .
He frowned at me .
When do I act like a dick ? He asked , sounding offended .
You arent a dick … but your actions arent the actions a mate would want to see , I warned him .
are serious about this …
###Take 233
Chapter 0233 I dont know if Im serious about anything , he blurted , and I could see the panic in his eyes .
I havent even thought about this long enough to know what I actually want .
I never thought Id find my mate , Judy .
I never thought I even wanted a mate in the first place .
Wait … what ? I asked , my eyes narrowed .
Are you thinking about rejecting her ? He bit his lip , refusing to meet my eyes .
That was all the answer I needed ; my heart hurts for Nan .
Well then if you have to reject her , then I would do it sooner than later , I told him , almost bitterly .
I wasnt hungry anymore , so I pushed my plate away and stood to my feet .
Put the poor girl out of her misery .
Without another word , I left the kitchen , leaving him alone with these thoughts .
Gavins POV So , I know that Irene is claiming her leg hurts… but Ive done 3 different X rays , Alpha and theres nothing physically wrong with her , Elizabeth Pierce said .
I sighed and leaned against the wall ; we stood in the hallway , and we had been in the hospital since yesterday .
Irene kept crying that her leg hurt and wouldnt let me leave .
I ran my fingers through my hair , feeling exhausted .
I hadnt been able to sleep ; I tried to get a few hours in the Hospital chair , but I was uncomfortable , and Irene was whimpering for most of the night .
I asked Elizbeth to do numerous tests to find out what was wrong with her leg , but shes been coming up blank .
I trusted her judgment because she was the best doctor in the world after all .
I nodded Thank you , I told her .
So , I can take her home ? Elizabeth nodded .
Yes , she replied .
Im sure she could use some rest and her own bed .
Ill prescribe some sugar pills … we can tell her its pain medication .
It seems her pain is strictly mental and doesnt actually exist .
If she thinks shes taking medication to help with her pain , then her pain will go away .
I nodded .
I appreciate that , I told her .
Ill get that right away , she said as she retreated from the area .
With a sigh , I walked back into the hospital room .
Irene was scrolling through her phone , her brows pinched together .
Everything okay ? I asked .
She froze when she saw me walking into the room ; she put her phone on the bed beside her and grabbed at her leg , tears filling her eyes .
Yes … my leg , just hurt , and Ethan hadnt come to see me once , she whimpered .
I sighed again and sat at the edge of her bed , taking her hands in mine .
Im sure hes just busy .
Im going of take you home and- Chapter 233 Take me home  She gasped .
But what about my leg ? Daddy , it hurts ! I nodded .
I know , I told her .
Dr.
Pierce is going to prescribe some medication to to go home to get some rest .noveldrama
She bit her lower as more tears spilled out of her eyes .
O … okay , she stammered .
With the pain and then we are going Once we are home , we can try to call Ethan and see if he can come over to see you .
I dont know if anyone even told him you were injured , I told her .
She nodded and wiped her eyes .
I glanced at the clock and saw that it was nearing afternoon , I told Judy that I would pick her up in a few hours and we could get some dinner and spend the night together .
I felt bad that I hadnt been around her much .
I kind of left her high and dry the other day and we really havent talked much .
I wanted to spend some extra time with her tonight and make up for it .
Elizabeth returned with the medication and gave Irene a tablet right off the bat with some water .
Its a powerful medication , so only one a day is needed , she warned ; she then looked up at me and winked .
I mouthed , Thank you before turning my attention back to Irene who had swallowed the tablet and drank half the water .
Beta Taylor met us at the hospital and took us back home .
helped Irene into her room and got her settled into bed with her phone .
Once she was settled , I went off into my own room and started to get ready for my evening with Judy .
I glanced at the clock ; I only had a few minutes before I needed to leave , Just as I left my room and started down the stairs , I heard Irene screaming and crying .
My entire body froze , and I rushed into her room .
Whats going on ? I asked , expecting to find someone in her room , but I found no one .
I reeled in my angry wolf and looked at my crying daughter .
Irene ? What is it ? Ethan wont answer my calls ! She cried .
I groaned .
Then Irene narrowed her eyes at me .
Are you going somewhere ? She asked me .
I looked down at my suit and then nodded .
Yeah , I was about to head out … I started to say , but she only cried harder ..
Please dont leave , Daddy ! I dont have Ethan and nobody else is here to help and support me .
I need you ! I can get one of the maids to tend to your needs , I assured her .
More tears streaked down her cheeks , You are never around anymore , and I miss you ! She cried Please , dont leave me again , Daddy ! Please !!
###Take 234
Chapter 0234 Judys POW Gavin wanted to take me out tonight .
He texted me to tell me to be ready by a certain time and I was more than eager to go out with him .
After I left the kitchen this morning , I went straight to my room to take a long bath .
I needed to clear my head and wash away all the negative thoughts that had collected in my mind .
I tried calling Nan a few times this morning , but now her phone was turned off and it was going straight to voicemail .
I even sent her a couple of text messages , but they remained unopened .
My heart squeezed painfully in my chest , I hated that she was going through this .
I hated that Chester was putting her through this .
I knew I would see her at school tomorrow , but I needed to know now that she was okay .
As I stepped out of the tub and grabbed a towel , I wrapped it around my body .
I pulled the plug to the drain so the water would go down and then I turned to look in the mirror .
It looked as if I hadnt slept in days .
I sighed , it was going to take a lot to make me presentable for my date with Gavin tonight .
There was a knock on my bedroom door , and I quickly spun on my heel and hurried out of the bathroom .
There was a part of me that hoped it was Nan , even though I knew it wasnt likely .
I pulled the door open , and I stood surprised to see Harper standing at the doorway .
Her eyes were red rimmed , and her nose was pink ; it was clear she had been crying and my heart tugged at her as well .
I didnt know Harper all that well ; since my time here , she had been a good maid and started to slowly become my friend .
However , I found Chester to be more my friend than Harper .
But that didnt mean I wanted her to be hurting as well .
Hey , Harper … I said , uncertainty filling my tone .
Are you okay ? She wiped at her damp eyes and forced an obviously fake smile .
Yeah , sorry , she said softly .
I was just seeing if you needed anything .
Sorry , I havent been super tentative lately .
I shook my head , waiving off her concern .
You dont need to worry about it , Harper , I assured her .
Its honestly okay .
But Im worried about you .
Yesterday was really rough … Im okay … she said quickly .
I think I could just use a distraction .
I thought about it for a moment , and then I smiled .
Well , I have an idea , I told her , grabbing her arm and pulling her into my room , shutting the door behind us .
She looked startled and stumbled over her feet for a second , it made me laugh .
I have a date tonight .
She winced at my words , and I realized she probably didnt want to think about dating or anything like that .
Well , its kind of a date , Gavin and I arent exactly dating its complicated , I told her .
Harpers expression softened and she nodded .
I can understand complicated , she told me .
I figured you could , I told her .
But I havent seen him in a few days , and he wants to spend the night with me .
I want to make myself look hot for him but Im kind of torn look like I havent slept in years .
She studied me for a moment and then a smile tipped the corner of her lips .
I wasnt going to say anything , but yeah .
You kind of look ke crap , she teased .
Chapter 0234 I frowned at her and narrowed my eyes .
You are one of talk , I teased right back .
Her cheeks grew red from embarrassment , and I nudged her with my shoulder .
Im kidding , I assured her .
I get it .
Honestly , I think we could both use the distraction .
You think I can help you get dressed for your not date ? She asked .
I laughed at her choice of words and nodded .
You have incredible style and Im honestly jealous of how well you can do your own makeup .
I was wondering if you could maybe do that for me ? She lit up at my words and nodded eagerly .
Yes , I can do that .
Thats actually the perfect distraction .
wanted to be a makeup artist for a long time , she admitted .noveldrama
I frowned .
Why didnt you ? She shrugged .
School costs a lot of money and I dont have that kind of money yet .
Thats why Im working here … so I can earn enough to put myself through school , she told me .
I understood that better than anyone .
It made me respect Harper that much more .
I get it , I told her .
Thats kind of why I tutor Matthew .
Im putting myself through school too .
She raised her brows .
You are ? She asked .
Whats your major ? Combat and defense , I told her .
Im doing Gamma warrior training .
That explains why you train Matthew in combat , she said thoughtfully .
I nodded .
What makes you want to be a gamma warrior ? She asked I want to protect the werewolf Kingdom , I admitted .
Ive always wanted better for our kind .
Im even more determined since something terrible happened to my family recently .
I want to be able to protect them from anything ever hap
###Take 235
apter 0235 She looked like she was about to ask me further questions about what I meant , I was hoping she wouldnt though .noveldrama
I didnt want to get into it and my family issues were not something to gossip about .
She seemed to be able to read that on my face though because she closed her mouth and nodded .
I let out a breath of relief , grateful that she chose to keep her questions to herself .
She grabbed a dress that I left for myself on the bed , and she held it up .
Were you planning on wearing this ? She asked , crinkling her nose .
Well , I was thinking about it , I said , frowning She shook her head .
This isnt good enough .
You need something hotter .
Let me dig through your closet and see what else you got , she said .
After an hour of rummaging through my entire wardrobe , she finally found a cute little outfit she wanted me to wear .
It was a little bit too revealing for my taste and I only had it because Nan insisted on me buying it during one of our many shopping sprees trips a long time ago .
I never wore it though and truthfully ; I wasnt planning on it .
But Harper insisted that this was the dress 1 needed to wear for my not date with Gavin .
You can wear a sweater , she suggested with a cheeky smile .
I couldnt help but laugh and agree with her that the dress would be fine .
For the next several hours , 1 let Harper fuss over my hair and makeup .
By the time she finished , I barely recognized myself .
I gawked at myself in the mirror ; I was like a completely different person .
Woah … I breathed .
Harper giggled .
You look hot , she said , leaning her head against my shoulder .
Ive outdone myself I do say so myself .
I nodded , agreeing You certainly did , Harper , I breathed .
You are going to kick as once you get to beauty school .
She beamed at my words and took a steady step away from the .
TH Well , I guess my work here is done , she said , glancing at her watch , and then her eyes grew wide .
I hadnt realized we spent the entire day in this room .
I looked at the clock as well and gasped .
She was right ; we literally spent the entire day in this room .
I didnt realize it would take so long to get dressed for this not date grabbed my phone to check my messages and saw that there was none .
I was hoping Nan would have called me back by now .
Harper noticed my worried frown and her brows pinched together .
Whats wrong ? She asked .
The Alpha hasnt called ? I shook my head .
###Take 236
Chapter 0236noveldrama
Judy’s POV
I sat on my bed, my heart deep in my stomach and tears filling my eyes. Gavin didn’t need to speak for me to know exactly what he was about to say. I already knew it… we weren’t going out tonight.
“Is everything okay?” I asked, my voice coming out hollow and unfamiliar.
“I’m sorry, Judy. I’m not entirely sure what to do,” he said, sounding defeated. “Irene is really upset that Ethan hasn’t reached out to her since she’s been in the hospital. She still claims ot be in a lot of pain and she doesn’t want to be alone.”
I bit my lower lip to keep it from trembling.
“Did she know you were going out tonight?” I asked the question before I could stop myself. I already knew the answer; of course, Irene knew he was going out with me tonight. That was why she insisted that he stayed behind so that he wouldn’t spend any time with me. It was a manipulative tactic, and he was falling for it because she was his daughter, and she could do no wrong.
I couldn’t compete with his daughter… not that I wanted to in the first place. But it still hurt that he wasn’t even going to try to call her out on her bullshit.
“Yes,” he replied. “What does that have ot do with anything?”
His tone hardened slightly, and I could tell he was getting protective. I shook my head, momentarily forgetting that he couldn’t see me.
“Nothing,” I lied. “So, are you staying home with her instead?”
“Don’t you think I should?” He asked, still sounding a bit defensive.
“Yeah, of course,” I told him. “I mean, it’s not like this was an actual date or anything.”
“We knew what this was,” Gavin said after a brief pause. “It’s a show.”
“I know,” I told him, though his words hurt, I didn’t let him know that they affected me in the way that they did. “ I get it… you should stay home with her.”
“Okay,” he said. “Yeah, you’re right.”
He was making it sound like this was my idea, but I knew he made up his mind before he even called me. I swallowed the tough lump in my throat, suddenly feeling sick to my stomach.
“I’ll make it up to you though,” he assured me. “We can go out another time.”
I bit my lower lip, hating how I was feeling right now. My wolf was so quiet, and it was almost eerie.
“Yeah, sure…” I said, my voice dropping to a whisper.
“Daddy, where did you go?” Irene asked in the background. “Who are you on the phone with?”
“It’s nobody,” he said, making my heart stutter. “Just business. Get back into bed and I’ll be there in a minute.”
“Okay,” Irene said softly. “I’m going to try and call Ethan again.”
I didn’t bother sticking around to hear his explanation as to why he couldn’t tell Irene who he was speaking to; my heart hurt enough, and I knew I was about to burst into tears at any moment. Without a word, I hung up the phone. I let out a frustrated groan as I stared at myself in the mirror. I hadn’t realized I was already crying until I saw the makeup streaks on my cheeks. All of Harper’s hard work had gone out the window, now I was even more a mess than I was when she started.
I slowly stripped off my dress and put my pajamas back on. I threw my hair in a messy bun and went into the bathroom to wash off the streaks of makeup. The tears wouldn’t seem to stop. I shouldn’t be this upset over the fact that Gavin canceled on me.
It’s not like he’s my actual boyfriend or anything. We were only using each other for sex and to get people off our backs. I wanted Ethan off my back, and he wanted his family off his. That was all this relationship was… we both got something out of this deal and that was that. I knew what this was long ago, and I shouldn’t be feeling this kind of disappointment.
Yet, it seemed as if my wolf didn’t get the memo because she was crushed just as she was when Ethan left us for someone else. I told myself I was never going to feel that way again and now I was the one being a fool.
I decided to just stay in my room for the rest of the night. I didn’t want to face Harper and tell her that my plans fell through; I wasn’t sure I’d be able to handle her emotions and Chester’s emotions, along with dealing with my own. So, it was better if I just stayed in my room and tried to get some sleep.
I left early the next morning for school, successfully avoiding both Harper and Chester. I didn’t want them asking me how my night was…I didn’t want to talk about it. Leroy was waiting outside for me as he was every morning that I had school.
When he dropped me off at school, I thanked him before getting out of the car. I was grateful to be at school. It meant I was finally going to be able to see Nan and talk to her. I glanced at my phone with a frown; she hadn’t tried to call or text me for the rest of the weekend and I was worried about her. But hopefully, my questions will be cleared up once I saw her today.
###Take 237
Chapter 0237 I knew she had an early morning class and would most likely be in the student lounge after her class .
I arrived towards the end of that early morning class , so Id be able to catch her before I had to get to my first class of the day .
I walked into the student lounge and waited in our usual spot .
I ordered us both a coffee and had it waiting for her when she arrived After what felt like an eternity , I glanced at my watch with frown .
It was almost time for my first class of the day .
A girl 1 recognized walked by ; I knew she was in Nans early morning class because they had done homework together in the past .
Hey , Stasia , I said , stopping her in her tracks .
She froze and looked at me , her eyes wide and her cheeks flushed .
Oh , uh … hi Judy , she said , staring at the ground and avoiding my eyes .
I furrowed my brows ; it was a strange reaction that I never received from her before .
Actually , the more I noticed it , the more I realized she wasnt the only one staring at me weirdly .
I frowned as I glanced around the student lounge , almost all of them were glancing in my direction and then looking away once they saw me noticing .
They were whispering amongst one another and I realized they were all talking about me .
I was so wrapped up in my own thoughts that I hadnt noticed what was going on around me .
Could it be because of the headlines I was featured in last week ? I knew Gavin had taken down the pictures and then eventually the new story , but I guess word traveled quickly and some people were still able to see the headlines .noveldrama
My heart hammered in my chest as I looked up at Stasia who suffered awkwardly in her shoes .
Did you need something ? She asked after I hadnt said anything Oh , uh … I said , swallowing the lump in my throat .
Was Nan in class today ? She shook her head .
She emailed the teacher and said she was going to be absent for a few days , Stasia explained .
My heart cracked She was taking time off school , and she hadnt told me about it .
I let out a shaky breath and nodded .
Okay , thanks , I said softly .
Stasia nodded and hurried away .
I glanced around at everyone else who quickly looked away from me .
I furrowed my brows and stood up , grabbing all my things and shoving them in my backpack .
I grabbed my coffee cup and the one I grabbed for Nan ; I walked to the trash and threw them into the bin .
Ive had enough ; I was going to Nans apartment later and finding out where exactly my best friend had gone .
I left the student lounge , not sparing anyone else another glance .
I only had a few minutes to get to my first class .
As I walked across the campus , I saw some students on the committee putting up banners and signs for the annual Gamma Competition .
I completely forgot about this competition .
Only the chosen were able to compete the competition .
The best combat trained students around the world traveled to a specific location and they competed for the Gamma Cup .
The last one standing not only wins the cup but also secures a position in the Elite Gamma force .
The Elite Gamma Force is the best of the best and they often travel around and protect not just one specific pack , but all the packs around the werewolf territory .
But they could also be chosen to protect one specific pack as well .
1/2 Chapter 0237 Being a part of this Elite Force was everything and it was always a dream .
But I doubted I would ever be chosen .
Signs indicated that the Head Gammas in charge of the Elites , along with another Lycan Chairmen , were going to be arriving at the school to patiently pick some students to join the competition .
Just as I reached the door of the building I was walking into the door swung open , and out came a tall force to be reckoned , I stumbled backward taken by surprise by the man who stood before me .
He had a powerful aura and without thinking , I immediately bowed to him .
His Alpha power washed over me , making it impossible for me to look him in his eyes .
There were a couple of other men by his side as well with strong auras as well , but not nearly as strong .
They were strong and war the armor of Garnmas .
Oh , Judy … I heard a familiar voice .
I lifted my gaze to meet my combat professors startled expression .
Professor … I breathed , still unable to look at the Alpha in front of me .
We were just talking about you , he told me , giving a nervous chuckle ; he couldnt look at the Alpha and he kept his eyes on me .
I want to introduce you to Alpha Levi Churchill .
My mind nearly burst in my head .
Alpha Levi Churchill was one of the powerful Lycan Chairmen and the one going around with the Elite Gamma force to recruit students for the competition .
He was also known to be Gavins arch enemy ….
###Take 238
Chapter 0238
Judy’s POV
Everybody knew about the rivalry between Levi Churchill and Gavin Landry. They were 2 out of 4 Lycan Chairmen in the world. A long time ago, all 4 of the Lycans used to rule over the werewolf territory together, but due to differences and some being more powerful than others, they decided it was better to split ways and divide their leadership to different parts of the world. Gavin, being the strongest of them all, took over the largest part of the werewolf territory. That didn’t sit right with Levi, who was also very strong, but not the strongest.
It was rumored that he’d been after Gavin for years, wanting to take over his section of the world. Some say he sends over spies and recruits rogues to tear things apart. It was never confirmed though.
Having another Lycan in our territory was unsettling to say the least, especially someone who is actively trying to bring Gavin down.
Professor Adams was smiling at me, but his eyes were shining with nerves. I knew he was thinking the same thing. It was nerve-racking having this Lycan here, with the Elite Gamma Force. Especially because it was Gavin who funded the Elites… so, wouldn’t it make more sense for Gavin to be here instead?noveldrama
“This is the Judy Montague you were speaking about?” Levi asked, his voice deep and raining with authority. “Yes, Alpha,” Professor Adam’s said. “She’s one of my most prized students.”
I could feel Levi’s eyes on me and my cheeks flushed under his scrutiny.
“She doesn’t look like much,” he murmured. “Are you sure she’s capable of fighting?”
“Oh, yes, Alpha,” Professor Adam’s side, a more genuine smile tipping his lips. “You won’t be disappointed in her skills. She might be small, but she’s tough and she’s fast.”
Pride swelled in my chest from his compliment.
Alpha Levi looked at me for a bit longer before he cleared his throat and then turned to the Gammas standing behind him, nodding at them to continue walking. They did just that, they all started to walk past me without another look Levi started to walk around me as well, but he paused to look at me a bit further, his eyes narrowed and icy, sending a chill down my spine. I quickly averted my gaze and stared at a spot on the ground, nibbling on my lower lip until it was swollen.
“I look forward to seeing what you can do,” he said, surprising me. With those words left in the air, he walked off with the Gammas.
I stood frozen, not sure what just happened.
Professor Adams let out a breath as well and leaned against the doorframe.
“They are joining our class today to recruit from the student pool,” he explained, his voice dropping to a whisper.” I put in a good word for you.”
“Why is Alpha Levi here?” I asked him. “Shouldn’t it be Gavin Landry?”
“It was voted that Alpha Levi went around with the Elites instead. I think it’s because Alpha Gavin is busier. He’s the only Lycan who actually runs his own pack along with his section of the world. Not to mention he has a family without a wife. Levi doesn’t have any of that, so it was easier for him to go instead.”
I nodded, processing his words.
“You’ve got this, Judy. I’ve always known the potential you had and now they are going to know it too,” Professor Adam’s continued. “Just do what you always do and win.”
Easier said than done; before, it was for class credits and fun. Now, this could determine my entire future. But no pressure.
I wished more than anything I had Nan here; she always knew what to say to make me feel better and also, I could have used her support. After saying goodbye to my professor, I went off to my classes.
###Take 239
Chapter 0239 3 long classes later I finally had a small break before my final class of the day , which was my combat course .
That was the course that was going to determine my entire future , and my heart was in my throat .
I sat in the student.
lounge for the next hour , studying and doing homework from past classes .
I called Nan a couple more times since Ive been seated in the lounge , but her phone kept going to voicemail .
I sighed and shoved my phone back into my pocket , hating that she was ignoring me .
A part of me wondered if she was mad at me , but then I brushed that thought out of my head .
I hadnt done anything wrong so there was no way she was mad at me .
Right ? I glanced at the time and gasped .
I only had a few minutes to get to my combat class before I was late ! Where had the time gone ? I quickly shoved my belongings in my backpack and rushed out of the student lounge .
Thankfully the gym wasnt too far away and once I reached the combat center , my mouth nearly fell open .
There were so many people there ; students who werent in the class were eager to find out who was recruited to the Elite Gamma Force Competition .
This was the kind of thing that only happened once every 10 years , so it was a huge deal .
Youre late , Professor Adams said as I walked through the front doors .noveldrama
I swallowed the lump in my throat .
I lost track of time , I told him .
He gave me a once over and dismissed me to the locker room to get my gym clothes on .
He didnt have to tell me twice .
I rushed into the locker room and opened my locker with my combination .
My gym clothes were hung up on the hook and I grabbed them before walking towards one of the bathroom stalls .
Some of the girls changed in front of the others without shame … I wasnt one of them .
I liked my privacy .
When I finished changing into my tight fitted yoga pants and workout bra , I stepped out of the stall and over the mirror .
I pulled my long hair into a ponytail and adjusted my clothes , my heart still hammering in my chest as nerves got the best of me .
Good luck , Judy , A girl in my class , Emily , said as she stepped in front of the mirror next to me .
Youve always been the best .
I have faith that youll secure the spot .
I smiled at her , but I knew it didnt reach my eyes .
Thanks , I said to her .
Ive always been friendly with Emily , and it was nice to know that I at least had her support .
Together , we walked back out into the gym .
There were now even more students in the gym if that were even possible .
Alpha Levi and his Gammas were seated in the front row ; one of them smiling .
In fact , they looked almost bored .
The class had already started , and a couple of students were sparring in the center of the gym .
Dont get me wrong , most of the class was good .
We were the best class in this school , but I was slightly better than most of them .
Youre going up against Bianca Armstrong , he told me .
And then Ralph Peterson .
I nodded and glanced across the gym at Bianca who was wanning up with her friends , Bianca was huge and she was strong and fast .
She was a fierce competitor , but I had beaten her before .
However , she had beaten me before too , so I knew this was going to be a challenge .
Ralph was the best guy fighter in the class , so I knew he was also going to be a fierce competitor .
Chapter 0234 Just remember , the rules are there is no shifting allowed during this fight .
They want to see how you fight without your wolf , he reminded me .
Its been a while since I shifted during class anyway , so that wasnt going to be a problem .
###Take 240
Chapter 0240 I nodded and continued to watch the different sparring .
Soon , it was my turn to spar with Blanca .
As I said before , shes big … which meant I could use my small form and limber body to tire her out before I went in for the attack .
Ive always been told to never make the same attacks twice .
We had fought before , so she knew some of my moves already , which meant I needed different noves .
As I ran around her , dodging between her legs and tuck rolling to get free from her grasp , she growled at me , her wolf pushing slightly to the surface .
You arent going to win this one ! She hissed at me , her eyes glowing with anger .
She lunged at me , but before she could reach me , I grabbed onto the robe they use for rope climbing and pulled myself out of her grasp .
She gasped as she stared up at me and I flew around her head like some kind of strange fairy I heard the students gasping and cheering as I used my feet to kick Biance .
She stumbled backward and I used the robe to wrap myself around her body and bring her to the ground .
She was so stunned by the move that she lost her balance and took us both down .
Thankfully , I landed on top of her , so she cushioned my fall .
She hit the ground first , which meant I was the winner .
The crowd cheered , including Professor Adams .
I glanced over at Alpha Levi , and he was jotting something down in his notebook .
Blanca cursed as she walked away .
Her friends tried to cheer her up , but she dismissed them , claiming that she was fine .noveldrama
My next opponent was Ralph , and he looked pissed as he approached me .
Do I really have to fight a girl? He muttered .
I smirked at him .
Whats wrong , Ralph ? Afraid I might beat you ? He snarled , his nose flaring Fat chance , Bitch , he growled .
The bell went off and we fought .
He was a much better opponent than Bianca and he put up a fair fight .
Like Bianca though , he already knew some of my moves and I couldnt redo the same tactics I used on Bianca earlier because hed be able to stop me easily .
For a moment , I thought I was going to lose , but he made one mistake .
He attempted to throw me over his shoulder and then throw me to the ground , the second I hit the ground , he would have won .
He wasnt anticipating me to flip our position , so his shoulder hit the ground first , making me the winner and him the loser .
It was a cheap shot , but it was the only one I had .
The crowd went nuts .
I was smaller than most of my class , so the image of me beating two of the biggest , Im sure it was comical to see .
Most of this school had never seen me actually fight before , Ive always been limited to our class and gym hours .
But now they saw what I was capable of .
What the hell just happened ! Ralph cursed .
You lost , Professor Adams was the one who answered , as he grabbed my hand and lifted it in the air .
I laughed at the motion as everyone cheered .
Congratulations , Judy think you just got recruited .
He nodded over at Alpha Levi who was standing with the other Gammas , and they were all clapping .
When I met Levis eyes , I didnt feel the same overwhelming Alpha powers washing over me , instead , I felt a sense of calm .
A Chapter 0240 smile tipped the corner of his lips and then he nodded .
Holy shit … was this really happening ?
###Take 241
Chapter 0241 Gavins POV Alpha , hes here , Beta Taylor said as he stepped into my home office .
Alpha Levi arrived in the pack this morning .
I rubbed my temples with my fingers , feeling a headache brewing .
The last thing I wanted to deal with was Alpha Levi … but it didnt seem I had a choice .
He was the one who was appointed to follow the Elite Gamma Force around the world and recruit students for the competition .
The Gamma competitions happened once every 10 years and considering I had way too much to do here , I couldnt really get away for a long period of time .
Levi was the most appropriate choice .
I had a high respect for the Elite and I wished I could have gone myself .
I was the one who did most of their funding anyway .
My personal gammas were picked from the Elite Force .
Make sure the guards know not to allow him access to my villa , I murmured .
The less I have to deal with him , the better .
I heard hes already made his choice , so hes going to be leaving either tonight or tomorrow , Beta Taylor surprised me by saying .
I lifted my gaze and frowned at him Hes made his choice ? I asked .
How many students ? I think just one , he replied .
Im not sure who it is though .
I can find out for you .
I shook my head .
No need , I murmured .
Ill be at the competitions next week anyways , so I will see for myself .
Beta Taylor nodded .
Ill make sure everything is all set for your flight .
Lycan Alpha Terrance already sent over his permission to allow you access to his territory .
I nodded .
I glanced at the time ; it was about time for Leroy to pick up Judy from school and bring her to the villa for her tutoring session with Matt .
I felt bad that I had to bail on her last night , and I wanted to make it up to her .
Beta Taylor also looked at the time and gasped .
Oh , shit .
Im late , he muttered .
I have to pick up Judy .
I narrowed my eyes at him .
Why are you the one picking her up ? Wheres Leroy ? He asked for the night off , Taylor said shrugging .
I told him Id cover his shift and grab her from school .
I snarled , my nose flaring as I glared at my Beta .
Why wasnt I informed of this sooner ? I asked through my teeth .
Sorry , boss .noveldrama
Didnt think it was a big deal .
As long as someone picks her up , it shouldnt matter , he said , shrugging casually .
He was lucky he was also my friend or else I would have his head for talking to me like that .
Get out of here and get her , I said , dismissing him .
He was late , which meant Judy was going to be standing Chapter 0241 there alone .
Anything could happen to her .
Especially with Alpha Levi roaming around the territory .
Judys POV I stared down at the pack Alpha Levi handed to me before I left the gym .
It had all the information I was going to need for this competition , including hotel arrangements , transportation , and a plane ticket .
This was really happening ; I would be on that plane next week and competing in the most important competition of my life .
My heart was racing in my chest .
I was the only one that they recruited , which didnt sit right with the rest of the class , but I was skeptical about it .
I wished more than anything that I could tell Nan about it , but it was going to have to wait until I could find out where she was and why she was ignoring me .
For right now , I was happy that I was going to the villa so I could tell Gavin .
I had to tell him that I was taking a few weeks off as well because I wouldnt be around to tutor Matt .
I stood outside the school grounds , glancing at my watch with a frown .
It wasnt like Leroy to be late , but he was .
It made me nervous ; could something be wrong ? A few minutes later , a familiar car pulled out in front of me and my entire body froze .
I knew whose car this was , and I didnt want to deal with him right now .
I started to turn away and head back towards the campus ; Leroy could text me when he arrived .
Just as I started to walk away in the opposite direction , I heard the car door shutting and footsteps growing fast and loud behind me .
Stop running away from me ! Ethan said as he grabbed a hold of my arm and whipped me around to face him .
What is wrong with you ? I narrowed my eyes at him .
Dont touch me , I said , ripping my arm away from his grasp .
What are you doing here , Ethan ? I asked him , folding my arms across my chest .
###Take 242
Chapter 0242 I came to ask you if the news reports are true , he said , his eyes together ? My eyes grew large , and I took a step away from him .
With anger and hurt .
Are you and Gavin What are you talking about ? I asked him , pretending ; not to know a thing .
Dont play stupid , Judy , he said , stepping even closer to he and making me feel even smaller as I stood in front of him .
I saw the news reports last week I saw the picture , are you two truly together ? Is that why you want nothing to do with me ? 1 scoffed at him and rolled my eyes .
I want nothing to do with you because you cheated on me , Ethan .
Then , you tried to blackmail me into being your whore .
It has nothing to do with Gavin and everything to do with you , I hissed as I poked my finger in his chest .
hy finger .
His eyes darkened with each jab of my Break up with him , he demanded , making me laugh out loud .
My relationship isnt any of your business , I told him .
I was about to turn away again , but he grabbed my wrist This time , it was much harder , and it made me wince in pain .
He spun me around to face him , his eyes blaring with fury as he glared at me .
Everything you do is my business , he said through his teeth .
Make no mistake , Judy .
You are still mine .
Fat chance , I told him in return as I struggled against his hold , wincing as he tightened his fingers around my wrist , bruising me and marking me .
Ethan , let me go … I said , my voice coming out as a hoarse whisper .
will let you go when I want to let you go , he said coldly , Ive been very patient with you , Judy .
But my patience had run out and now I want what is rightfully mine .
Ehtan … I just to get him to release me once more , but he only tightened his hold around my wrist .
I felt my wrist cracking and I knew he was spraining it .
It would heal soon enough thanks of my wolf , but it was hurting badly at the moment .
Let me go , youre hurting me .
Tell me youre mine , he demanded , ignoring my pleas .
Ethan- TELL ME !! Just as I was about to grab him and shove him to the ground , Ethan released me quickly and I heard a cracking sound just before blood spilled out of his nose and he fell to the ground , crying in pain .
I stumbled backward , not sure what just happened .
I looked up to see Beta Taylor standing nearby with his fist outstretched and he was glaring down at Ethan with fury in his eyes .
She told you to let go .
It probably would have been better if you fiad listened to her , he said , pulling his fist back .
I stared at Beta Taylor with a shocked expression .
He jast punched Ethan … for me .
Taylor … ? I whispered , still not believing that he was there .
Beta Taylor looked up at me and his expression softened .
Are you okay ? He asked .
After a beat of silence , I nodded .
Chapte0242 I … I think so , I told him , staring down at his red and swollen first and then Ethans face .
He was still on the ground , covering his clearly broken nose and whimpering as he rolled around the dirty ground .
Come on , lets get you out of here , Taylor said , motioning for me to follow him .
I took his hand as he helped me step over Ethan .
You asshole ! Ethan growled as we started to walk away .
Im not going to let you get away with this ! Do you have any idea who I am !! In case I hadnt made myself clear the first dozen times , Ethan , I said , turning to look down at him .
This is over … we are over .
Stop following me .
He growled at me , his wolf close to the surface .
We are never done , he hissed .
I sighed and let Beta Taylor escort me to the car .
Once I was securely inside , I turned my attention away from Ethan who was still on the ground , fuming in anger .
Taylor started to drive off .
Thank you , Taylor , I told him .
He looked at me through the mirror and a smile tipped his lips .
Of course , he told me .
Gavin would have my head if I didnt step in .
I swallowed the lump in my throat .
Could we maybe keep this between us for now ? I asked .
I dont want Gavin to worry or be upset .
Plus , I dont want Irene to be hurt even more than she already .
Taylor was quiet for a moment , but then he nodded .
Okay , he finally replied .
Itll be our secret .noveldrama
###Take 243
Chapter 0243 Third Person POV Ethan was already healing , thanks to the healing powers of his wolf , before Judy drove off .
He stared in the direction of the car , fuming .
How dare she treat him like this ? After everything they had been through together , she thought she could just step all over him .
They had been together for more than 2 years and now she was just throwing him away .
Then there was Gavin Landry , taking what was his .
The while purpose of getting close and marrying Irene was so he could get in good with her father , but now he was growing to hate and even resent him .
Ethan felt a powerful presence approaching him and he quickly spun around to see a few Elite Gamma warriors walking in his direction .
His eyes grew large when he saw their pristine uniforms and strong builds .
He knew that the Elites were going to be in town soon enough , but he had no idea it was today .
Walking with them was the powerful presence that Ethan felt , and he knew who it was almost immediately .
Levi Churchill , a powerful Lycan Chairman .
Its known that hes not as powerful as Gavin Landry , but hes up there , and hes also Gavins arch enemy .
Levi stared at Ethan as they approached , and his eyes narrowed when he saw the blood on Ethans clothing .
Alpha Levi , Ethan said , bowing his head .
Its an honor to meet you .
You seem familiar , the Alpha said , his tone deep and filled with authority .
Have we met before ? No , sir .
But you have met my father before , Ethan told him .
And who is your father ? Alpha Levi asked , sounding almost uninterested and yet interested at the same time .
Raymond Cash .
You are part of the Cash family ? Levi asked , his brows pinching together as he studied Ethans face .
Yes , sir .
I am Ethan Cash , he replied proudly .
Levi thought about it for a moment , and then he nodded .
I see , he muttered .
And what happened to your face ? Ethan almost forgot that he had blood all over his face and his face grew warm with embarrassment .
I got into a minor accident , Ethan muttered .
Levi narrowed his eyes again and then he turned to one of his Gammas , nodding at him .
The Gamma didnt need words to know what Levi wanted and he stepped towards Ethan , helping him to his feet .
Ethan was startled at first , thinking that the Gamma was about to hurt him , but he was surprised when he was helped to his feet .
Thank you , Ethan said , bowing his head .
What kind of accident ? Ethan was taken aback by the question ; he looked up to meet Levis eyes and swallowed the lump in his throat .
Im sorry ? He asked .
I asked what kind of accident , Levi asked again , more impatiently this time .
Dont make me use my Alpha command on you to make you tell me the truth.
Chapter Not necessary , Sir , Ethan said quickly .
I got into a fight with Beta Taylor of the Silver Crescent pack .
Levis eyes darkened ; he knew exactly whos pack that was and whos Beta it was .
The Silver Crescent pack ? He asked , his interest piqued .
At that moment , Ethan had an idea , and a smile crept across his lips .
Yes , Sir .
Alpha Gavin Landrys pack , he muttered .
That stupid Alpha … He pretended to feign shock at his own words and covered his mouth .
I apologize , Alpha .
I shouldnt have spoken so crude .
Levi raised his brows .
You arent a fan of Alpha Gavin ? He asked .
Not since he took what belonged to me , Ethan muttered , folding his arms across his chest .
And what exactly did he take ? My mate , Ethan answered , much to Levis surprise .
He took your mate ? Levi asked , his brows raised so high that they disappeared in his hairline .
Yes , Ethan replied .
Weve been together for 2 years and how they are together .
I was here telling her that she still belonged to me , and I wasnt giving up on her , but then the Beta came out of nowhere and punched me .
It was a cheap shot .
Id be able to take him if I was more prepared .
You talk a big game … but can you back it up ? Of course , Ethan said quickly , brushing the dirt off his pants .
I would do anything to get Judy back and put Gavin in his place .
Judy ? He asked .
Montague ? Ethan was surprised that this Alpha knew Judys name .
Y … yes , Ethan said , suddenly uncertain .
Levi stared at Ethan for a moment , and then , much to Ethans shock , the Alpha Lycan belted out with laughter .
Ethan wasnt so sure what was funny, but he felt awkward , so he decided to join in on the laughter .
Oh , thats delicious , Levi said , his eyes darkening .
What is ? Ethan asked .
Judy is my recruit .
So , shell be under my wing for a while .
Levi said , his eyes sparkling with contempt .
Oh , Ethan said , suddenly feeling unsure about his plan .
I see .
After a beat of silence , Levi turned to Ethan .
Are you willing to do whatever is necessary to get her back ? He asked .noveldrama
Even if it might cost you more than you are willing to give ? Ethan stared at the Alpha for a long while .
This Alpha could give Ethan everything he wanted , which included both Judy and an Alpha title .
###Take 244
Chapter 0244 I want to be the Alpha of the Redmoon pack , Ethan blurted .
But I also want Judy back too .
The Alpha grinned .
I could get you both , he told Ethan exactly what he wanted to hear .
Gavin isnt the only one who has power .
Ill do whatever it takes , Ethan said , a smile spreading across his lips .
Excellent , Levi said as he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a business card .
He handed it to Ethan .
If you want this arrangement between us to work , youll need to have over all control over me .
Mentally and physically , Levi continued .
Which means we cannot have secrets between us .
You must tell me everything you know .
Give me a call when you are ready for the next stage .
With those words left in the air , Levi motioned for his gammas to follow him and soon they were gone , leaving Ethan alone with his thoughts and a grin on his lips .noveldrama
Judys POV Can you take me to Nans house before we go to the villa ? I asked Taylor just after we left the school grounds .
Sure , Taylor said , glancing at me through the mirror .
Is everything okay ? Im not sure , I told him .
I hadnt heard from her since she ran out of the mansion on Saturday .
Im worried about her .
He nodded thoughtfully and didnt say anything more as we reached the apartment complex just outside of campus .
Nans complex was a few buildings down .
I already knew the passcode to get into her building and I also knew the hidden key that Nan had in a potted plant just outside her door .
I wasnt going to bother knocking or buzzing in because I knew she would only ignore me as shed done when I called her these last couple of days .
Do you want me to come in with you ? Taylor asked from the drivers seat ; he rolled the window down and I stood on the sidewalk , staring up at Nans building .
Yes , please , I told him before I could stop myself .
I wasnt sure why , but I feared what I might find .
I worried that something was wrong with her and if that were true , then I might need some backup or something .
He nodded and went to park the car before he turned it off and joined me outside Nans building .
He gave me an encouraging nod .
I walked over to the keypad and typed in Nans code .
The door clicked unlocked and Taylor opened it for me .
I stepped inside with Taylor following after me .
Nan was on the second floor and only a few doors down .
She was the only one who had a potted plant outside of her doorway I always told her that it was obvious she was hiding something there , but she told me that nobody would think to look for a hidden key .
I rumunaged through the plant until I came across a small golden key and then I pulled it free from the twigs as I looked up at Beta Taylor .
Im scared , I admitted .
Im right here , he assured me .
I took a deep breath and nodded ; thankful he was here with ne .
I put the key in the door and listened for the click indicating that it was unlocked .
I turned the doorknob and pushed it open .
I stepped inside and I frowned at the mess in her apartment .
Nan was Chapter 0244 typically a very clean person , so to see pizza and beer bottles all over the floor and tables , was shocking .
The TV was left on some kind of reality TV show and the fridge was left open as well .
I walked over to the fridge to shut it , but I noticed some stuff was rotting and there was water on the floor , indicating that its been open for a while .
Taylor was also frowning , his nose crinkled when he saw the mess on the coffee table .
He grabbed the remote and turned it off .
My heart hammered in my chest .
Nan  1 called out , hoping she would reply , but I didnt hear her .
1 looked at Taylor panicked .
Maybe shes in her room ? Taylor asked .
I took a deep breath and walked down the small hallway until I reached her bedroom door .
Nan ? I called out again .
Taylor was right behind me , and he waited as I turned the handle to her door and pushed it open .
As I stepped inside , my entire body froze .
Nan was lying on the ground , face down , in a pile of her own vomit .
N … Nan ?! I screamed as I rushed towards her , tears flowing down my cheeks .
Holy fuck , Taylor breathed as he grabbed his phone from his coat pocket .
Im calling 911 and Ill make sure my mate meets us at the hospital .
Nan ….
I cried , barely paying attention to a thing Taylor was saying .
I turned her over to see that she was so very pale .
I grabbed her wrist to check for a heartbeat and I was relieved to see that there was one .
Nan … hold in … I cried .
Its going to be okay .
We are going to get you some help .
###Take 245
oveldrama
Chapter 0245
Judy’s POV
With Taylor’s help, the ambulance arrived in no time. I went with Nan to the hospital, and I sat in the waiting room while Taylor made some phone calls. My entire body was trembling and tears spilled out of my eyes. If only 1 had come check on her sooner. I didn’t see any physical wounds on her, besides the fact that she was so pale, and she had dark circles under her eyes. There weren’t any drug bottles, only beer bottles and only assortments of liquor. I wasn’t sure what could be wrong, but I was terrified.
I was thankful when I saw Elizabeth here as soon as we arrived. She assured me that she would personally look after my friend. After a quick kiss to Taylor, she left behind the EMTs who brought Nan into the emergency room. I’m not sure how long we sat in the waiting room, but soon, Taylor joined me once again.
“You don’t have to stay,” I told him. “I’m sure you are busy.”
He shrugged one shoulder and leaned back in his seat.
“Well, part of my job right now is to look after you. So, that’s what I intend to do,” he told me. I glanced at him and I could see that he was serious.
“Why would you have to look after me?” I asked him.
“Gavin is held up at work right now. He’s been behind on important matters while he cared for his daughter. Now that Alpha Levi is in the pack… there’s stuff he needs to deal with,” Taylor explained.
The way he explained this to me, made me wonder if he knew the truth about my relationship with Gavin. Had Gavin told him that we were sleeping together? Taylor didn’t look at me, instead, he was looking in front of him on the ground.
“I wasn’t really expecting Gavin to be here,” I murmured after a short pause.
“He wanted to be,” Taylor told me. “But instead, he told me to stay with you and to report anything I can.”
I nodded, chewing on my bottom lip. I wasn’t sure what to say to that; my relationship with Gavin had seemned rocky lately considering he was barely ever around anymore. He ignored me when he was around, so it surprised me to think that he even cared a little about what was going on right now. Maybe he was just putting on a show for Taylor or something.
The door of the emergency opened, and Eliza walked into the room. She looked tired and a bit distant, but when she saw her mate seated in the waiting room, her expression softened, and she looked a bit more relaxed. Sensing his presence helped her, Taylor immediately stood and went to his mate.
I watched him wrap her in his arms and hold her close. It made my heart squeeze to see them together; that was what a true mate looked like. Someone who cared and loved you no matter what. Someone who would be there for you during your darkest days. Someone you always wanted to be with, even when you are busy.
Eliza looked at me and I could see a little sadness in her eyes; it made the knot in my stomach tighten.
“She has alcohol poisoning,” Eliza told me, making me suck in a sharp intake of breath. “One or more of the drinks she had was expired. I just booked an OR, so I’m going to personally pump her stomach. Thankfully, you got her here when you did. She has a 90% chance of making it through.”
I let out a breath of relief.
“Thank Goddess…” I whispered.
“I’m about to do the surgery in a few minutes. I just wanted to update you. I’ll let you know in a couple of hours how she pulls through.”
I nodded and leaned back in my seat, taking in a deep breath.
Taylor kissed his mate tenderly, saying something to her that I wasn’t paying attention to. She chuckled and kissed him back with her own reply. After a minute, they parted ways. Taylor returned to me and sat down.
“Would you like to stay, or shall I take you home?” He asked.
I shook my head; I didn’t want to go home. I would be too lost in thought to go home and plus I might kill Chester for driving my sweet Nan into drink mode. If it weren’t for him, this would have never happened. I knew it wasn’t fair to blame him, but at the same time, I couldn’t really help it.
“Can we go to the villa? I still have to tutor Matt,” I told him.
###Take 246
Chapter 0246
He thought about it for a moment before he nodded.
“Yeah, sure,” he said as he helped me to my feet.
Soon, we were back in his car and driving silently to the Villa. So much had happened today and I was itching to tell Gavin all about it. I wanted to tell him about the Gamma Cup Competition, and I also updated him about Nan. However, when I got to the Villa, I was disappointed to find that he wasn’t there.
Third Person POV
Irene glanced at her phone with a frown. It’s been almost 2 days and Ethan had barely spoken to her. What was his problem? She had been in the hospital for a little over a day and when she returned home, she was hoping Ethan would want to see her and spend time with her, but he hasn’t. She had to admit, she was clinging to her father mainly to get him away from Judy, but also she used him as a distraction.
She had noticed that her father was distant this past day or so though; ever since she made him stay home when he had that date with Judy… he hadn’t smiled much. It kind of made Irene feel bad about it. She decided it was a good idea to just let him go today. He wanted to spend the day at his office, especially with Alpha Levi Churchill in the territory.noveldrama
She knew her father needed a distraction too.
Irene has had enough though; she has had enough of being ignored and waiting for Ethan to call her. She had had enough of him ignoring her calls and not texting her back. She was going to his house and finding out where the hell her fiancé was.
As she walked down the stairs, she saw Beta Taylor in the foyer speaking with the butler, Adarn. She got a whiff of Judy’s perfume, and she scowled. Judy was here… Irene’s efforts weren’t working. Judy was still coming around even if it was clear she wasn’t wanted. She decided to put that on the back burner for right now and smiled up at Taylor who had noticed her walking down the stairs.
“I’m stepping out for a few,” she told him.
“Do you need a ride?” He asked.
Irene shook her head.
“I’ll just take my car,” she told him as she skipped past him.
She also said goodbye to Adam and then hurried out the front door. It took a little over 30 minutes to get to Ethan’s house. She had to through the Redmoon border patrol, but as soon as they saw that it was Irene, they let her go through without any further questions.
Once she reached Ethan’s large home, she noticed a car parked out front. However, it didn’t belong to Ethan. Ethan’s car wasn’t in his driveway. She parked the car in front of the house and got out, staring up at the large and beautiful house his parents had bought for him. Just as she was about to walk up to the front door, she paused when she saw a woman standing at the side door. From the back, the woman had an uncanny resemblance to Judy. She had the same hair color, hairstyle, and the same body shape. She even wore similar clothing.
She had her arms wrapped around her body like she was trying to hold herself together.
Irene’s brows furrowed together as she stared at this woman’s back. The woman lifted her fist like she was about to knock but then dropped her hand again. How did she know that Ethan used the side door as the front door? Unless she had been here before.
Irene glanced at the car and her brows furrowed even more. She had seen that car around before, but never thought much of it. She only remembered it because her license plate had “Stacy” on it.
Was that this woman’s name?
The woman, presumably Stacy, sighed and then she turned around, freezing when she saw Irene.
Irene’s eyes widened, and even her face looked very similar to Judy’s; except her eye color was different and her cheekbones were a bit higher. Her face was also a bit rounder, but it was a strange resemblance.
Stacy’s lips parted when she saw Irene. It was clear she had been crying and Irene wanted to say something to her, but Stacy didn’t’ give her a chance.
“I… I’m sorry. I was just leaving,” she said quickly, her cheeks growing redder by the second.
She quickly hurried over to her car before Irene could utter a single word. Within a second, she was gone.
###Take 247
Chapter 0247 Judys POV My phone rang , interrupting my sparring lessons with Matt 1 grabbed my phone out of my gym bag that sat under a tree When I looked at the caller ID , my heart was in my throat .
It was Eliza at the hospital .
With a racing heart , I swiped the green talk button and pressed the phone to my cheek .
Hello ? I said , trying not to sound as nervous as I felt .
Hey , Judy .
Its Elizabeth , she said on the other end .
Im calling regards to Nan Rugby .
Hi … I said , swallowing the lump in my throat .
Is everything okay ? Yes , everything is great .
She pulled through nicely .
Shes awake now and is on antibiotics .
She will be leaving tomorrow afternoon to return home .
Will you be able to escort her ? Of course , I said quickly .
Ill be there tomorrow .
Thank you so much .
Of course .
Im glad I could help her , Eliza said thoughtfully .
See you tomorrow .
With that , she hung up .
I let out a breath I hadnt known I was holding .
Everything okay ? I spun around when I heard a nearby voice , my heart hammering against my chest .
My eyes grew wide when I saw Gavin walking towards me .
I didnt even know he returned home and when his eyes found mine , a small smile tipped the corner of his lips .
I could see concern in his eyes as he studied my face , but for the most part , he kind of looked pleased to see me .
Was I being ridiculous to think for a minute that maybe he was pleased to see me ? Maybe this was more than what I initially thought it was ? I mean , we had barely seen each other in days … this was the first time we were able to actually speak to one another , so maybe I was a fool .
Yeah , I managed to squeak out as I shoved my phone into my pocket .
It was just Elizabeth … Hows Nan doing ? He asked , stopping only an inch away from me.
I heard she had food poisoning My cheeks flushed ; did he check up on Nans condition ? Or maybe Taylor had told him .
I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded .
Yeah , she did .
But Eliza said shes going to be fine .
She made it out of surgery and shes awake .
Shes resting now and should be ready to come home tomorrow .
He nodded thoughtfully You should have her stay with you at the mansion , he suggested , surprising me .
She lives alone , right ? Maybe it would help her to be close to someone in case she needs something .
I thought about it for a minute ; I wasnt sure if Nan would even want to stay at the mansion with Chester being there .
He was the reason she was driven to drink in the first place .
I didnt want to tell Gavin that information though because it wasnt my story to tell and plus , I didnt want to get Chester in trouble .
So , I pressed my lips together and nodded .
Ill ask her , I told him .
Chapter 0247 He gave me a small nod , his eyes never leaving mine .
After a heartbeat of silence , Gavin cleared his throat and shifted in his shoes, almost looking uncomfortable and a little boyish .
It was oddly cute and I had to bite my lower lip to keep from smiling up at him .
So , Ive been thinking and- He started to say , but he was interrupted by another presence nearby .
Daddy ! We both turned to see Irene walking towards us .
I had to stifle a groan ; I should have known she wouldnt be far behind .
If Gavin was talking to me , Irene was bound to interrupt .
Thats all she seemed to do lately .
She was determined to make it so I got zero alone time with her father … and it was working .
My chest tightened at the sight of her ; I expected her to look at me with smugness like she normally does , but when I saw her red face and puffy eyes , my heart dropped .noveldrama
Something was seriously wrong this time ; she didnt look comfortable , and she didnt look pleased that she was biterrupting us .
She had her arms wrapped around her body like she was trying to hold herself together and a tear slipped out of one of her eyes .
She quickly wiped it away with her fingers and sniffled , her eyes shifting downward .
Chapter 04 +
###Take 248
Chapter 0248 Gavin noticed how upset she was too , and his slightly annoyed expression shifted to worry as he turned to fully face his daughter .
Whats wrong ? Gavin asked , narrowing his eyes at her .
She sniffled .
C.
Can I talk t to you … ? She asked , her voice hoarse .
She glanced at me briefly before looking up at him .
Alone .
Gavin was tense , but he nodded at her without hesitation .
Yeah , of course , Sweetie , he told her .
.
He motioned for her to head towards the house and she nodded , giving me one last look before she turned and walked away , leaving me alone with Gavin for a brief moment .
He turned to look at me , but I could tell he was already gone .
Go on , I told him , giving me a reassuring smile .
Its okay .
Be with your daughter .noveldrama
I should get going anyways .
He nodded .
Okay , he told me .
Ill see you later ? I nodded , forcing a smile on my lips .
He didnt seem to notice my fake smile or the pain in my voice .
Instead , he hurried after his daughter , and 1 stood staring after him feeling like a complete idiot .
Later , when I returned to the mansion , I could hear a couple of voices in the kitchen , and they sounded tense .
One was yelling and the other was monotone and almost cold .
The one yelling was female and I would bet my left breast that it was Harper , The other one , Im fairly certain was Chester .
As I neared the kitchen doors , their voices became clearer to me and I froze before I opened the door .
You knew her for like 2 seconds and you barely even spoke to her , Harper hissed .
Are you seriously considering throwing me away for a tramp you just met  Dont call her that , Chester said , sounding tired .
I knew this conversation had to have been going on for a while .
We were never an item , Harper .
We were only having fun .
I thought you understood that .
I understood that we were having fun , but I thought we were building something more , Chester , she said .
through her teeth .
I thought you cared about me .
Of course , I care about you , Chester sighed .
But Im not in love with you .
Im sorry if you thought that I was but I dont think … I know , Harper said , sounding so sure of herself , I was kind of envious of her confidence .
Harper … m not giving up on us , Harper continued .
I love you and I always have .
I loved you the second I met you .
We are meant to be together .
So , what if we arent fated mates , we can create our own fates .
Isnt that what life is all about ? The Goddess gave us the gift of free will and free choice … we can choose our own destinies , and I choose you , Chester .
I pushed the door open slightly to peek inside and I saw that she was standing impossibly close to him .
She put her hand on his arm , and I could see him tensing from her touch .
He stared down at her and she batted her long 1/2 lashes at him , parting her pink and glossy lips slightly .
us Nothing is going to happen between is again , he told her firmly , narrowing his eyes at her .
She dropped her hands to her sides and clenched her fists .
Well see about that , she muttered .
She didnt stick around to hear his response .
She quickly turned away and left through the back entrance .
Chester sighed and leaned against the counter as if holding up his own weight had become a chore to him .
I didnt linger in the doorway for much longer ; I pushed the door , startling him .
Sorry, I said , holding up my hands to show that I was unarmed .
I come in peace .
He sighed when he realized it was only me and he rested his hip against the counter , folding his arms across his chest .
Did you hear any of that ? He asked me .
###Take 249
Chapter 0249 I nibbled on my lower lip and nodded ; I didnt want to lie to him .
Yes , I admitted .
Are you okay ? He studied me for a moment , his eyes scanning my face to find out if I truly cared or not if he was okay .
Once he got the answer he needed , he let out a breath .
Yeah … shes going to make things complicated , he murmured .
She cant take no as an answer .
You did right by telling her there wasnt a chance , I told him .
No good would come from leading her on .
He nodded .
Yeah , I truly dont want to hurt anyone .
Im always upfront about my intentions .
I never thought that I would ever find my mate though … truthfully , I didnt think I even wanted a mate .
And now ? I prodded .
He was quiet for a moment , his eyes shifting from my face to the ground .
Im still not sure , he admitted .
But the second I saw her .
I knew I needed to see her again .
I cant let her go without talking to her first .
Harper was right , I dont know her .
I havent truly spoken to her .
If I let her go … it reject her … I would always regret not talking to her first .
I stared at him for a moment , trying to process his words .
Then , I nodded .
Okay … so what do you suggest ? I asked him .
Do you think you can have her come here ? He asked .
Maybe tonight ? I can talk to her and then we can decide together what to do .
I think I owe it to her to at least talk to her and include her in this decision after all .
Rejection could destroy her and her wolf if we arent on the same page about things .
I bit my lower lip , my heart aching for my best friend .
I agree that you owe that much to her , I told him .
But its going to have to wait until shes feeling up for it .
Shes in the hospital until tomorrow .
Chesters eyes shot to me and I watched as his face paled .
W … what ? He asked , straightening his body .
What are you talking about ? Shes in the hospital , I repeated , folding my arms across my chest .
She spent the last few days drinking and then one of the beers she had was expired .
She got alcohol poisoning .
She had surgery earlier and now shes recovering .
I swear , Chester stopped breathing as he stared at me .
After what felt like a long time , I waved my hand in front of his face , he blinked a few times as if he was now just remembering where he was .
I need to see her , he said as he rushed past me .
Woah there , I said , grabbing his arm .
I think shes been through enough , Chester .
He whipped around to face me , his wolf at the surface and his eyes wild .
What ? He asked .
1/2 Chapter 02409 I said , shes been through enough .
Let her rest , I repeated .
Ill bring her here tomorrow and then you can talk .
But for now , just let it go .
He stared at me for a moment longer and I thought he was poing to resist my request and leave .
But he surprised me by relenting .
He sighed and dropped his hands , groaning softly .
I patted him on the back .
Get some sleep , I told him .
Because tomorrow , we are going to get Nan from the hospital .
And you sir , are : driving .noveldrama
###Take 250
Chapter 0250 Third Person POV Nan felt ridiculously embarrassed about getting alcohol poisoning She had spent days locked up in her one bedroom apartment , shielding away from the world , drinking , Shes been ignoring her best friend completely and she felt bad about that .
She felt even worse when she found out that it was her best friend who found her in that state and brought her to the hospital .
Her stomach twisted as the fiddled with the blanket that covered her .
She had a slight headache and a stomach .
Not to mention a broken heart .
Good morning , Nan , one of the nurses sald as she walked into the room .
How are you feeling today ? Nan recognized her as the nurse who assisted her last night .
She looked tired , mostly finished up with her overnight shift Like I just got my stomach pumped , Nan murmured , touching her fingers to her belly and wincing at the tender wound .
Your wolf should heal you in no time , the nurse assured her .
You drank so much that even your wolf was a little intoxicated .noveldrama
Thats quite impressive .
Nan thought about all she had to drink , and she shuddered .
She felt guilty about doing that to her own wolf, but she just needed to numb away the pain for a little while .
Her wolf was also in agony over the fact that their mate was a total playboy .
First , he took Becky out on a date , and now he was making out with someone in the kitchen of Gavin Landrys mansion .
He knew Judy because he was in the mansion shed been living at .
Why would Judy keep something like this from her ? Then , Nan felt stupid for that thought .
Why would Judy tell her anything about Chester ? She had no idea that he was her mate .
I wanted to give you this number , the nurse said , handing Nan a small note .
On the paper , it said : Dr.
Hoover , along with their phone number .
Who is this ? Nan asked , peeking up at the nurse .
Dr.
Hoover is a psychiatrist and shes one of the best , the nurse said , surprising Nan .
I dont need a psychiatrist , Nan said , trying to give the nurse the note back but the nurse only shook her head and waved off her concern .
Something drove you to drink so much that you nearly killed your wolf in the process , the nurse told her , her frown deepening .
When you came in yesterday , your wolf was so weak , I didnt think she was going to make it through .
You really should talk to someone about whatever you are going through .
You were found alone and Im worried that it could kill you and your wolf if it happens again .
Nan wanted to tell her that it wasnt the drinking that almost killed her wolf .
It was the fact that she was heartbroken over their mate .
It made her weaker and she was caught off guard ; there was nothing more to it .
But she was also embarrassed over the fact that she was basically rejected without the actual words being said .
Nan pressed her lips in a thin line and forced a small smile at the nurse to show her that she was truly okay .
But even she knew it didnt reach her eyes , and it only made the nurse more concerned .
Chapter 0250 Thanks , Nan finally said , putting the phone number on the small table next to the bed .
The nurse nodded and gave her a reassuring smile .
Youll be getting discharged today .
I already called your friend , Judy .
Shes going to come and get you .
Nan glanced up at the woman .
You called Judy ? She asked .
She wasnt sure she could face her best friend right now , but she knew she had to get home somehow and if she were to call anyone herself , it would also be Judy .
Yes , the nurse said simply .
She was adamant that she be the first that I call once you are ready to be discharged .
Plus , she had Gavin Landry on her side , and I couldnt deny him even if I wanted to .
Gavin knew about this too ? Could this get any worse ? Without another word , the nurse left , leaving Nan alone with her thoughts .
She stared up at the ceiling , feeling a bit dizzy and overwhelmed .
She could feel her wolf stirring around inside of her , she was still heartbroken and couldnt seem to stop thinking about their mate .
Her wolf was healing her wound , despite the pain she faced and within the next hour , it didnt feel as if her stomach had been pumped at all .
She sighed in relief , finally feeling strong enough to stand up .
She stood to her feet , nearly falling over in the process .
She just wanted to use the bathroom and brush her teeth .
She felt disgusting and needed a little normalization in her life .
She noticed a small bag of her things , which included extra clothes , undergarments , and toiletries .
She knew her toothbrush must be in the mix as well ; this to go bag had Judy written all over it .
She smiled at the thought of her friend caring for her while she was out of it .
She truly didnt deserve such a great friend .
###Take 251
Chapter 0251 She grabbed the bag and went into the bathroom .
As predicted , the found her toothbrush and a tube of toothpaste She quickly brushed her teeth and then finished doing her business .
She washed her face , grateful that judy remembered her face wash as well .
Once she was finished , she quickly put on a pair of jeans and a T shirt , throwing her hospital gown in the hospital laundry basket that sat in the comer of the bathroom.
Once she was finished , she could hear some voices in the room .
She thought maybe Judy had arrived and was speaking to one of the nurses She braced herself for what she was about to walk into , she was embarrassed , especially in front of Judy .
But she knew she had to face her at some point and delaying it would only make things worse .
She grabbed the door handle and pushed the door open , stepping into the room .
Her wolf immediately stood to attention when they caught wind of something familiar .
A mouthwatering scent that nearly made Nans legs weak Judy tumed to face her , a smile spreading across her lips and relief clear in her eyes .
Oh , there you are , Nan .
I thought you tried to run away , lady chucked , holding her arms out to hug Nanan immediately opened her own arms and collected Judy in her arms .
Judy was a bit shorter than Nan , so she rested her chin on Judys head .
Im sorry I scared you , Nan whispered .
s okay , Judy said , stepping back to study Nan .noveldrama
You look well .
Did your wolf heal you ? Yes , Nan said , patting her belly .
All healed and ready to get out of here .
Judy nodded and then turned towards the presence lurking in the doorway .
Are you seriously just going to stand there ? Judy asked , folding her arms across her chest .
Nan peeked over in the direction Judy was looking in and her heart stuttered .
Her breath got caught in her throat and she suddenly felt weighed to the ground .
Standing at the doorway was her mate .
He was staring at Nan with his pale blue eyes and a worried expression on his face as he studied her .
Her entire body was heated under his scrutiny .
Oh , my Goddess , Judy groaned marching over to him and grabbing his arm .
She yanked him through the doorway and into the room , closer to Nan .
Stop being so weird , Chester .
Chester .
That was her mates name .
Nan heard Judy saying something about Chester being her chef at the mansion .
So , that meant , her mate worked for the Landrys as a chef .
Her heart skipped a beat at the thought of finding out this information about her own mate .
She had always wanted to be a chef as well .
It was one of her main goals and something she was studying in school She cursed the Goddess for this cruel twist of fate .
Ir Im sorry to just drag him here , Judy said , eyeing Nan can fully .
But I really think you two should talk There was no doubt in Nans mind that Judy knew that Chester was her mate .
She felt even more embarrassed now .
Does Chester know that Nan had alcohol poisoning ? Did he know that she nearly drank herself to death ? Heat attacked her cheeks , and she wanted the ground to open and swallow her entirely .
He gave me a ride here .
I can always find a new ride and Chapter 0251 No ! Nan said , almost too quickly .
Please , dont leave me alone with him … Nan noticed the hurt that flashed in Chesters eyes , but she ignored it , turning to face her best friend .
Judy looked just as surprised , but she nodded and gave Nan a reassuring smile .
How about you come over ? Judy suggested .
That way I can keep an eye on you .
Nan wanted to tell her that she would be fine returning to her apartment , but truth be told , she really didnt want .
to be alone .
Okay , Nan relented .
Do you think we can talk later ? Chester finally asked , breaking the silence between them .
His voice was smooth and it warmed Nans insides .
But then the memory of him with those other women clouded her mind and that hurt returned in a second .
I think youve said all you needed to say , Nan said as she grabbed her belongings , her eyes anywhere but on her mate .
Unless you plan to reject me later , then I dont think we have much to say to each other .
Then she paused and glanced up at him , her heart in her throat , a question on her lips she knew she needed to ask .
Chester ? Do you plan to reject me ,
###Take 252
Chester didnt bother answering her question ; I think he wie too stunned to even speak .
He wasnt prepared for Nan to ask that , and he wasnt prepared to make that kind of decision .
Despite her trying to keep the pain out of her eyes and voice , it was still there .
It was clear to me , and it was probably clear to Chester as well .
The car was quiet ; Nan refused to sit in the front seat , so I sat in the front seat while Chester drove .
He kept stealing glances at Nan through the rearview mirror and she was trying everything she could to not meet his eyes , but I knew she could feel his gaze on her for most of the drive .
Chester parked his car in his usual parking space on the side of the mansion and waited a moment before turning off the engine .
Nan didnt waste any time .
The second the car was in park , she was jumping out of the vehicle .
I waited a moment to see what Chester would do , secretly hoping that he would go after her .
But he just watched her as she hurried towards the front door .
She hates me , he whispered , his eyes clouded .
She doesnt hate you .
Its not possible .
Shes your mate , I assured him .
Give her some time .
How much time ? He asked , pulling his eyes away from the now closed door to the mansion and turning to face me .
She wont even look at me , Judy .
Ive never seen you so torn up about a woman before , I teased , trying to lighten the mood .
It was no secret that Chester was a playboy .
He liked having fun ; almost every weekend hes out with another woman and it drives Harper crazy .
When he is home , hes either in the kitchen cooking or in Harpers room .
I always thought that once Chester decided to get his head out of his ass , it would be Harper that he settles down with .
Im sure Harper was feeling the same way , at least she had hoped that it would be her that he settled down with .
None of us predicted that he would find his mate and I certainly didnt predict that it would end up being my best friend .
What do you plan on doing ? I finally asked .
Chester sighed and stared down at his hands .
I dont know , he admitted after a short pause .
Are you going to reject her ? A low growl escaped his lips before he could stop himself and for a second , his wolf flashed in his eyes .
One thing was for sure , the thought of rejection upset his wolf .
So , it was clear that his wolf wanted his mate , it was the man who Wasnt sure .
I dont know … Chester repeated .
I never thought I would ever have a mate .
I never thought Id have to make such a decision .
Well , you better make it fast before you lose her forever , told him as I pushed the car door open .
You already broke her heart .
Either rip the band aid all the way off or you better start patching her back together .
I hate seeing Chapter 0252 her like this , Chester , and I hate that its you thats making her like this .
Without another word , I left the car .
I quickly hurried towards the mansion and inside .
I looked around the vast space in search of Nan .
She went upstairs , one of the maids answered my unspoken question .
I smiled gratefully at her and hurried up the stairs and into my room .
Sure enough , Nan was curled up on my bed , a pillow pressed to her chest and tears streaming down her cheeks .
How long have you known ? Nan asked without even looking at me .
I stepped further into the the door behind me .
room a and closed Known what ? I asked , playing stupid .
That Chester was my mate , Nan asked , rolling her tear filled eyes .
You clearly know the truth .
I sighed and nodded .
After you left the other day , I told her , biting my lower lip .
I figured it out because of how Chester was acting .
She nodded and turned her face to look up at me ; her face was red and blotchy from crying .
I always wanted to find my mate , I just didnt think he would end up being such a playboy , she murmured I sat down on the bed beside her .noveldrama
Chester isnt so bad once you get to know him , I told her , Yeah , he has his moments .
But hes a really nice guy .
He went on a date with Becky from my favorite boutique , Nan muttered .
Thats how I met him the first time .
I swallowed , remembering that Nan mentioned meeting her mate .
But she was intoxicated when she told me that and never actually went into details .
I also remember Nan mentioning going into the city to get a dress for the frat party we went to .
My stomach twisted .
She met Chester that night and thats what drove her to drink so much during the party .
He saw me , and I knew he recognized me as his mate just as I recognized him , she continued, more tears spilling down her cheeks .
But he still left with her .
He chose her over me … Im sure it wasnt like that , I said , trying to reason with Her .
He was probably just in shock , and he also made a commitment to someone else that night .
He most likely didnt want to just leave he
###Take 253
pter 0253 So , instead , he left me ? His mate ? Nan asked , her eyes growing wide as she stared up at me .
How does that make sense , Judy ? I was quiet for a moment , not really sure how to answer her I dont know , I admitted .
Its all too much right now .
Im sorry you have to deal with this .
She sighed and threw the pillow to the side .
I just dont want to think about it anymore , she said , shaking her head as she wiped at her eyes .
Lets talk about you instead .
1 smiled .
What about me ? I asked .
She rolled her eyes .
Oh , please .
Im not stupid , Judy .
You are living in his mansion .
You already told me youve been sleeping -together , but I think theres more to it .
You have actual feelings for him and its obvious he has feelings for you too .
What are you talking about ? I asked , feeling heat creeping across my cheeks .
We are just having a bit of fun .
We both agreed its just a show .
Its not that serious .
A bit of fun ? Seriously , Judy ? Hes letting you live in his mansion , she said , waving around at the vast space .
You are pretty much a princess right now .
I couldnt help but laugh .
Im not a princess , I said , swatting at her arm .
And Gavin has barely been here in the last few days .
I couldnt keep the bitterness out of my tone as I spoke ; the smile slowly faded from my lips .
What do you mean ? Nan asked with a frown .
Is everything okay ? I shrugged and nibbled on my lower lip .
I dont know , I admitted .
One minute he cant get enough of me and the next , he doesnt want to spend any time with me .
He keeps canceling our plans whenever Irene cries for him .
Irene is causing problems again ? Nan asked , her brows raised .
I nodded and then I sighed .
Shes his daughter , so I cant fault him for choosing her .
But its just constant .
Every time shes in a bad mood or has sniffles , he cancels our plans to tend to her .
I havent seen him in days and when I do see him while Im tutoring Matt , he blows me off .
Claiming hes too busy to talk .
I dont even think hes sleeping at the villa .
Which makes me wonder wheres been sleeping if not at the Vill and not- with me .
I was rambling , but I couldnt help myself .
I was so confused about what was happening that it was making the words spill from my mouth .noveldrama
Hes Gavin Landry .
Hes probably just busy , Nan suggested , a worried frown marring her lips .
Im sure its .
hothing to worry too much about .
Dont stress over it .
I could say the same to you , I teased .
You are worried about your mate , and Im worried about a guy Im sleeping with .
What happened to us ? ~ Chapter 0253 Is this what growing up is ? Nan asked , her nose crinkling Because I dont like it .
Too many emotions .
I laughed and wrapped an arm around her as she rested her head on my shoulder .
Im not a fan either , I admitted .
But I dont think what Im doing is grown up .
This is my own fault for thinking I can separate my feelings .
Nan sighed .
I wish I could separate my wolf from me sometimes because its her feelings that Im conflicted over , she admitted .
I knew exactly how she felt ; when Ethan left me for Irene , wanted nothing to do with him .
I wanted to walk away , but my wolf was the one who kept me grounded and waiting for him to come around .
She held onto the hope that our mate would return , but I didnt want him to return after what he did .
Our wolves only know one thing and thats our mates belong to us and only us … they would never want another .
Focusing on Nan and Chester was a good distraction from my own problems .
I should tell you something , I told her , breaking the long stretch of silence .
She lifted her head to look at me .
You can tell me anything , she assured me with a warm smile .
It was nice to see her smiling again , despite all she had gone through these last few days .
I was nominated to participate in the Gamma Competition Her eyes grew wide .
Judy , thats incredible ! She gasped .
Congratulations ! Thats everything youve wanted ! Thanks , I said .
This was the first time I said these words out loud to anyone .
I wanted Gavin to be the first one 1 told , but hes been MIA for days .
Its across the country , so Ill be gone for a few weeks .
Her face fell suddenly .
Oh , she breathed .
So , youre leaving ? I nodded , nibbling on my lower lip ..
I leave next week , I admitted .
She nodded , her shoulders sagging .
Im going to miss you .
Im not sure what Ill do without out , she murmured .
But maybe some time away would do you some good .
That was when I had an idea .
Yeah , it would , I told her , then I turned to look at her .
And it would do you some good too .
Come with me .
###Take 254
Chapter 0254 Judys POV You want me to go with you  Nan asked , her eyes wide I nodded .
Yes , I told her .
We would only be gone for a few weeks .
And I think it would do us both some good to get away for a bit .
Are you sure ? She asked , worry and fear in her eyes .
I dont want to impose .
I You could never impose , Nan , I assured her .
Plus , I dont want to go alone .
A grin spread across her lips .
I do have a ton of PTO I havent used , she told me .
And its during school vacation so you wont be missing anything , I told her , nudging her gently .
Come on , Nan .
Say yes .
She laughed and then nodded .
Okay , yes ! For the remainder of the night , we talked about everything we had missed these last few days .
It was nice to have my best friend back , and the more we talked and planned for our getaway , the more excited we both became .
I read to her the email that I received about the place where the competition is being held .
Its a tropical location and it looked so nice .
We were staying at a nice resort , completely paid for by the sponsors of the event .
The only thing Nan needed to do was get a plane ticket and a new bathing suit Thankfully , the seat right next to me was available and she was able to book the seat without any issues before the night ended .
Chester hadnt bothered us for the rest of the night , and I couldnt help but wonder if he was okay .
I went to check on him at some point during the night while Nan slept , but he wasnt in the kitchen and one of the night warriors mentioned seeing him leaving not too long after we returned .
I figured he needed some space , so I left him alone for the night .
Nan ended up leaving early in the morning so she could get home and shower before her late morning classes .
I walked down the stairs and into the kitchen only to find Chester and Harper in a heated argument .
How could you choose her over me ? Harper asked through her teeth .
After all weve been through together ? Ive waited for you for long enough … I never asked you to wait for me , Chester said , shaking his head .
I thought you wanted to keep our relationship , and our work separate .
Why are you bothering me in the kitchen ? Because you wont talk to me otherwise , Harper cried .
Is not fair , Chester ! You arent acting fair , Harper , Chester said , turning to face her .
I found my mate .
You were once my friend , Harps .
You should be happy for me .
Im in love with you , Haper said , folding her arms across her chest .
I thought you were feeling something for me too .
But I guess I was wrong .
Η Look , I enjoyed hooking up .
But it cant happen again .
Not while Im trying to figure out what to do about my apter 1254 mate .noveldrama
Well , you have a bit of time to figure it out , I said , interrupting their conversation .
Harper tensed when I approached and then I sat at the counter , grabbing the coffer that Chester had waiting for me .
What do you mean ? Chester asked , a frown decorating his lips .
I was nominated for the Gamma Competitions , I told him after I took a sip of the coffee .
Im leaving in a week .
Its across the country and Ill be gone for a few weeks .
And what does that have to do with Nan ? Chester asked , His brows pinching together .
Shes coming with me , I answered .
His face paled immediately Shes what ? He asked , nearly shouting .
Why  She needed to get away and clear her head , so I suggested she come with me .
She bought her ticket last night .
I could see the struggle in Chesters eyes as he battled with his wolf .
for her own He didnt like the idea of his mate running away to a different country , but I think this would be good for her and soon , Chester will think so too .
Its whats best for the two of them as a pair .
They need to figure out their shit separately before they join together , So , you have time to figure it out , I continued .
Dont worry , Chester .
Ill take care of her .
He looked as if he wanted to argue , but he pressed his mouth in a thin line and nodded .
Deep down , he knew it was for the best .
I had never seen him look so serious before .
It made me chuckle .
I didnt have any classes today , so I went to the Landry Villa a bit early .
I was hoping to be able to speak with Gavin and tell him that I was leaving for the Gamma competition in a week .
A part of me hoped hed want to go with me as well , but there was another part of me that knew that he wouldnt .
Is Gavin here ? I asked the butler , Adam .
He shook his head .
He hadnt been here all night , he told me .
I think he spent another night at the office .
My heart fell into my stomach .
Why was he avoiding coming home ? Was it because of me ? Oh , I was going to tell him that Im going to be gone for a few weeks .
Im leaving next week for the gamma competition , I told him .
###Take 255
Chapter 0255 Adam narrowed his eyes .
Its kind of short notice , dont you think ? He asked , raising his brows .
1 folded my arms across my chest .
I didnt really have a lot of notice , I told him .
But this kind of a big deal .
I cant pass up the opportunity .
After a brief pause , Adam nodded .
Ill let the Alpha know , Adam said .
Hes finally allowing me to speak again .
Next week is school vacation so its not like Master Matthew needs a tutor during those weeks .
1 nodded and thanked him before going to search for Matt , However , I was stopped by Irene who hurried down the steps .
Her eyes were wet , and I knew she had been crying .
She froze when she saw me , and she wiped her eyes with the back of her hand .
Oh, Judy … she breathed .
You are early .
I didnt have much going on today , I admitted .
I figured Id come early and get a head start .
Things were strained between us no doubt ; I knew she no longer thought of me as a friend , and truth be told , after these last few weeks , I no longer thought of her as one either .
But something in my stomach twisted when I saw the pained look in her eyes and her pale features .
She was letting herself go ; it was clear from her weight loss that she hadnt been eating and shed been crying a lot .
I sighed , relenting .
Is everything okay , Irene ? I asked her , hating that I still cared so much .
She was quiet for a moment , shuffling in her feet before she lifted her gaze to meet mine .
Can I ask you something ? She asked me .
I nibbled my lower lip nervously as I nodded .
Of course , I replied .
What happened with you and Ethan ? I was surprised by her question and my brows raised .
What ? I asked her .
What happened ? She asked again .
Why did you break up ? Tell me the truth , Judy .
I thought about lying to her , knowing the truth would confuse and maybe even hurt her .
But the reason why Irene hated me so much was because I lied to her in the first place , and I didnt want to pile on more lies .
He cheated one me with you , I told her without batting an eye .
What ? She whispered ; her voice filled with horror .
He met you and your father at a conference , right ? I said with a shrug .
He fell in love with you , and he left me .
He and I were already marked and mated for two years at that point .
Every time hes with you , I can feel the pain of our bond severing .
It wont go away until he marks you , which wont happen until after you get married .
But yeah , thats what happened .
He met you , and he left me .
1/2 Chapter 0255 She let out a breath of air that Im sure shes been holding since she originally asked that question .
She looked so defeated and gutted by my confession .
I wanted to tell her the rest of the story , about how Ethan had been trying to get me to be his dirty little mistress because he wanted to have his cake and eat it too .
I wanted tell her that he didnt love her and was only using her to get close to her father .
I wanted to tell her how hes been blackmailing me and Im pretty sure hes the reason my father is in prison with loan sharks after him .
But my mouth was locked shut and I could get those words out .
She was going through enough right now and she didnt need all of that too .
Besides , its not like Im lying to her by not telling her that information .
I answered her question and thats all that was required of me at that moment .
Unless she asked anything more , I didnt need to tell her anything else .
Im sorry I had to be the one to tell you that , Irene .
And Im sorry I didnt tell you sooner , I told her , truly meaning that apology .
She didnt say anything ; she stared at a spot on the ground , completely unmoving .
Are you okay ? I asked after a long silence .
She blinked a few times as if she was remembering where she was .
Um , I dont know … she admitted in a hoarse whisper .
I had no idea … I sighed , hating that she was so upset and hated that I cared so much about it , but I couldnt help myself .
She was once my friend and she is Gavins daughter , there was a part of me that still felt connected to her .
1 I know I might be the last person you want to talk to .
But if you need anything , Im here , I told her , trying my best at a reassuring smile .
I turned to walk away , not sure what more to say and needing to find Matt for our daily lessons .
Plus , I didnt think Irene truly wanted to talk to me any further ; she was just in shock and once she recovered , she would remember that she thought of me as an enemy .noveldrama
I think hes cheating on me , she blurted , halting my steps completely .
###Take 256
Chapter 0256 Judys POV I was stunned by her words and 1 slowly turned to look at her .
She was looking anywhere but at me .
Her hands fidgeted with the ends of her blouse and her breathing was heavier than usual .
What ? I asked her , narrowing my eyes .
I think hes cheating on me , she repeated , her tone breathy .
I thought she was about to go into a panic attack .
I went to his house because I had barely seen him in days and there was a woman standing outside his house .
She looked like she was going to knock , but when she saw me , she left .
A woman ? I asked , my chest twisting Do you know who it was ? Irene shook her head .
No , Ive never seen her before .
What did she look like ? I asked .
Irene thought about it for a moment , a clouded expression falling over her face as realization consumed her .
She narrowed her eyes at me , that bitter look Ive gotten accustomed to these last few weeks returning to her face .
It was as if she had just remembered who she was speaking to and now her guard was back up .
The look was so deadly and out of pocket that I instinctively took a step back.noveldrama
She looked like you , she said bitterly .
I need to leave .
Without another word , she walked back up the stairs .
I frowned as I stared after her .
That was strange , I thought to myself .
I brushed the thought out of my head and spent the rest of the day with Matt , tutoring him and then giving him more combat and defense lessons .
I thought Gavin would have at least made one appearance today , but he didnt return to the Villa .
By the time I left for the evening , the sun had set , and I was exhausted .
Leroy was the one who brought me home ; when I asked him if he heard from Gavin , he gave me a vague answer and said that the Alpha had been busy and that I shouldnt worry too much about him .
Busy with what ? I asked him .
He didnt reply , which made me even more suspicious .
Could it be because there was someone else in his life ? Was he sleeping with another woman and now he was spending all his time with her ? 1 thought about Skyla ….
maybe he had decided to get with her after all .
The thought made me sick to my stomach .
A part of me wanted to go to his office and find out whats been going on and where hes been .
But another part of me didnt want to face the rejection that would inevitably come .
I decided to let it go for now and hoped that he would come to me when he was ready .
He didnt .
Its been a week , and he still hasnt come to me .
I was leaving tomorrow morning and Gavin still had no idea about it .
At least I didnt think he did .
Adam did say he 7/2 Chapter 0256 would tell Gavin , but I hadnt heard a thing from either of them ..
I spent the entire day packing and talking on the phone with Nan who was also packing .
She hadnt spoken to Chester since that awkward car ride home and Chester hadnt mentioned anything about it either .
Hes been quieter than usual , and he hasnt been spotted around Harper much .
They both drowned themselves in work and kept their heads down .
Irene hadnt spoken to me since last week ; shes been clearly avoiding me .
I wondered if she was embarrassed about what she had confessed to me .
Matt was upset when I told him that today would be our last training session for the next few weeks , but he was excited that I was nominated to participate in the Gamma competition , and he promised to watch me on TV when it was broadcast .
###Take 257
I had to admit , I was excited to be getting away for a few weeks and even more excited to be participating in this competition .
I was also incredibly nervous , which came to no surprise tehnyone .
This was everything I had wanted and worked towards for so long .
My future came down to this competition and I couldnt blow it .
My professors think that Im more than ready and my family and friends are all supporting me , but the one person I wanted to support me the most , was MIA .
My heart lurched at the thought of Gavin and how hes been avoiding me these last few weeks .
At least , thats what it seemed like .
As I was sparring with Matt , my thoughts got away from me .
I knew it was a bad idea to be sparring with him while my mind wasnt completely focused , but I told myself that it would be okay .
That I was good enough to still do my job .
It wasnt like me to make any mistakes , and I wasnt planning on doing so today .
However , I messed up greatly while showing him a new move Ive been working on with the bow and arrow .
My aim was completely off , and I didnt realize Matt had moved from his current position .
As soon as the arrow flew from the air and I saw Matt in sight , I screamed out for him to move .
But it was too late .
Mans scream pierced through the night air .
I dont remember running towards him , but soon , I was kneeling on the ground , grabbing at his leg which was now covered in blood with an arrow sticking out of it .
My fingers trembled as I attempted to stop the bleeding , too afraid to remove the arrow , not wanting it to further any damage .
I had never seen Matt cry and scream so much before but as I looked at his paling face , I saw streaks of tears washing over his features and his lips trembling as he grabbed a hold of me , not wanting me to leave him .
Thankfully , it was a flesh wound and despite not having a wolf yet , Matt would still heal fast from a wound like this .
But he still needed medical attention and fast .
Mathew !! I heard Irene screaming as she ran towards us .
How long had she been there for ? Before I could ask her , she shoved me away from Matt and I fell onto my backside , startled by her sudden force .
You bitch ! Look what you did to my brother ! I saw the whole thing !! You shot him !! N … no , I.
My voice faded .
I didnt know what to say .
Its not like I could deny it .
I wasnt paying attention and misaimed .
I shot Matt in the leg with an arrow .
It could have been so much worse than it was … it could have been deadly .
I was careless .
We need to get him to a hospital , Irene said , panic clear in her tone .
I reached into my bag and grabbed my phone ; I felt stupid for not doing this sooner , but everything happened so fast that I didnt have time to react properly .
My hands were covered in blood as I swiped across the scream and attempted to dial the emergency hotline .
I was numb to the world and barely even remembered the conversation that took place on the phone .
I was seated Chapter 0257 against a tree , my phone still in hand .
The call had ended , and I couldnt pull my eyes away from Matt and the blood that seeped into the ground beneath him .
Irene was holding him , attempting to stop the blood as well .
She too was afraid to pull the arrow out of his leg , but he was losing blood fast and he was getting paler with each breath he took .
###Take 258
Chapter 0258 Chapter 0258 I had no idea what to do at that moment ; I was helpless , and all my Gamma training had gone out the window .
What happened ? Gavin asked as he rushed towards us .noveldrama
I hadnt even known he was home .
He must have heard the commotion from inside .
He was by Matts side before I could blink .
He ripped off his shirt so he could use it to tie around the wound on Matts leg and stop the bleeding .
I blinked and saw that the arrow was on the ground now .
When did he remove the arrow ? He worked effortlessly as he tied the shirt around Matts leg It was Judys fault , Irene said through her teeth , pointing at me .
She did this .
She shot Matt .
Gavin finally turned to look at me as if he was just noticing me for the first time ; his eyes were dark , and his lips were pressed in a thin line as he fought to control his angry wolf .
He studied my face for a moment and then his eyes drifted across my body , noticing the blood on my shirt and hands .
Is I this true ? He asked me , his tone growly and sending a chill down my spine .
His gaze lifted and he met my eyes again .
I … I tried to speak , but my voice came out as a whisper and barely audible .
Yes , its true , Irene snapped .
I saw the whole thing .
She did this on purpose .
Shes dangerous , Daddy ! This is the second time Matt got hurt in her care !!! A low pro growl escaped Gavins throat ; I wasnt sure if he was growling at me or Irene , but his eyes never left mine .
Neither of us said anything but allowed Irenes words to sink in .
I could hear the sirens close by and I was relieved that they were finally there .
I want you to leave , he said after a short pause .
Dont come back .
His words were detached , and I could see the pure rage and hatred on his face .
I swallowed the lump in my throat ; he didnt have to tell me twice .
I quickly stood and wiped the tears out of my eyes .
I hadnt even realized I was crying until that moment .
Blood smeared on my cheeks as I did so , My entire body trembled .
He had never looked at me like that before .
My heart shattered in a million pieces and my wolf had her head buried in shame .
My legs wouldnt work ; I knew I needed to leave … but I couldnt will my legs to cooperate .
Im so sorry , I whispered to a trembling Matt who was clinging to Gavin with all his strength .
Im so sorry … I said again , not sur what more to say to him but needing him to know that this was a complete accident .
Yeah , it could have been worse , and he could have been killed , but he wasnt .
He was going to be okay and soon the ambulance would be here and take him to the hospital .
He was already getting some color back on his cheeks and his trembling wasnt as bad .
I opened my mouth to say something more .
Go ! Gavin barked , making me flinch and shut my mouth even further .
I felt his Alpha powers washing over me , which startled me because he had never used his Alpha powers on me before .
Despite my legs feeling wobbly , I had no other choice but to leave .
Without another word , I ran from the villa .
###Take 259
hapter 0259 Gavins POV Why are you avoiding going home ? Taylor asked , sitting in the seat in front of my desk .
Why do you think ? I asked , narrowing my eyes at my Bela He shrugged .
Its been over a week , and you are barely there , Taylor said .
Is it because of Judy ? I furrowed my brows .
I What ? No , of course not , I said shaking my head .
Why would I be avoiding Judy ? Because you hadnt been seeing her as often as you normally did , Taylor said , a sly smile creeping along his lips .
You can deny it all you want , but I know you go to the other mansion to see her .
Youve been sleeping with her ever since that gala .
I was there , remember ? You kicked me out of the car so you could fool around .
I sighed and leaned back in my chair .
Im not avoiding her .
I am keeping her at a distance though .
Irene made it clear that she didnt want me to see Judy .
So , youre doing this because Irene said so ? Taylor asked .
Im doing this out of respect for my family , I replied .
Judy knows my kids come first .
I assure you , theres no hard feelings .
And youre sure about that ? I was quiet for a moment , thinking about the look on Judys face every time I canceled plans these last couple of weeks .
My chest tightened at the thought of her disappointment .
I told Taylor my reasoning was because of Irene but that wasnt the full truth .
Sure , Irene made things a bit more difficult these last couple of weeks , but I could manage it .
My main concern was Levi Churchill being in my pack .
If he knew about my relationship with Judy , he would use that against me .
It was better if I kept away from her until he was gone .
Yes , Im sure , I murmured .
Okay , so if you arent staying away from your villa to avoid Judy .
Then why are you ? Taylor asked , raising his brows .
There must be more to the story .
Youve literally been sleeping here .
He glanced at the couch on the far side of the office which still contained my pillow and blanket .
He was right , I had been sleeping at my office .
I had been avoiding going home , but it wasnt because of Judy .
Irene has been impossible lately , I admitted .
Shes acting way needier than usual and Im not sure whats going on with her .
I just needed a break .
So , youre avoiding your own daughter ? Taylor asked .
Thats even worse .
I groaned .
Dont make me fire you , I warned .
He laughed .
You and I both know you wont , Taylor said as he stood to his feet .
Im going to leave for the night .
I have a date with my mate .
But let me leave you with some advice .noveldrama
o home , Gavin .
Deal with your shit and stop sleeping in your office .
Ill send another driver here to come get you After a minute , Taylor was gone , and I was left to think about what he had said .
I knew I couldnt stay in my office forever ; I did have children at home I needed to see and plus , maybe I should talk to Judy and tell her the reason .
why I had been so distant .
It wasnt because of her ; it was because I wasnt sure where she stood when it came to me and my children , not to mention the whole Levi thing .
just wanted to do what was best for everyone and right now , continuing our sexual relationship wasnt what was best .
It was confusing for everyone involved .
True to his words , Taylor sent Leroy to take me home .
The second I got home ; I heard screaming coming from the training grounds .
I ran as fast as I could and I saw Irene leaning over Matt , talking to him and trying to calm him .
But he was crying and there was blood everywhere .
###Take 260
Chapter 0260 1 was seeing fucking red ! Who had attacked my nephew ? My first thought was Levi ; had he somehow gotten access to my villa ? 1 ran towards him and fell to the ground beside him ; I didnt think I just acted .
It was a flesh wound ; after a quick examination of the arrow , I knew it would be safe to pull out as long as I stopped the bleeding right away .
That was exactly what I did ; 1 pulled my shirt off and used that as a bandage to keep him from bleeding out .
I could already hear the sirens in the far distance and knew they were heading in our direction .
As I worked on stopping the bleeding , I asked Irene what had happened and that was when she told me that it was Judy who shot Matt with the arrow .
That was when I noticed her for the first time ; Judy sat against the tree ; she was in a daze , staring at Matt with a clouded expression and blood all over her .
She met my eyes , tears in glistening in them .
Rage and disappointment .
That was how I was feeling as I stared into her eyes .
How could she let something like this happen ?! How dare she put Matthew in harms way like this .
I knew she couldnt have done this on purpose , but still .noveldrama
She was acting carelessly and now Matt was injured .
Yes , I knew he would be okay because it was only a flesh wound , and these arrows didnt contain any actual silver .
He would heal in no time with proper medical treatment , but Jody was supposed to protect him from this kind of thing .
It could have been so much worse if it shot anywhere else on his body .
I trusted her and she broke that trust .
I spoke without thinking ; I let my anger and rage take over completely and all I saw when I looked at her was red .
The EMTs quickly removed my shirt from around Matts leg and patched him with actual bandages .
They said that he wouldnt need to go to the hospital because he was already healing thanks to his Alpha bloodline .
They gave him some pain medication and told me that he would need to rest for a couple of days .
I carried a sleepy Matt , thanks to the pain medication , to his bedroom so he could sleep for the night .
He looked so pale and fragile at that moment .
My heart twisted painfully in my chest as I stared down at him .
He didnt deserve this , and I was furious that it had happened , but I also knew it wasnt on purpose .
Judy wouldnt have done this on purpose ; the expression she gave me when I ordered her to leave … she flinched as if she was afraid , I would hit her .
I needed to get to the bottom of what truly happened .
I knew Irene was downstairs , so I left Matts room and went straight for the parlor , following her scent .
Irene was seated on the couch with her arms wrapped around her body when I walked in .
She looked up at me and I could see the tears in her eyes .
Hows Matt ? She asked , nearly jumping off the couch .
Hes asleep .
But hes going to be fine .
He just needs to rest I told her .
She lowered herself back into the seat and sighed with relle 1/2 Chapter 0266 Thank goddess , she whispered , resting her head on the couch cushion behind her .
I sat beside her , both of us remaining quiet for a moment .
Im going ot be gone for a few weeks .
Im leaving tomorrow night , I told her .
She nodded .
The Gamma competition , right ? She asked .
I nodded .
Beta Taylor will remain here .
Hell take care of business and you two , I told her .
Dad , I dont need a babysitter , she said , rolling her eyes .
Itll still make me feel better knowing hes here to watch over you , I said .
Plus , with Matt recovering , you could use the extra help .
###Take 261
Chapter 0261 She nodded and stared down at her hands , tugging her fingers nervously .
I knew it was now or never , I needed to ask her the question weighing on my mind .
1 What exactly did you see earlier , Irene ? I asked .
You said you saw Judy shooting him ? She nodded and turned to face the .
She did it on purpose .
I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair .
I knew Judy and I knew she would never hurt spite .
She wouldnt do that , I murmured , shaking my head .
Irene folded her arms across her chest and glared at me .
She cant be trusted , Daddy , Irene stated simply .
What do you have against Judy ? She blinked a few times like she was trying to adjust her eyes .
What ? She asked .
Matt , especially out of You used to be friends , I reminded her .
Then you found out shes mated with your fiancé .
That cant be all that happened .
What do you have against her ? She was never my friend , Irene murmured .
She lied to me and betrayed me .
Her only crime was not telling you the truth about her and Ethans past .
She still wants him … Irene complained .
Ethan told me that- Ethan also lied to you , Irene , I told her firmly .
If you are to be mad at Judy , then you should be just as mad at him as well .
Its not fair to her that you are treating her like she did something wrong .
She didnt want to hurt you , thats why she didnt tell you .
Theres nothing more to the story than that .
But … she tried to say , but I held up my hand .
I need you to lay off her , Irene , I said , narrowing my eyes at my daughter .
Its not healthy for either of you to keep this grudge going .
Matt was injured badly- That wasnt my fault ! She said quickly .
Im not saying it was , but for right now , we need to start thinking about him and not about our selfishness , I told her .
Do you think you can get over yourself for the sake of your brother ? Hes going to need you these next few weeks while Im gone , and Id like to leave knowing your head is in the right place .
She sucked her bottom lip into her mouth and stared at the ground .
She said nothing for a while , but then she sighed and nodded Okay , she whispered .
So , tell me .
What did you see ? I asked again , hoping her answer would be different this time .
She was quiet for a moment , still fixing her eyes on the ground but then she lifted her gaze to look at mine , tears filling her blue eyes .
It was a mistake , she whispered .
Judy was the one who pulled the bow back and shot the arrow into his leg , but she was looking at the target .
Her timing was off … I dont think she would hurt him on purpose .noveldrama
12 Chapter 0261 I sighed and nodded ; I needed to speak to Judy and make sure she was okay .
Now that I knew with certainty that Matt was okay , my anger was subsiding and now all I felt was worried .
It was strange , but it was bubbling inside me and seconds away from boiling over .
Im going to sleep now .
Goodnight , Irene said as she left the parlor .
I grabbed my phone and dialed Judys number .
It went straight to voicemail ; that didnt surprise me .
So , I called Leroy instead .
I knew he must have taken her home .
Hello , Alpha , Leroy greeted me on the other end .
Leroy , I replied .
Has Judy made it home ? Yes , Leroy said .
But then she left again .
What do you mean she left ? I asked , my wolf officially on edge again .
I mean she got into another car , and it drove off .
Todays
###Take 262
Chapter 0262 Judys POV So , are you ever going to t me what happened ? Nan asked , eyeing me carefully from across the room .
I was helping her finish packing and then we were heading straight to the airport .
It was so early , the sun hadnt even woken yet .
I finished packing my things last night and then went straight to Nans apartment .
Thankfully , Nan came to pick me up , so I didnt have to tell Leroy where I was going .
I I Nope , I said , not bothering to look at her .
I knew if I did , would fold like a lawn chair .
At some p point , you have to tell me what happened , Judy , Nan said , stepping around me so she could look at my face .
You were devasted when I picked you up last night .
I nibbled on my lower lip .
The problem was , that I was embarrassed .
I was embarrassed about my mistake ; I was embarrassed that I put Matt in harms way .
I was embarrassed that Gavin kicked me out without hearing my explanation .
He Alpha commanded me to leave , and my body wouldnt be satisfied until we were far away .
Irene finally got what she wanted ; I was leaving .
Not right now , I finally conceded .
We have to go , or we are going to miss our flight , I told her .
She sighed but said nothing more .
Nan drove to the airport in her car .
The further we got away from the pack , the better .
I felt more at ease as she parked the car , and we shuffled our belongings inside the airport .
It was a busy morning at the airport ; most everyone in business attire , rushed towards their terminals to catch their last minute flights .
Nan and I seemed out of place in our yoga pants and sweatshirts .
I looked up at her and she gave me an identical look back , knowing we were both thinking just about the same thing We walked over to the bag checking station and got our backs checked .
I kept my backpack as a carry on and Nan had a small duffle bag as hers .
We thanked the woman at the counter and then I grabbed my plane ticket from my bag , glancing at the terminal number .
I think we are upstairs , I told her .
Nan nodded and after we went through security , we rushed up the stairs and towards our terminal number .
We have some time ; can we get coffee ? Nan asked , eyeing the coffee station as we passed .
Sure , I said , digging in my bag for my wallet .
Nan and I ordered our usual coffees before we headed towards our terminal .
I glanced at the time .
We werent scheduled to board for another 30 minutes , so at least we can relax now .
We sat down in one of the seats .
As we were sitting and waiting to be called , my eyes wandered over to a young girl who seemed slightly younger than me .
She had short blonde hair and pale green eyes .
She was thin and looked incredibly nervous .
The one thing that drew my attention was her Gamma sweatshirt .
Without saying a word to Nan , I stood up and walked over to her .
Nan followed after me .
Where are you going ? She asked , a frown decorating her lips .
1 stopped in front of the girl and gave her a warm smile as she startled and glanced up at me .noveldrama
1/3 Chapter 0262 Hi , I said to her .
Uh … hi … she said back , hesitantly , as she glanced between Nan and me .
Are you going to the Gamma Competition too ? I asked her .
She blinked .
What ? I pointed at her sweatshirt .
Thats a Gamma sweatshirt , I told her .
She glanced down at her sweatshirt and her cheeks reddened .
Oh , uh … yeah .
Im heading to the competition , she replie Us too , I said , sitting down beside her .
Im Judy by the way and this is my friend , Nan .
Nan gave the girl a small wave .
Hello , she replied , still looking uneasy .
Im Sammy .
What pack are you from ? Nan asked .
Moonshine .
Oh , thats a bit away from our pack , I said , nodding thoughtfully .
Maybe about an hours drive .
Where are you from ? She asked , her tone soft and wouldnt be audible if I werent sitting right next to her .
Redmoon , I replied .
Oh , she breathed .
I heard you just lost your Alpha .
A while ago , yes , I replied .
He died in a battle .
We have quite a few competing for the new role .
She nodded .
Theres a few male wolves in my pack who also wanted that position , she admitted .
But I told them if they were to make anyone an Alpha for the Redmoon pack , it would be someone from that pack .
31 Not necessarily , I shrugged .
It could be anyone at this point .
So , whos running your pack currently while you wait for a new Alpha to be appointed ? Sammy asked .
The Cash family kind of runs everything , Nan murmured rolling her eyes .
They are like the It family of Redmoon .
Ive heard of them , Sammy said .
They are the Betas right ? And very rich .
I nodded .
Yes , I replied .
Raymond Cash was the Alphas Beta .
My father was the Delta .
Her eyes grew wide .
Wow , she breathed .
So , youre kind of a big deal too , huh ? I wouldnt say that , I murmured .
Chapter 0262 125RGANS Are you kidding me ? Judy is the best deal , Nan said , wrapping an arm around my shoulder , Shes been training for years to be a Gamma warrior and Levi Churchill nominated her to compete in the competition .
At the mention of Alpha Levis name , Sammy tensed , and her cheeks grew red .
###Take 263
Chapter 0263 Oh , I see , she murmured .
Then you must be very special What about you ? I asked .
Arent you competing ? She looked down at her sweatshirt again and her shoulders slumped slightly .
No , she said softly .
But Im required to be there to support my gamma .
Oh ? I asked .
She sighed and then looked up at me .
Hes kind of my boyfriend .
My eyes grew wide .noveldrama
Youre dating your gamma ? She nodded , nibbling her lower lip .
Nan looked around with a frown .
Then where is he ? She asked .
He took an earlier flight with a group of his friends , she murmured .
I was left behind .
But Im going anyways .
Over the loudspeaker , I heard our section of the plane being called .
I glanced at Nan who gave me a head nod , indicating that she too heard it .
We have to go , I told her , standing to my feet .
But maybe we will see you there ? She nodded , giving me a small smile .
Yeah , she said softly .
Maybe .
On that note , Nan and I walked towards the terminal gates and handed our tickets to the stewardess before we boarded the plane .
Next stop , tropical paradise ! Nan announced , tugging me along with her .
Third Person POV Back at the villa , Irene went to her brothers room to check on him .
She had just got off the phone with Ethan and he was about to come over .
She needed to speak to him about that woman she saw at his house .
She wasnt going to feel better until she got to the bottom of it .
However , she took her fathers words to heart .
She cant just be mad at Judy ; Ethan also lied to her .
He was just as guilty if not more .
She knocked on Matts door and when there was no answer , she pushed the door open .
Matt was seated in his bed , playing video games .
Of course , thats what he was doing .
Hey , she said , stepping into his room : What do you want ? He asked without even looking up .
The bitterness of his tone took Irene by surprise , and she froze .
Chapter 0263 Whats with the attitude ? she asked , folding her arms across her chest as she stared down at him .
I heard what you said to Judy yesterday , he muttered , shaking his head as he finally pulled his eyes away from his video games to glare up at her .
You were horrible and blamed her for my accident .
Because she shot you , Irene said , pointing to his healing leg .
In another day or so , it would be completely healed thankfully .
It was her fault .
It was my fault .
I moved in front of the target because I saw something on the ground I wanted to pick up , Matt surprised her by saying .
Judy always told me never to move from my current location if someone is shooting because they aim according to placement .
I threw her off balance by moving my position .
I wasnt thinking straight .
It was a rookie mistake .
Irene was stunned , speechless .
She did see Matt moving from his current position , but Judy still should have seen him before releasing the bow .
She wasnt even aiming for me , Matt continued .
She was showing me a trick shot .
The arrow happened to be going in the same direction I moved to .
A trick shot ? Irene asked , furrowing her brows .
You know nothing about what Judy can do , Matt said through his teeth .
Shes an incredible archer and combater and can do things you could only dream of .
This accident was not her fault .
I wanted to tell her that last night , but everyone w was yelling and then Dad listened to you and kicked her out .
He Alpha commanded her , Irene and its your fault .
Irene was shocked .
… uh … she stammered .
Gavin knocked on the door , interrupting their conversation .
Everything okay ? He asked , stepping into the room .
The accident wasnt Judys fault , Matt repeated .
I moved from my original location after she told me countless times not to do that .
If anyone is to blame , its me .
But please , dont be mad at Judy anymore .
I dont want her to quit or get fired … I dont want her to leave .
Tears welled up in Matts eyes and Irene felt a ping of guilt in her chest .
This was her fault completely ; what kind of monster had she become ? And for what ? All for Ethan ? Was he even worth it ? Thank you for telling me that , Gavin said , placing a hand on Matts shoulder .
Dad … you arent going to fire her , are you !! Gavin shook his head .
No , Ive been trying to get a hold of her though .
Her phones off .
Itll have to wait until I come back .
I was coming in here to tell you that Im leaving now , and Ill be gone for a few weeks .
Are you going straight to the Gamma competition ? bly meet some of the It doesnt start for another couple of days .
Im going to check in at the resort and then possibly competitors for dinner this evening , he explained .
Behave while Im gone .
Both of you .
Call if you need anything .
Be good for Beta Taylor .
Okay … they both said at the same time .
Gavin left and Irene glanced back at Matt who still had tears in his eyes .
It was at that moment that Irene knew she messed
###Take 264
Chapter 0264 Third Person POV So , I get information about Alpha Gavins business? Ethan asked .
He was seated at a table in the middle of a restaurant a few packs away from his own .
Others he had never met sat at the table as well .
Each of them with their own tasks .
They all wore business clothes and looked Important ; Ethan fit right in with them .
Levi Churchill sat at the front end of the table ; the one in charge of the operation .
What exactly am I looking for ? Ethan asked , staring around at the table .
Anything and everything is important , Levi answered .
I want to take down his business , I need to know how it operates from the inside .
You are already on the inside since you are engaged to be married to his daughter .
You have access to his home .
Find me personal information … anything … its all useful .
Ethan nodded .
Yes , Alpha , he said , bowing his head as he felt the Lycans powers washing over him .
And what about the girl ? One of the ladies at the table , Ethan couldnt quite remember her name , asked .
You mentioned she was going to the Gamma competition ? Ethan knew she was asking about Judy .
Judy was open conversation for a bit and it was made clear to Alpha Levi that Judy had been involved with Gavin .
I already have someone keeping an eye on her there , Levi replied .
Plus , Ill be heading there in the morning as well .
Gavin will also be there , so this gives Ethan a prime opportunity to get all the information he can for the next few weeks .
Can I count on you to do that ? He narrowed his eyes at Ethan as he said that last part .
Yes , Alpha , Ethan repeated his earlier statement Levi nodded and then stared at the rest of them .
You know what to do , he murmured .
You are dismissed With that , everyone packed up their things and took off in the vehicles they came in .
Ethan ran his fingers through his hair and started to leave , but he was stopped by Alpha Levi .
Ethan , he called after him , making Ethan freeze at the doorway .
Dont let me down .
You wont like your punishment if you fail .
Ethan released a shaky breath and nodded before he left .noveldrama
It took him a little over an hour to get to the Villa .
Irene called him on his way there and asked if he was coming over today , to which he said that he was .
He hadnt seen her in a few days , despite knowing that she was in the hospital recently .
He felt a bit guilty about not seeing her , but hes been in meetings and dealing with Alpha Levi .
He hadnt had the time for anything else .
When he reached the Villa , Gavin was long gone , which he was relieved for .
He wasnt sure hed be able to keep his secrets if Gavin was around and it was crucial that he didnt give himself away or else Levi would make good on his threat .
He expected Irene to wrap her arms around him and hug him like she always did , but when he saw her , she was keeping her distance .
She had her arms wrapped around her body like she was trying to hold herself together and it looked as if she had been crying , Whats going on ? Gavin asked as he stepped further into the parlor .
I went by your house yesterday , she said , surprising him .
He hadnt seen her at all yesterday and he barely caught her scent when he returned home in the morning .
He wasnt there at all in the afternoon or at night so it must have been around that time she stopped by his house Okay ? He asked , narrowing his eyes at her .
There was a woman there , she said , her eyes finding his She was standing at your door .
And do you know who it was ? His chest tightened .
He had been careless with this affairs lately .
These last few weeks he had been behaving himself , but he never officially ended things with any of his flings .
Some of them knew that it was only a fling .
most of them were prostitutes .
But there was one girl that wasnt a prostitute .
One girl was clearly catching feelings for him after one night of fun .
Ethans biggest mistake was hooking up with her more than once ; after he realized she was catching feelings , he should have stopped the affair , but he didnt .
Scarlett looked the most like Judy and she was incredibly in bed .
He found himself wanting more of her , so he continued the affair .
The second biggest mistake he made was inviting her over to his house once .
They had sex until the sun came up the next morning .
But he hadnt spoken to her in the last couple of weeks .
He didnt quite end things , but he hadnt called her back either .
He was hoping she would get the hint and stop pestering him .
He figured keeping up the affair was too risky .
He didnt want rene to find out about this girl .
###Take 265
Chapter 0265 He had been faithful to Irene for weeks , but from the look on her face , he knew that she was suspecting something .
It had to have been Scarlett who showed up at his house unannounced .
No others would have done that ; no others knew where he lived .
It was only her .
Did she say something to you ? Ethan asked , his voice feeling heavy as he spoke .
She shook her head and tucked a long strand of blonde hair behind her ear .
No , but she looked upset .
Like shes been crying , she replied .
Ethan let out a breath , hoping that Irene didnt see the relief in his eyes .
As long as Scarlett hadnt said anything to her , then he could fix this .
Maybe it was the wrong house , I wasnt expecting anyone yesterday , he told her , his confidence coming back .
She stared at him for a moment , her eyes narrowed , and he lips pressed in a thin line .
Are you sure about that ? She asked .
Because she had a striking resemblance to Judy .
Ethan froze as he looked at Irene ; what had she figured out ? What are you saying ? Ethan asked defensively .
Im saying its not a coincidence … Judy has a very basic look , he murmured , shaking his head .
I can pick out about 5 girls that look just like her .
Shes not that special .
Why was she at your house , Ethan ? Please , tell me the truth , Irene said , stepping closer to him .
He saw tears filling her eyes and for a moment , he actually felt bad .
Maybe he would have told her the truth under different circumstances , but now he knew that he couldnt .
He had too much on the line and he needed to play his part a good little spy that he was .
like I dont know , he said , putting his hands on her shoulders , hoping to be soothing .
Im sorry I havent been around lately .
Ive been so busy with pack business .
I have barely been home these last few weeks .
If anyone were to stop by my house , then I wouldnt have known .
You know my family is pretty much running the pack until a new Alpha is appointed .
We are the Beta family .
She could have been trying to ask for a favor .
Other than that , I dont know why she would come over .
I didnt ask anyone to stop by .noveldrama
Irene stared at him for a long while like she was trying to figure out if he was telling the truth or not .
She nibbled on her lower lip .
I just have this nasty feeling … shou Ethan pressed his lips to her forehead .
tears dripping down her flushed cheeks .
I promise , Irene .
Im not cheating on you .
Nothing is going on .
You know I love you .
I wouldnt have proposed to you if I didnt , he assured her .
After a moment , she nodded .
Okay , she whispered .
He smiled and kissed her , and she let him kiss her .
Should we go to your room ? I hear your father isnt home he asked , winking .
She nodded .
1/2 Chapter 0265 Yes , Ill meet you up there in a moment .
I just have a phone call to make , she said .
He nodded and headed straight to her bedroom ; she watched after him and let out a sigh after he was out of sight .
She wanted to believe Ethan and she wanted to trust him ….
but she knew now that she couldnt .
Over the last few months , she discovered Ethans tell .
She now understood his tells when he lied ; his nostrils flared ever so slightly , and he always raised his eyebrows in a condescending way .
That was exactly what he did when he was talking about not knowing that woman .
She had no doubt in her mind now that Ethan was in fact lying to her .
She walked out of the parlor and into the main foyer where Adam sat in his usual seat , reading a book .
He paused when he saw her and he corked an eyebrow .
I need you to do me a favor and tell nobody about it , Irene said without missing a beat .
She grabbed her phone and brought up a picture of the womans license plate .
She managed to snap it before she drove away from Ethans house .
She didnt do anything with it yet , hoping that Ethan would come clean and tell her the truth .
But clearly , that wasnt going to happen .
She sent the image to Adams cell phone , and she heard his phone chiming almost immiedalty after .
He grabbed his phone and glanced at the image with a frown .
Who does this belong to ? He asked , looking back up at her .
Im hoping youll be able to find out for me , she said .
Youve always been good with computers and techy stuff , Adam .
Do you think you can find out who this plate belongs to ? He thought about it for a moment , and then he nodded .
Of course , he replied .
She nodded Find out what you can and report to me as soon as you can she ordered , and with that , she turned and went upstairs .
###Take 266
Chapter 0266 Judys POV Ow , Judy ! Nan cried .
Youre hurting me ! I dug my nails so deep into her flesh that she started to bleed .
My heart was racing , and I thought my ears were going to explode .
I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to remain as still as possible as Nan attempted to unwrap my fingers from around her arm .
Seriously , girl .
Let me go , she demanded through her teeth .
I finally untangled my fingers from her and gripped the armrests instead .
As Nan rubbed her aching arm , I could hear her muttering , Training to be a gamma yet terrified of planes .
She was right ; I was terrified of flying .
Wolves didnt belong in the air ; we were land animals .
This thing could break down and wed crash , exploding into a million pieces .
This was a chance I truly did not want to take , but here I was , in the air , flying for the next several hours to a tropical location .
Nan wasnt as scared as I was , she was gazing out the window , pointing at all the pretty clouds that we were flying through .
She kept saying something about our packs looking like a giant map the higher we got You are missing out on the beauty of it all , Nan breathed as she pressed her face against the window .
I finally managed to pry my eyes open and look around ; the plane had finally leveled off , and my ears no longer felt as if they were about to explode .
1 saw the big smile on Nans face as she stared out the window , awe clear in her eyes .
It was nice seeing her smiling again .
After these last few days , I never thought I would see that smile on her face again .
It was almost worth it .
How much longer until we are there , 1 asked , not wanting to stare out the window , afraid of what Id see .
We just took off , she laughed .
Calm yourself and relax .
How can I relax when we are so high up in the sky ? I asked .
I dont like this .
Well , theres no other way to get to this place .
We have to cross several oceans , she told me .
You were the one who wanted to do the competition , she added with a shrug Do you ladies want anything to drink or a snack ? The stewardess , who startled me , asked .
Water please I asked .
She nodded and handed me a small water bottle before glancing at Nan .
Coffee would be great , she said .
We just drank coffee , I reminded her .
She shrugged .
Its going to be a long flight , and I dont want to fall asleep , she explained .
The stewardess poured a cup of coffee and then handed Nan some sweeteners and powdered creamers .
She went off to serve others .
I took a sip of the water , trying to calm my nerves and racing heart .
Its going to be okay , Judy , Nan assured me .
Just chill .
I nodded , trying to relax .
Chapter 0066 Have you spoken to Chester ? I asked , trying to keep my mind off being thousands of miles in the air .
Nan blanched at my question .
No , she murmured .
Ive been with you since yesterday .
When would I have spoken to him ? I shrugged .
He has your number .
1 didnt know if he called you , I told her , taking another sip of the water .
Wait , what  She gasped , glaring at me .
Why exactly does he have my number  I 1 shrugged , trying not to look her in the eyes but I felt like was on fire from her stares .
I gave it to him … Judy ! She nearly screeched .noveldrama
Why would you do that  Because he was worried, I told her .
When I told him you were coming with me and- You told him where I was going  She asked , her eyes wide .
How could you do that ?! Hes my friend , Nan … Im your friend .
Im supposed to be your best friend .
I thought you were in my corner , she cried .
I am in your corner , I assured her .
Im always in your corner .
Which is exactly why I gave your mate your phone number .
You can thank me when youre married and Im your maid of honor .
And what makes you so sure we are going to get married ? She asked , folding her arms across her chest .
Hes a playboy .
He hasnt touched a woman in days .
Not even Harper and I thought for a while that they were going to be end game , I told her , but immediately regretting my choice of words because Nans face went completely white .
I sighed and touched her arm gently .
Im sorry , I shouldnt have said that .
I know how it is to have a mate … but Nan , Chester isnt a bad guy .
If you give him a chance … Ill end up like you .
I was stunned speechless by her words .
They hurt me more than I could ever let her know .
What ? I asked , my voice coming out heavy .
Ethan cheated and left you for someone else .
He broke a part of you that youll never get back .
You can feel it every time hes intimate with her , and it kills both you and your wolf , Nan said , tears filling her eyes .
I hate seeing it happen to you … why would you want it happen to me ?
###Take 267
Chapter 0267 I wanted to say something to reassure her that it wasnt going to happen to her , but at the same time , I couldnt guarantee that .
She was right ; she could end up like me and I was selfish for putting her in that position .
I was also hurt that she said such a terrible thing to me .
I clamped my mouth shut and faced forward , staring at my water bottle as if it held the answers to everything She sighed and turned bac towards the window .noveldrama
I didnt want to spend this flight fighting with my best friend , but I felt tears burning in my eyes and I couldnt quite face her right now without breaking apart .
At some point , I thankfully fell asleep .
I was only woken when my ears once again felt as if they were going to explode , and the plane began to dip low .
I opened my eyes , gripping the arm rest tightly as the plane began to land .
Once we officially touched the ground , I let out a breath of relief .
The seatbelt light turned off and they allowed us to leave the plane by section .
Once we were safely off the plane , I felt like I could kiss the ground .
Nan and I had barely spoken since our argument earlier and even as we walked over to baggage claim , I could still f * e the strain on our relationship .
She was quiet and I knew she was lost in thought , just as I was .
We got our luggage and started towards the exit .
I was bracing myself for the hot air , but nothing could of prepared me for it .
I could hardly breathe when we went from the AC and into a heatwave .
What now ? Nan asked as she looked around , seemingly comfortable in her element .
She always liked the heat ; summer was her favorite season .
I guess we get a cab to the hotel , I said , pulling out my phone and bringing up the email that Levi Churchill sent me a few days ago .
It had the hotel information ; it was only a few miles away from the airport and near the beach , so it shouldnt take us long to get there .
Heres the address for the resort , I said , pointing at it .
Nan nodded and turned towards the busy streets .
Leave it to me , she said confidently .
She walked towards the curb and whispered , holding up her hand .
In seconds , a cab was stopping in front of her .
She grinned and glanced over her shoulder at me .
I was always good at getting a cab back in the city , she explained .
Before I got my car that is .
I chuckled and grabbed my things off the ground , rushing towards the cab .
The Cab driver was kind enough to pop his back trunk and get out of the car to help with our luggage .
Just as we were about to get into the cab , I caught a glimpse of Sammy sitting on one of her suitcases looking exhausted and defeated .
She was staring at her phone with a deep frown and tears clear in her eyes .
Sammy ? I called after her .
She lifted her gaze to meet mine and forced a small smile .
Oh , hi , she said softly .
Is everything okay ? I asked as I walked over to her , motioning for the cab driver to hold on a second .
Nan stayed by our things and the cab to make sure no one else took it .
Not really , Sammy sighed .
My boyfriend was supposed to come and pick me up , but something came up and hes unable to get here .
Do you need a ride ? I asked her .
She raised her brows .
Really ? She asked .
Chapter 0267 I nodded .
Im assuming hes at the resort , right ? I asked .
You can ride with us .
We are heading there now .
She nodded quickly .
Yes , that would be great .
Thank you ! She breathed .
I helped her with her things and once the cab was filled with our belongings , we all got in .
Sammy of us three , so she sat in the middle .
y was t the smaller I told the cab driver the address and he plugged it into the GPS .
Just as we were driving off , something caught my eye .
There were a ton of paparazzi surrounding someone that I couldnt quite see .
They were flashing their cameras and asking them questions .
I strained my neck to get a glimpse of what was going on , but I could hardly see around the large crowd , and we were too far away .
I wonder whats going on over there , Nan said , following my gaze .
I shrugged .
Who knows , I muttered .
Probably some rich jerk .
She nodded in agreement , and we rested for the next 20 minutes until we reached the biggest and prettiest resort I had ever seen .
###Take 268
Chapter 0268 Gavins POV Alpha Gavin , what do you think about this years Gamma competitors ? Do you have a favorite ? Has anyone from your pack been chosen ? Are you sponsoring any portion of this competition this year ? Alpha Gavin , over here ! The flashes of lights from the paparazzi cameras nearly blinded me , but I kept a stoic face as I stared at each and every one of them .
I wasnt going to answer any of their questions right now , I didnt really have answers for them .
I just landed and I was exhausted , I wanted to get to my suite and relax for the night .
I hadnt even looked over the list of Gamma Competitors that had been sent to me .
Give the Lycan Chairmen some space , my head Gamma , Derek , who happened to be a champion of the competition 5 years ago , said as he pushed the paparazzi away from me , providing me room to get by .
There was already a car waiting outside and I was just about ready to get out of this airport .
My wolf was anxious ** and eager to get to the resort .
I classified it as him just being tired and not wanting to deal with Levi Churchill .
It wouldnt be long before he arrived as well .
Once we were in the car , we were driving away from the airport and away from the paparazzi .
I let myself sigh and lean back against my seat , loosening my tie .
It was practically strangling me at this point .
The competitors are having a dinner tonight to meet one another.
Levi Churchill will be attending as well .
Should I give them our RSVP ? Derke asked , glancing at me through the rearview mirror .
I glared at him as if the answer was obvious .
He nearly folds in on himself .
No , I muttered .
The last thing I want is to deal with Levi tonight .
Ill meet the competitors tomorrow .
Have you read the competitor list yet ? Derek asked .
Nope .
Derek sighed , but he said nothing more .
Judys POV Holy crap ! Nan breathed as we were nearing the resort .
Its bigger than Carters Resort .
I had never actually seen palm trees before but here they were everywhere .
They were so tall and draped around the resort like umbrellas , shielding us from the sun .
There wasnt much dirt on the ground , instead , it was mainly sand .
The walkways were made of cobblestones and gave the entire area a brighter feeling .
There were so many people leaving their cabs and buses , lugging their belongings through the giant glass doors that led into the main lobby .
I had to crane my neck to stare up at the large building ; not only was it incredibly tall in the back , but it was also wide , and it seemed as if it could go on for miles .
Most of the windows were large floor to ceiling , some had curtains closed , others did not I knew , from looking at the map on our way here , that on the other side of the resort , which we couldnt see from where we stood , was the ocean .
12 Chanter 0768 : This place is incredible , Nan breathed , unable to stop looking at everything around her .
Im going to go find my boyfriend , Sammy said with a small smile .
Thanks for letting me ride with you .
Of course , I replied , returning her smile .
I hope to see you again soon .
She nodded and waved before she took off .
I looked at Nan and motioned for her to follow me with her head .
We grabbed our suitcases , thanked the cab driver , gave him an extra tip , and then we headed inside .
It was bigger on the inside than it was on the outside .
My mouth nearly fell to the ground .
The ground was a rose gold marble that matched the floor to ceiling pillars .
There was a giant water fountain in the center of the lobby and a ton of people .
It was overwhelming , to say the least .
could see gift shops and other small shops along the far side of the lobby and hallways that led to places I was eager to explore .
There were giant spiral staircases on both sides of the lobby and a couple of giant glass elevators that went up to each floor .noveldrama
Each level had balconies that overlooked the inside of the resort and there were balconies on the outside as well .
###Take 269
hapter 0269 The line for the front desk , which stretched from side to side , was huge .
We are going to be here forever , Nan complained .
I glanced at the time .
It was only 1 pm .
We have plenty of time , 1 told her .
The dinner doesnt start until 6.
In the itinerary that Alpha Levi sent me , it mentioned a competitors dinner at 6 tonight so we can get to know the other competitors and the judges .
I had to admit , I was a bit nervous to see who I was up against .
Surprisingly , the line didnt last forever .
We only had to wait about 20 minutes before we were at the front of the line .
One of the workers waved me over and I quickly hurried towards her with Nan in tow .
Hello , are you checking in ? The woman , according to her nametag , Stacy , said .
Yes .
It should be under Judy Montague .
She nodded and typed something into the computer .
Oh , youre here for the Gamma competition ? She asked .
Yes , I replied .
I shouldnt have been surprised that this resort was a shifter owned resort .
I didnt smell any humans and there were a lot of people with Gamma sweatshirts and other gear .
Very intimidating looking people .
She typed something else into the computer .
Lycan Chairmen has everything set up , she explained as she continued to type stuff into her computer .
But then she froze and glanced up at me , and then at Nan .
Except the room was for one .
Is she staying with you as well ? I flushed ; I hadnt thought about telling the hotel , or Alpha Levi , that Nan was coming with me .
I felt stupid for not clearing it with them first .
Uh , yes .
But she can just share my bed , I said quickly , hoping that was enough to clear things up .
She looked between the two of us questionably , as if she was trying to gure out if she should allow it or not .
But then a presence appeared beside me and my entire body froze as I looked up at the powerful looking man that I had only seen briefly in the past .
How about we upgrade her room then ? Beta Ron , Levis Beta , said , his eyes narrowed .
Stacys eyes widened at his request .
Im afraid we are all booked up … she told him , her voice nervous .
Its okay ; really , I said , trying to resolve the situation .
Then , I guess Ill have to call Alpha Levi and tell him that the resort staff are incompetent , he murmured as he made a show out of taking his phone out of his pocket .
Before I could protest Stacy quickly intervened .
Thats not necessary , she said quickly .
We do have one room left .
Its a queens suite on the top floor .
It has 2 beds and a half kitchen .
Excellent , Beta Ron said , nodding at her as he shoved his phone back into his pocket .
You dont have to go through that much trouble , I told them both .
Its honestly okay .
Nonsense ; you are a guest and will be treated as such , Ron said , narrowing his eyes at me .
Enjoy your stay , Judy Montague .
Chapter 0269 With that , he turned and walked away .
Stacy nervously typed on her computer without meeting my gaze .
After a few minutes , she clicked the final button and grabbed a couple of keycards , a map of the resort , and a printed version of the itinerary .
You will be in room 606 , she told me .
Enjoy your stay .
I nodded and thanked her .
I went to grab my bags , but she stopped me .
We have people who can take your bags to your room .noveldrama
You dont need to lift a finger at our resort , she assured me .
Are you sure ? I asked her .
I dont want to be too much trouble .
Its no trouble at all , she assured me .
I nodded and together , Nan and I made our way through the crowd and towards the glass Elevator .
We were both in awe as the elevator went up and we were able to see the resort from a different view .
###Take 270
Chapter 0270 This is going to be so much fun , Nan breathed with wide eyes .
I nodded in agreement .
We walked down the wide hallway , looking up at the crystal chandeliers that lit the entire place up .
We finally made it to our suite and used the keycard to get into the room .
The room was huge , and the beds were on a large pedestal with stairs .
There was a half kitchen , which had pretty much everything except a stove .
There was a living room area and a door that I assumed led to the bathroom .
Some dressers and wardrobes looked like they were picked right out of a storybook .
The windows were huge which provided a ton of natural light , and they were facing the ocean .
If we looked down the window , we could see one of the many swimming pools this resort had .
I heard they even had a swimming pool on the roof .
Oh , Im definitely going to like it here , Nan said with a wide grin .
I nodded in agreement .
Yeah , me too , I agreed .
A few minutes later , a man arrived with our luggage .
I thanked him and we spent the afternoon unpacking .noveldrama
If were going to be here for a few weeks , we might as well get comfortable .
Want to go exploring with me ? Nan asked as she came out of the bathroom a little later .
I shook my head .
Im going to rest up for tonight , I told her .
But you go and have fun .
Okay , Ill see you later .
I was able to get a couple of hours of sleep and woke up about 30 minutes before I had to leave for the dinner .
Nan wasnt back yet , but I knew she would be before we had to leave .
I grabbed a change of clothes and went into the bathroom to take a hot shower .
It The shower was bigger than any shower I had ever seen before , and water squirted out from every which way .
was incredible and I felt calmer than ever as I stepped out of the shower .
I quickly dressed and by the time I left the bathroom , Nan was back .
Ready to go ? I asked her .
Actually , I was hoping maybe you could go by yourself .
I met some people earlier and they wanted to go out to dinner and hang out while the Gamma competitors did their thing .
They are all here out of support like me .
I frowned .
You dont want to come with me ? I asked , sounding and feeling disappointed .
I wasnt sure I could do this without her .
Im sorry .
Dont hate me .
Well do other stuff together and Ill be there during the competition to support you .
But I could really use a drink , and I doubt anyone will be getting drunk at this dinner tonight .
Please dont be mad .
I sighed .
Im not mad , I assured her .
Go have fun .
Ill be fine .
She shrieked and hugged me .
After we said goodbye , I gave myself one long look in the standing mirror and then I 1/2 sighed .
It was now or never .
###Take 271
Chapter 0271 Judys POV 1 probably shouldnt have been drinking as much as I have been .
But I couldnt help myself .
I was so nervous and everybody at this dinner looked intimidating .
They were all mostly men who were competing , along with only a few women .
They were all huge and strong and I was thin and short … though I knew I was strong too ; I wondered if I was strong enough to win this competition .
The dinner was delicious and set up like a buffet .
They had every food imaginable and my mouth was watering as I grabbed a few different food items and placed them on my plate .
I saw one giant guy in particular and he was pretty much showing off his muscles and talking proudly about himself .
Sammy stood beside him with a small blush on her cheeks and when she saw me , her face lit up .
That must have bene her boyfriend , I thought to myself .
I waved at her , and she gave me a short wave back , hiding it from her boyfriend .
She probably didnt want him to know that she was friendly with the competition .
At the long table in the front of the event hall was a table with 4 seats .
2 of them were empty ; the other 2 occupied to Lycan Chainmen .
My eyes grew wide as I took in their strong exterior , stoic faces , and glowing aura .
They radiated with power , and it was hard to look directly at them.
I heard through the grapevine that Alpha Levi wasnt going to show up until tomorrow , so that explained one of the empty seats , but the other one confused me .
I didnt know that all the Lycan Chairmen attended this event ; Gavin hadnt mentioned anything to me about coming to this country for the competition Was he going to be here ? I looked around but I didnt see him anywhere .
I couldnt help the knot that formed in my belly at the very thought of it thought .
There were a few toasts and speeches from some of the Alphas and one of the chairmen .
Everybody was excited and eager to get this competition started .
It wasnt going to start for another couple of days though , once everybody was here and ready .
I heard some planning on training together in the courtyard tomorrow morning and I wondered if I should attend as well .
For the most part , I kept to myself and sat at the bar .
I continued to drink until I could hardly feel my cheeks .
I knew I had drunk too much when the entire room started to spin .
I couldnt stay here any longer .
I attempted to escape the room smoothly , but I knew I stumbled a few times before I reached the door .
I dont think anyone noticed though , at least I hoped they didnt as I walked down the hallway and stepped into the elevator , I went to grab my room key to swipe on the elevator to make it move , but then I realized I left it in the room .
I sighed .
Nan was most likely still out with her new friends .
wasnt going to call her and bother her .
Instead , I went towards the front desk , hating that I drank so much that I was stumbling through the lobby .
There wasnt a line at this time of night , thankfully .
I also didnt recognize any of the workers there ; they must have been the night crew .
I wondered what time it was I need a new room key .
I locked mine in the room , I told one of the was workers .
He went to type something on the computer .
Whats your room number ? He asked .
I furrowed my brows , trying to remember the number in my drunken stooper .
Uh … 909 I think ? He nodded and typed something else on his computer .
He grabbed a new key card and swiped the card to activate 1/2 Chapter 0271 it .
There you go , you go , he said .
I thanked him and went back to the elevator .
The second I was in the room ; all I wanted to do was crash .
I was way too lazy to change into my pajamas , so I decided to just strip naked and get into bed .
Nan still wasnt back , which was kind of a relief .
I didnt want her to see me like this .
The room smelled different ; it smelled nice .
Not that it didnt smell nice earlier , but it seemed even better this time .
I wondered if Nan had sprayed something before she left .
Or maybe one of the workers came and tidied up a bit .
I stripped off my clothes , leaving them on the ground in a path as I made my way toward my bed .
It felt like a further walk than it had earlier , but I classified it as me being too drunk to really classify anything .
I crawled into bed , through the covers over my naked body and allowed myself to drift off to sleep .
Gavins POV I hoped a shower would help sober me up a little bit .
But it really didnt .
It wasnt often that a Lycan could get drunk like this , but I spiked my drink with something so strong that it could take down all 4 of us Lycans .
I just needed to shut my mind off for a little while.
The dinner for the competitors was being held now , and I knew I should have probably been there .
All of us Lycans were expected to be there , but I couldnt bring myself to go .
At least not tonight , Ill go to the dinner they are going to hold tomorrow .
But for tonight , I just needed to be alone and shut off my brain .noveldrama
Todays Bonus Offer
###Take 272
apter 0272 I didnt bother getting dressed after my shower .
I stayed in my boxers and then left my bathroom .
As I walked drunkenly and sleepily towards my bed , I froze when I saw lump under the covers .
My wolf stirred within me as he caught a whiff of something familiar .
I furrowed my brows and walked closer towards the bed .
I grabbed the edge of the blanket and slowly pulled it back , nearly jumping back in surprise when I saw there was a woman there .
The familiar scent wafted around me , making me more intoxicated .
I touched her arm , ignoring the electricity sparking from my fingertips as I turned her over .
She was naked and her breasts were on full display .
It took everything I had not to touch her right then and there .
Her eyes slowly opened , and a small smile tipped the corner of her lips .
Gavin ….
she whispered .
Had Judy followed me here ? Did she come here for me ? Something swelled in my chest at the thought .
She must have missed me so much and figured out that I was going to be here .
I ran my fingers down the side of her face , and she closed her eyes , leaning into my touch .
I traced my finger across her bottom lip , and she parted them slightly .
Without much more though , I wrapped my arms around her and lifted her naked body off the bed as I sat down .
She wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck , straddling me and pressing into me .
The way her body felt against mine was something I couldnt even explain .
She wiggled against me , her dilated eyes filled with lust and desires .
Her excitement could be smelled from a mile away and it made a growl escape my throat before I could stop myself .
She pressed her lips to mine , kissing me like her life depended on it .
She rubbed her soaked core against my boxers as she nibbled on my bottom lips , taking her fill of me .
I allowed her time to explore me as her hands roamed across my chest and down my abs .
A breathy moan escaped her lips as she continued to grind herself against me .
I stopped questioning the real reason she was in my bed and figured she was there for me .
I wasnt going to complain ; truth be told , I was worried when she stopped taking my calls .
I worried that I would never get the chance to have her like this .noveldrama
I ran my fingers through her hair and held her head in place as I shoved my tongue deep into her throat , tasting everything she had to offer .
She opened her mouth even more , allowing my tongue deeper inside of her .
She moaned in pleasure and my cock twitched within my boxers .
I needed to be inside of her .
I couldnt wait any longer .
I knew she wanted it just as badly as I did .
I reached between us and slid my boxers down my legs , allowing my erection to fling freely .
It rested on her belly and her eyes widened as she stared down at me .
Her tongue jetted out and she licked her lips as if it was the tastiest thing she had ever seen .
She wrapped her small fingers around my large shaft and began to stroke gently at first , and then quickened the pace , making sure to rub the juice beading at the tip all around , making it easier to move .
I closed my eyes , loving the feeling of her hands on me .
She lowered herself and wrapped her perfect lips around my shaft , taking me in her mouth and tasting me .
If I didnt get inside of her right now , I was going to explode in her mouth hand that wasnt something I wanted to do right now .
I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her back on top of me , shoving myself deep into her wet core .
She gasped at the invasion but once she adjusted , she started to move .
I dug my fingers into her hips , making her move even faster .
I knew she had reached her climax when her legs trembled , and she screamed out my name .
I thrust into her even harder and deeper , hitting that perfect spot that made her gasp and pant even more .
It didnt take long for me to explode inside of her , coating her insides with my seed , I kissed her soft lips , sucking her bottom lip into my mouth and making it nice and swollen .
We continued our night in passion all around my suite , marking every corner of this place .
We ended the night sweaty , exhausted , and satisfied .
She fell asleep before I did I woke up to the sounds of something falling .
I quickly sat up , my wolf on edge as he searched the perimeter for danger .
I glanced over at the spot on the bed that Judy was sleeping on , but she was no longer there .
I furrowed my brows as I continued to search with my eyes around the room .
I could smell fear …..
Then I heard a small whimper coming from the ground .
I slowly peeked over the edge of the end to see Judy lying on the ground with her hands covering her mouth .
When her eyes found mine , they widened in shock .
Gavin ? She gasped W … what are you doing in my room
###Take 273
Judys POV What was going on ? Why was Gavin in my hotel room ? With a pounding heart , I managed to grab what was left of my clothes , my fingers trembling as I struggled to put them on .
I was naked , which meant something definitely happened last night .
How could this night have gone so wrong ? The last thing I remember was drinking a little too much at the banquet .
I felt awkward being alone and the only thing I could think of doing was drink .
Plus , it helped with my nerves and kept my mind off Gavin .
At least I thought so until I woke up with him beside me in bed .
We were both naked , but he had pulled on his clothes pretty quickly upon getting out of bed .
He was staring down at me with a frown on his lips as he came around the bed ; it took him a moment to notice me on the ground , but once he did , his frown only deepened .
what are you doing o the ground ? He asked , his tone sanding tired .
Answer my question first , I said , getting dressed and untangling myself from the blankets after falling out of bed And what question was that ? He asked the corner of his lips twitched slightly , and I knew he was stifling a laugh .
It only made me angrier though as I glared up at him in return .
Why are you in my room ? I asked him through my teeth .
grabbed the bedpost and pulled myself to my feet , turning to face him .
His brows rose slightly as his eyes darted around the room before landing on my face .
Last I checked this was my room , he said , his tone filled with humor , but I didnt hear anything funny about what he was saying .
When I came to this country to participate in this competition , the last person I expected to see here was Gavin .
Sure , it was custom for the Lycan wolves to attend this competition , but because Gavin hadnt said anything about it and because his rival is the one hosting this years competition , I didnt think he would actually be here .
N … no , I stammered .
Its my room .noveldrama
I was so sure that this was my hotel room ; the one I shared with Nan .
I assumed she never came home last night , which made me worry about her whereabouts .
She met some others at the hotel last night and decided to hang out with them instead of going to the banquet with me .
I couldnt blame her for that ; banquets werent really her thing .
She was used to serving at dinner parties , not attending them .
I I tried to think about more of what happened last night .
I knew I had forgotten my room key , so I went to the front desk to ask for another one .
What room did I tell the man at the front desk I was staying at ? I blinked , trying to clear my head but it proved to be difficult with the pounding headache at my temple .
Hangovers sucked and I was in for a rude awakening today .
Thankfully , today was only training day .
However , this was the day Id be scoping out my competition and I wanted to make a good impression on them as well .
I wanted them to know that I wasnt one to mess with ; I wanted to be taken seriously and doing that with a hangover seemed impossible .
Chapter 0273 I looked up at Gavin who was pulling a card out of his walled and turning it to face me .
On the card , it read : Room 909 .
Ive had this key since I checked in yesterday , he explained .
I frowned and felt around the dress until I found my pocket .
1 reached in and felt my room key .
Pulling it out I glanced at the front of it ; it read : Room 909 .
I turned it around to show it to him .
And thats the card youve had since checking in ? He asked , raising his brows .
Did you even check in ? Or did you ask the front desk clerk for my room number ? My mouth dropped at his accusation .
How dare he ask such a question ? I wasnt going to give him the satisfaction of an answer .
I glanced at the ground and saw that my purse was there .
I quickly swiped it off the ground , hating how pathetic I looked right now .
But I was determined to prove him wrong with more than just a few numbers on a key card .
I grabbed my phone out of my purse and swiped my finger around the screen .
I went into my emails and found the one that said , Hotel Room Verification .
I clicked on the email and brought up all the details of the suite .
After they updated my room and put me in this suite , they sent me an email verification of the room change , attaching Alpha Levi to the email considering he was the one paying for our stay here in this country .
###Take 274
Chapter 0274 My eyes scanned the email briefly until I found the room number .
My heart was still .
Room 906 .
I was in the wrong room .
What terrible luck 1 had ! My face burned with embarrassment as my eyes narrowed at the room number .
I was in Gavin Landrys hotel suite .
Suddenly , it felt as if I was going to pass out from this extreme humiliation .
I could barely even look at him despite knowing he was staring down at me with a deep frown on his lips .
He thought I was here to stalk him … he had no idea that I was in the competition , and I wasnt sure if I should even bother telling him .
These last few weeks he couldnt care less about me or what I did … so why would that change now ? Well ? He asked .
Are you going to reply , or are you just going to stand there ? I was at a loss for words .
I spent the entire night in Gavins room , that meant Nan had been in our room all alone … all night .
Oh Goddess , she must have been so worried about me .
Here I was thinking she was out all night , but in reality , it was me who was out all night .
I … I started to say , my voice trailing off as thoughts continued to consume me .
L ..
I have to go , I rushed out as I turned and hurried out of the room .
I was only a few rooms down , but I didnt want him following me or finding me later .
So , I headed for the elevator instead .
I wasnt sure where I was going , but I knew I couldnt stay there .
Gavins POV I couldnt say I had no memory of last night ; I got way too drunk and made some choices that I probably shouldnt have been making while screwed up .
Waking up this morning , it was still a shock to see Judy on the floor of my hotel suite .
She was the last person I thought I would see here .
Thated how my body reacted to the sight of her .
Even as a disheveled and naked mess , she was still beautiful .
It wasnt good that she was here ; if Alpha Levi caught wind of my relationship with her , he would use her against me no doubt .
I needed to make sure that he knew nothing about Judy and me .
I searched for her in the halls , but she was long gone .
There was no trace of her ever being here besides her lingering scent .
I could find her easily if I wanted to , but I decided not to bother .
I was bound to run into Levi or the paparazzi if I left right now .
I needed to keep a low profile until the competition started Chapter 0274 1 grabbed my phone and brought up Taylors contact .
Yes , Alpha ? Taylor asked as soon as he answered the phone .
Based on his tone , he knew this was a business call and nota personal one .
Did you know that Judy Montague was going to be here ? asked , my tone hard and filled with an underlying hint of betrayal .
Had my own Beta known this fact and kept it from me ? For a second , he hesitated .
No , he finally replied .
I didnt know she would be there .
But Adam told me she wouldnt be around for a bit .
Adam ? I asked , the image of my butler coming into mind How the hell does Adam know anything ? He must have forgotten to mention it to you .
Judy requested the next few weeks off .
I felt a headache brewing in my temple from this talk .
I needed him to get to the point and tell me something useful before I lost control of myself .
Did she come here because she knew I was going to be here ? I asked through my teeth .
Adam didnt give me a reason for her absence .
I mean , its school break so I assumed she was just taking some time off for that .
Its not like Mathew needs a tutor during the break .
Its not like shes needed right now , right ? I clenched my fists.
He was missing the point as usual .
Judy must have figured Id be here , so she came to see me .
Shes playing it off like that wasnt the case but thats the only explanation I have .noveldrama
She was playing a dangerous game .
###Take 275
Chapter 0275 Judys POV Enough time had passed , and I finally decided to go back to my hotel suite .
I needed to change clothes before 1 went to the resort workout room and started my day .
I needed to spend the rest of my day training with some others .
But first , I needed to get this massive hangover under control .
I was relieved when I didnt see Gavin in the halls when I returned to the floor .
I had to pass by his room to get to mine , I made sure to tiptoe , not wanting him to know that was walking by .
Then again , he was a Lycan … he probably knew I was in the elevator .
Once I got to the door , I realized I didnt have my actual room key .
I just had to hope and pray that Nan was there .
I knocked on the door , trying to be loud enough for Nan to hear me , but quiet enough that Gavin doesnt .
Not that it mattered , he knew I was there .
I know he did … but the question was , would he open his door and confront me ? I probably shouldnt have run away like that ; probably should have stayed and explained the situation to him .
But I was so embarrassed that I ended up in his bed last night that the only thing I could think of was to run away .
Not before long , the door swung open , and I spun around , not realizing I was facing Gavins room .
Nan stood on the other side of the door , her arms folded across her chest and a smirk on her lips .
Well , look who decided to return to our room , she said , her brows raised as she took in my clothes , realizing ! was still in the same dress I wore to the banquet last night I didnt get a chance to look at myself in the mirror this morning , but I could only imagine how I must have looked .
My hair was probably all over the place and I most likely had makeup smudges all over my pale face .
I stepped into the room and Nan shut the door behind me .
I could feel her eyes burning a hole in the back of my head .
Did you have a good night with Gavin ? Nan shocked me by asking .
I gasped and spun around to face her , my eyes wide .
H … how did you know ? I asked , my voice barely above a whisper .
She studied me for a moment ; her face remained stoic until I found the crack in her resolve .
The corner of her lip twitched ever so slightly , indicating that she wasnt really , and she found it amusing .
Lets just say … I have a good eye for detail , she said , her eyes scanning my dress .
I felt self conscious under her scrutiny and my cheeks burned even more with embarrassment .
Before I could say anything , she burst out laughing .
I was startled by the outburst and stared up at her ; I saw that she was holding the bedpost , keeping herself from falling over as she doubled over in a heap of laughter .
Oh , Goddess , she laughed .
You should seriously see the look on your face .
I pressed my lips in a tight line .
All I This isnt funny , Nan , I said , sighinted to do was cry and she was laughing at me .
I was Oh , trust me .
Its hilarious , she laughed .
I saw him walking into the hotel and checking into his room .
distracted when I met some girls and kind of forgot about it when I saw you later that night But then as I was walking back to the suite , I saw you stumbling into the wrong suite .
I recognized the suite number because I heard the front desk clerk giving that room to Gavin .
I tried to stop you from going into the wrong room .
Dont you Chapter 0275 remember ? I tried to remember last night and a slight memory of seeing Nan appeared in my head .
I remembered her looking frantic about something , but I was too far gone at that moment and I just wanted to get into bed .
I assumed Nan was behind me and got into her own bed ; maybe thats why was so adamant about being in the right room even I though I was completely wrong .
You shut the door , and I couldnt get in .
I knocked but it was no use .
I realized what room you were in and I knew youd be fine .
Maybe super embarrassed once you figured it out … but I knew he wouldnt let anything happen to you .
So , I went back to our room , she said that last part while shrugging .
I really wish you tried harder , Nan , I murmured , closing my eyes as the memory of last night replayed in my mind .noveldrama
I had sex with Gavin .
Did you have a bad night ? She asked with a worried frown .
He didnt go too far … did he ? I knew what she was asking , and I couldnt really say anything bad about Gavin besides how he treated me these last couple of weeks .
But as far as last night goes … I knew he was drunk too .
I could smell the boos on his breath , and he was acting out of character just like I was .
We were both in a tough spot and we let our feelings cloud our judgment .
It was a choice between two drunk adults , and there was nobody at fault .
I was just mortified over the fact that I ended up in his room unannounced .
It looked so bad … how was I going to explain myself ? How would I ever face him again ?
###Take 276
Chapter 0276 No … I admitted , hating myself for it .
it was incredible .
But it shouldnt have happened and Im embarrassed .
She pouted .
Im sorry , Judy .
Youre right .
I should have tried harder .
It wasnt cool of me , she said sadly .
I sighed and walked over to her , hugging her .
Im not mad at you , I told her .
Its not your responsibility to take care of me .
Im sorry for putting that on you .
We hugged each other for a moment longer before she released me .
Okay , you should shower .
You stink , she teased .
I grinned and grabbed my workout clothes from one of the drawers .
Im just going to change and wash up in the sink .
I have training today so taking a shower now is pointless , I told her over my shoulder as I headed into the bathroom .
I dressed in a yoga bra and skintight leggings that showed off my curves .
It made for easier movements during training , so it was my prime choice attire .
I pulled my hair into a ponytail , making sure no loose strands fell over my face .noveldrama
I turned on the sink and grabbed a cloth from the nearby shelf .
After applying some cleanser to the cloth , I washed my face neck , and underarms .
Turning off the water after a few minutes , I grabbed a dry towel and dried myself .
Then , I rummaged through one of my bathroom bags until I found my stick of deodorant along with my toothbrush and toothpaste .
I applied the deodorant and then brushed my teeth .
Once I was done , I was ready to hit the gym .
Nan said she was going of breakfast with her new friends and asked if we could meet up for lunch later .
After giving her confirmation of the plans , I left and went to the resort gym I had to follow the large map that they gave me and still ended up turning around .
After a long while of wandering around the many halls and openings of the resort , I finally found the gym .
I wasnt sure how I managed to miss it ; the gym was huge .
I couldnt believe this was inside of another building .
The gym was three stories tall and there was a swimming pool for just exercising .
The walls were glass , overlooking the beachside of the resort and I could see that resort casino attached in the distance of one of the windows .
I was also prepared for the gym to be packed , which it was .
Despite how big it was , there didnt seem to be enough room .
I knew most everyone here was preparing for the upcoming competition .
I could tell from how they worked out and the attire some of the wore .
They werent there for casual workouts .
I glanced around at the place , trying to figure out where to start .
I decided to see if there were any lockers available to put my stuff in .
I had a backpack filled with some gym essentials , along with my phone and wallet .
I didnt want to carry them with me all day .
1 headed towards the locker room , walking past unfamiliar faces and giving polite smiles as I went .
I stepped into the locker room ; there were a few girls in there taking bathroom selfies and I had to stifle the urge to roll my eyes .
they werent there for training or working out … they wanted their social media followers to think they were gym rats .
I glanced around at all the lockers ; there were a ton of them more than I could comprehend .
However , as I looked at all the red lights on each of the lockers , I realized there wasnt one available .
Chapter 0276 Oops , sorry .
I got the last one , one of the girls said ; she dont sound sorry at all .
Maybe you should have gotten here sooner .
I pressed my lips in a thin line ; engaging with her was not something I wanted to do .
I started to walk past with my bag over my shoulder .
Are you here for the Gamma competition too ? She asked , halting my movements .
Too ? I asked , turning around to face her .
Youre competing ? Dont look so surprised .
My daddy is sponsoring the event , she told me , glancing at her nails .
I raised my brows her Youre Alpha Levis daughter ? I asked , dumbfounded .
I guess I really didnt know much about Alpha Levi other than the fact that he was a Lycan and Gavins enemy .
Dont we look alike ? She asked patting her lashes .
Now that she mentioned it, she did have an uncanny resemblance to him .
But dont worry … when I win … itll be fair and square , she said with a plastered smile .
Ive been trained by the best , so Im bound to win after all .
She flipped her long blonde hair over her shoulder and gave me a wink which made my blood boil .
I didnt bother saying anything to her , the other girls in the bathroom who were talking to her before I arrived all chuckled amongst themselves , thinking they had bested me .
It only theled my fire though , making me want to take her down first .
I turned and stormed out of the locker room only to run smack into someone .
I dropped my bag on the ground and stumbled backward .
I felt a warm set of hands steadying me and when I looked up my breath hitched .
Gavin …
###Take 277
Chapter 0277 Judys POV Gavin was shirtless with only a pair of sweatpants on .
I stared at his incredible body , my mouth nearly watering at the sight of his glistening abs , Glistening because he was coated in sweat , indicating that hed been here for a while working out .
When my eyes gazed up at his form , I say that he had a towel wrapped around his shoulders , collecting the sweat off the back of his neck .
My eyes found his and I saw the confusion and slight glitter of rage in his eyes .
What are you doing in here ? He asked , his tone low and deadly .
I wasnt afraid of him though ; Im not sure if anything he did could make me truly fear him .
But I was conscious that he was angry , and it was my presence that made him this way .
It hurt ; I wasnt going to lie .
I … I was going to work out , I told him , staring at the ground , unable to look him in the eyes .
All the pain and loneliness I faced these last few weeks of this man came rushing through my body and I was suddenly feeling smaller than I had in a long time .
What was wrong with me ? He looked at me as if he didnt believe me ; he looked annoyed .
He stared down at the bag on the ground and pressed his lips in a thin line .
Why isnt that in a locker ? He asked .
It could get stolen Uh … I said , glancing over my shoulder at the locker room .
There are no lockers left .
He scowled as he grabbed my bag off the floor and started towards the mens locker room .
W … what are you doing ? I asked him .
Putting it in my locker , he muttered and then he was gone .
He wasnt gone for long though ; I waited outside the locker room until he returned a few minutes later .
There , now it wont get stolen , he said , narrowing his eyes at me .
You shouldnt have come here .
I just wanted to get some working out in , I told him , gesturing for the workout equipment .
He studied me for a moment longer and then he stepped back , allowing me to walk around him .
I started to weave through the people , keeping my head down as I walked past a few known gammas .
I walked up the stairs and to the second floor where the treadmills and bikes were .
I was glad to see there were quite a few treadmills available .
I chose one that overlooked some of the gym ; I figured if I could see them , they could see me and part of why I wanted to work out in the gym this morning was so I could be seen I wanted the competition to see me and know that I wasnt one to mess with .
I got on the treadmill and started off on a light jog .
I hadnt noticed the person who got on the other treadmill beside me ; at least not until I heard it beeping to life and the person beside me started at a fast sprint .
I looked over , my mouth dropping when I saw Gavin on the treadmill .noveldrama
Had he followed me ? J pressed my lips together , annoyed by the intrusion .
Gavin glanced at me , his eyes dark and narrowed in a silent challenge .
I knew he wanted to compete with me , and I wasnt going down without a fight .
I sped up the treadmill , matching his speed and then I went one speed high so I was sprinting a little faster .
It had gone faster than before , so this was nothing .
He would have to try harder than that if he wanted to sike me out A smirk played on his lips as we ran side by side and then I heard his treadmill beeping again , soon , he was running even faster .
I scowled at him , not wanting him to get the best of me , so I pressed an even higher speed
###Take 278
Chapter 0278 Sweat was beading at the nape of my neck the longer we ran like this .
I wasnt going to give up though ; I had done a lot faster in the past and a lot longer too .
I went jogging almost every morning before school , I was in great shape , and he would soon realize that as well .
I wasnt one to back down , not when it came to training my body .
He stared at me , his eyes never leaving mine as he pressed another button , making himself run even faster .
Soon , we were both running so fast that a normal person wouldnt be able to see our legs .
They were nothing but blurs as the treadmill continued to work overtime .
My lungs felt as if they were going to burst at any second .
Gavin didnt look phased though and 1 shouldnt have been surprised , he had probably done a lot worse than this .
I didnt want to back down though hand show him weakness ; I wanted to prove that I was worthy of this … that I had what it takes .
It was important to me .noveldrama
I didnt have time to comprehend what had happened before I fell off the treadmill and slammed into the ground , nearly flying toward the other side of the room .
Gavin stopped his treadmill and mine at the same time before jumping off and running towards me .
A shooting pain coursed up my leg from my ankle , making tears burn in my eyes .
Are you okay ? Gavin asked as he tried to assess the damage done to my ankle .
1 swatted him away , hating the throbbing pain I felt in my ankle , but I couldnt stop training now .
It was too early , and I had too much to prepare for .
Gavin grabbed my hands with one of his hands , keeping me from swatting him away again , and then he asked my ankle with his other hand .
Its sprained , he told me with a frown .
What were you thinking competing with me ? You should have been more careful .
Tears burned in my eyes as I stared at my swollen red ankle .
I knew that it would be healed before the competition started tomorrow .
I needed to be careful on it for tonight though so it could heal properly .
he I need to get you to a doctor , he told me as he was about to scoop me into his arms .
I was on fight and flight mode though and right now .
I quickly wiggled out of his hold and pulled myself to my feet , biting my tongue through the searing pain in my ankle and trying hard to keep my pressure off it .
Im fine , I told him quickly .
I wanted to work out , so thats what Im going to do .
I started to hobble away , holding onto the wall for support .
It looked like I was going to have to skip leg day and work out my arms instead .
It was a setback , but I should be fine by tomorrow .
As a wolf , I was a fast healer , so I wasnt too worried about it .
I just hoped Id be prepared for the first round of competitions .
I highly suggest you get that checked out .
Youll make it worse if you continue to use your leg , Gavin said from behind me .
You might be the boss of me back home because I tutor your son .
But you arent the boss of me here , I told him , putting my hands on my hips .
I am capable of making my own decisions .
I know my body and what it can handle .
Ill get it looked at later , but for right now , Im able to continue my workout session .
1 started to hobble away again but he grabbed my arm , halting me .
You can barely walk , he said through his teeth , his fury Dashing across his eyes .
I pulled my arm away from him , surprising him with the amount of force I used .
###Take 279
I wanted to grab her , throw her over my shoulder , and get her out of there .
But I knew others would see and it would get back to Levi .
I didnt want him to know about her , which meant I needed to keep a low profile .
I couldnt focus on my own workout knowing she was out there hurting her ankle even more .
I went into the locker to room to grab my things along with Judys backpack , which I had put in my locker .
The second she was done with her stubborn fit , Im taking her to the resort urgent care .
Leaving the locker room , I went to find Judy .
I spotted her at the weights ; she seemed to be keeping off her ankle for the most part , which was good .
Maybe she wasnt as stupid as I thought she was .
That is until one of the competitors started talking to her .
With all the noise going on around the gym , it was hard to pick up their voices The second that the dumbbell went crashing down and Judy with her catlike reflexes grabbed it without hesitation before it slammed into the girl , I knew her ankle was done for .
I might not be able to pick out their voices in the crowd , but I could hear the bone cracking .
The look on Judys face shined with suppressed pain.
She didnt want this girl to see her pain ; she was trying to play it off like she was fine .
But why ? Who was this girl to Judy ? As Judy hobbled away and the girl going to find a new spotting partner , I rushed to Judy before she could get too far .
Not that she was walking fast with her broken ankle .
She nearly crumbled to the ground before I draped a coat around her shoulders , hoping that it would hide her body as I scooped her into my arms .
At first , she looked like she wanted to protest as she glared up at me with dark eyes .
But then her expression turned to pain ; I knew her resolve was cracking .
She knew what she had to do , the problem was she was too stubborn to admit it .
She sighed and rested her head against my chest ; I saw the crease between her brows as pain consumed her .
I held her close as I rushed her out of the gym .
I was glad I didnt run into many people , but there were a few paparazzi with cameras pointed in our direction .
I did my best to hide Judys face with the coat , barking at onlookers and paparazzi to give us some privacy , I was not in the mood to deal with any of them right now .
I was very familiar with this hotel , seeming it was owned by a long- time friends family .
So , I knew wh everything was without needing a map .
The resort urgent care wasnt too far from the gym .
Alpha Landry ? The receptionist asked as I rushed into the urgent care office .
She quickly stood to her feet when she saw the urgent look on my face and then her eyes fell on Judy .
She needs help .
Its her ankle , I said , rushing to a gurney in the corner of the room and placing Judy on top with the coat draped over her like a blanket .
Her ankle was so swellen , I wouldnt be able to wrap my hands around them .
They were red too and looked painful to touch .
She was sweating and her face had gone pale .
Judy was in a daze ; delirious from the pain and maybe whatever else this type of break did to her .
Maybe something more was damaged Dont worry , Alpha .
We have this handled , Dr.
Kelsey said as he hurried into the waiting room .
The receptionist must have called him when she saw Judy .
Chapter 0080 hands Dr.
Kelsey was a great doctor , and I knew Judy would be in good with him .
She was here , being taken care of by a doctor .
I watched her being rushed into the emergency room with doctors and nurses surrounding her … shell be fine .noveldrama
I can leave at any minute now …..
I should leave … Judys POV When I woke up , I was in an unfamiliar place .
Telling from the sterile scent and the neatly made beds that were lined up , Id say I was in some kind of infirmary .
I glanced around the room until my eyes landed on a sleeping form in the chair near my bed .
Gavin ? I asked ; my voice came out raspy .
I cleared it and tried again , only louder , startling him awake .
Youre awake , he said , his eyes finding mine .
How are you feeling ? I shrugged I guess better .
What happened ? I asked him .
ou to the Well , as I feared , you damaged your ankle even more .
You passed out from the pain when I brought you hospital .
They had to do surgery to reset your bone .
###Take 280
Chapter 0280 Gavins POV She was such an idiot .
I wanted to grab her , throw her over my shoulder , and get her out of there .
But I knew others would see and it would get back to Levi .
I didnt want him to know about her , which meant I needed to keep a low profile .
I couldnt focus on my own workout knowing she was out there hurting her ankle even more .
I went into the locker to room to grab my things along with Judys backpack , which I had put in my locker .
The second she was done with her stubborn fit , Im taking her to the resort urgent care .
Leaving the locker room , I went to find Judy .
I spotted her at the weights ; she seemed to be keeping off her ankle for the most part , which was good .
Maybe she wasnt as stupid as I thought she was .
That is until one of the competitors started talking to her .
With all the noise going on around the gym , it was hard to pick up their voices The second that the dumbbell went crashing down and Judy with her catlike reflexes grabbed it without hesitation before it slammed into the girl , I knew her ankle was done for .
I might not be able to pick out their voices in the crowd , but I could hear the bone cracking .noveldrama
The look on Judys face shined with suppressed pain.
She didnt want this girl to see her pain ; she was trying to play it off like she was fine .
But why ? Who was this girl to Judy ? As Judy hobbled away and the girl going to find a new spotting partner , I rushed to Judy before she could get too far .
Not that she was walking fast with her broken ankle .
She nearly crumbled to the ground before I draped a coat around her shoulders , hoping that it would hide her body as I scooped her into my arms .
At first , she looked like she wanted to protest as she glared up at me with dark eyes .
But then her expression turned to pain ; I knew her resolve was cracking .
She knew what she had to do , the problem was she was too stubborn to admit it .
She sighed and rested her head against my chest ; I saw the crease between her brows as pain consumed her .
I held her close as I rushed her out of the gym .
I was glad I didnt run into many people , but there were a few paparazzi with cameras pointed in our direction .
I did my best to hide Judys face with the coat , barking at onlookers and paparazzi to give us some privacy , I was not in the mood to deal with any of them right now .
I was very familiar with this hotel , seeming it was owned by a long- time friends family .
So , I knew wh everything was without needing a map .
The resort urgent care wasnt too far from the gym .
Alpha Landry ? The receptionist asked as I rushed into the urgent care office .
She quickly stood to her feet when she saw the urgent look on my face and then her eyes fell on Judy .
She needs help .
Its her ankle , I said , rushing to a gurney in the corner of the room and placing Judy on top with the coat draped over her like a blanket .
Her ankle was so swellen , I wouldnt be able to wrap my hands around them .
They were red too and looked painful to touch .
She was sweating and her face had gone pale .
Judy was in a daze ; delirious from the pain and maybe whatever else this type of break did to her .
Maybe something more was damaged Dont worry , Alpha .
We have this handled , Dr.
Kelsey said as he hurried into the waiting room .
The receptionist must have called him when she saw Judy .
Chapter 0080 hands Dr.
Kelsey was a great doctor , and I knew Judy would be in good with him .
She was here , being taken care of by a doctor .
I watched her being rushed into the emergency room with doctors and nurses surrounding her … shell be fine .
I can leave at any minute now …..
I should leave … Judys POV When I woke up , I was in an unfamiliar place .
Telling from the sterile scent and the neatly made beds that were lined up , Id say I was in some kind of infirmary .
I glanced around the room until my eyes landed on a sleeping form in the chair near my bed .
Gavin ? I asked ; my voice came out raspy .
I cleared it and tried again , only louder , startling him awake .
Youre awake , he said , his eyes finding mine .
How are you feeling ? I shrugged I guess better .
What happened ? I asked him .
ou to the Well , as I feared , you damaged your ankle even more .
You passed out from the pain when I brought you hospital .
They had to do surgery to reset your bone .
###Take 281
My heart dropped into my stomach as I looked at my leg and saw the bulky cast on it .
This was not good .
I glanced around , frantic for a time .
Maybe there was time for this to heal and Ill be okay before the competition .
Its almost morning .
Weve been here for several hours , he explained , I nearly let out a choked sob from what he had said .
It was almost morning , which meant I had no time for this to heal .
I was doomed .
I was going to get disqualified or male a fool out of myself .
This was my one shot at making an impression and I was about to fail it .
Before he could say anything more , the doctor came into the room Miss Judy , youll have to stay off it for the next 24 to 48 lurs .
Your wolf will start the healing process now that we reset it properly , the doctor said , giving me a fond smile .
I also gave you some medicine to help heal you faster .
Thank you , I said to him , grateful that he was able to help me , but not so grateful that I was not going to be okay by the competition .
He nodded and then bowed at Gavin before , leaving the room Are you going to actually listen to him and stay off it ? Gayin asked , raising his brows at me .
1 pressed my lips together .
Doesnt look like I have a choice , I muttered .
No , you dont , he said , his tone low and hidden with a quiet threat .
I have business I need to get done today .
Im trusting that youll stay here .
He stood and started to walk away .
Did you stay with me all night ? I asked him , stopping him from getting any further .
What ? Did you stay with me all night ? I asked again , more loudly this time .
He was quiet for a moment longer before his eyes found mine from over his shoulder .
Yes , he replied .
he Why ? My v My voice came out as a whisper ; I hated that tears were burning in my eyes .
I didnt want him to see me as weak right now , I didnt need him pitying me .
I didnt want you to wake up alone .
With those words in the air between us , he turned and walked out of the room .
I kept my eyes glued on the door he just walked through , wondering where he was going and what kind of business he had .
Did it involve the competition ? Should I be involved in this business too ? I groaned knowing that I couldnt do anything about it because I was lying in a hospital bed , helpless … weak .
The door flew open and soon , Nan was rushing into the room .
We listed each other as emergency contacts when we checked in , so the doctor called me after you got out of surgery to update me , she told me as she threw her arms around me .
I think I blew the competition , I said , tears spilling out of my eyes and down my cheeks .
I had been holding in these tears for some time now and I was relieved to finally be able to release them .
No … no , you still have a chance , Nan said as she hugged me ; I knew she was just trying to make me feel better , but I didnt .
My ankle is broken , and it wont be fixed for another 24 hours , I cried .
I was supposed to start today .
We will figure it out , she whispered .
We spent some time talking and eventually , thanks to the pain medication the doctor gave me , I ended up falling asleep .noveldrama
This time when I woke up , it was because of a strange presence wafted into the room as the door opened .
I opened my eyes and looked over at the man walking towards me .
It was Beta Ron .
A second later , Nan came rushing into the room as well and my eyes dropped at the sight of her smile .
Whats going on ? I asked , staring between the two of them .
She came to us and explained that you were injured and couldnt compete until tomorrow , Beta Ron said , glancing at his clipboard with a frown .
We switched you with another person so you can compete tomorrow morning instead .
Are you serious  I asked my hope in my throat , waiting to burst .
Beta Ron nodded .
Yeah , and you have this one to thank for that .
She was persistent , Ron muttered .
He turned and left the room .
Nan squealed and hugged me .
I couldnt believe this … I was going to compete , and nothing was standing in my way this time .
Thank you , Nan , I breathed as I hugged her back .
I told you , we got this , she replied .
She was right ; we got this .
###Take 282
Chapter 0282 Judys POV Are you sure your foot is okay ? Nan asked as she followed me around our suite .
It was later In the evening , the first round of the competition ended .
I managed to see about an hour of it after I left the resort urgent care .noveldrama
Nan and I found some empty seats in the audience and cheered on the first round of competitors.
Some had already gotten eliminated , and it was brutal to watch .
I tried not to look at Gavin who sat with the other Lycans in the front row .
I hated how good he looked and how badly I wanted of rip that suit off his body .
The memory of his touch made my body tremble .
Did you hear me ? Nan asked , waiving her hand in front of my face , bringing me back to the present moment .
Sorry , I said as I went to the closet .
I grabbed a dress that brought and turned to look at her .
What did you say ? I asked if you were sure your foot was okay .
You dont have to go to this dinner .
You didnt compete today .
I know , but I want to be there for support , I told her .
You could always come with me .
I promised some of the girls Id go to a bar with them tonight , Nan said pointing .
Im sorry .
Go have fun ; dont worry about me , I told her , hugging her .
And yes , my foot is fine .
Its already out of the and its only been a few hours .
I could still feel pain , but it wasnt nearly as bad .
If I go easy and dont use it too much , then Ill be fine and ready to compete tomorrow morning .
I went to get dressed , and Nan helped me fix my hair and makeup .
I wanted to make some good impressions at this dinner .
Every night this week there was going to be a special dinner for the competitors .
We didnt have to go to them , but it left an impression .
After I said my goodbyes to Nan for the evening , I went straight to the party room .
Once again , I had to follow the map , and a few times , I got horribly lost .
Eventually , I found the room where the event was being held .
Gavins POV You definitely want to go to this dinner ? Derek asked with a timid frown on his face as he stared at me .
The elevator doors opened , and I stepped out with Derek following closely behind me .
The Paparazzi snapped pictures of me and paused so I could pose for some pictures I wasnt a complete dick .
After a minute , Derek helped me get out of the hands of the paparazzi and towards the party room .
I I figured I should show my face for at least one of these dinners , I murmured .
We reached the party room , and I walked inside .
From there I was greeted by eager fans and bows of respect .
The room was decorated beautifully for the competitors , and everybody wore their best clothes .
These events were typically held in formal attire .
Alpha Landry , so good for you to join us , Alpha Levi said as he handed me a glass of wine .
I frowned at him ; I didnt trust this guy , especially with Judy in the same resort .
Theres no telling what he would do to her if he found out about what was going on between ijs .
We missed you at the banquet last night .
It was meant to kick off the competition , Levi continued as he took a sip of his red wine .
Chapter 0282 I got in kind of late , I lied .
I wanted to rest .
Understandable , Levi said , his eyes icy .
You are very busy , so I dont blame you .
The last thing I wanted to do was stand there and make small talk .
I could feel the other Lycans watching me .
They were always filled with jealousy and resentment , so I tried to keep a distance from them when I could .
My eyes immiedalty caught wind of something and I froze .
Judy was walking through the door , her dress hugging her thin and strong form perfectly .
Its crazy how she could go from looking like a gym rat to a supermodel .
My eyes trailed down her slender legs and I frowned when I saw there was no cast on her ankle .
She looked nervous as she walked through the door ; she had her hands on her stomach like she might get sick at any moment .
She was supposed to be resting her ankle … but on top of that , being here was ous for her .
What was she thinking ? Following me here ? Now it seemed as if she wanted everyone to find about us
###Take 283
Chapter 0283
Anger surged through me, and I heard the low growl of my wolf. If I didn’t get him under control, everyone would see me lose it entirely. I knew I was projecting a powerful aura and soon, the entire resort would feel it as well.
I excused myself from Levi as I walked toward Judy. My eyes glared at her, and she was oblivious to it. However, the second she saw me, shock registered on her face. I grabbed her arm before she could say a word and pulled her out of the party room and into the hallway. She stumbled over her own feet, wincing in pain and I momently felt like a jackass because I knew her ankle still hurt her despite the fact that she was no longer wearing a cast.
I pressed Judy into the wall, pinning her beneath my body. She trembled and I wasn’t sure if it was out of fear, or desire.
“You shouldn’t be here. Are you trying to make me look stupid?” I sneered. I didn’t like how I sounded. I knew I sounded like a jerk, but I couldn’t help myself.
“How does me being here affect you?” Judy bit back, giving me a shove so I’d loosen my grip on her. I had to hand it to her; I liked the fact that wasn’t afraid to stand her ground and she never held back when it came to me. She wasn’t afraid of me… it was refreshing.
“Coming to stalk me… affects me,” I said, my eyes landing on her full lips. She was nibbling on her lower lip, drawing my attention. I knew she was only doing it out of a nervous habit, but it made me want to taste her lips.noveldrama
“And who said anything about stalking you?” She asked, her eyes glancing at my mouth before she met my eyes again.
“What else would you be doing here?”
“Perhaps you should pay more attention,” she replied, giving me another shove. “Now can I go back to the party room? I’m quite hungry and would like to get some food before it’s all gone.”
I wanted to argue with her that she shouldn’t be eating the meal prepared for the competitors. I could just take her to dinner myself and we can have a meal in the small city. I couldn’t explain it, but I had this strong urge to get her out of this resort and hide her away. A large part of me wanted to protect her in more ways than I could.
“You shouldn’t be walking around,” I warned her.
She was about to say something more, but then voices in the party room stopped her. They were right by the door and easy to pick up on.
“Has Judy Montague arrived yet?”
“Not yet, Alpha. I’ll let you know as soon as she does.”
“see that you do.”
I recognized the voices as Levi and his Beta. I furrowed my brows, confused by what I had heard.
“Why would Alpha Levi be speaking to you about?” I asked, narrowing my eyes at her; I had her pinned against the wall again within a second.
‘How am I supposed to know?” She asked through her teeth. “It’s not your business.”
A smirk played on my lips.
“Did you come here to seduce me?” I asked her, my voice low and sultry, my breath brushing across the side of her face, making her body tremble beneath mine.
I knew she wanted to give in; she was seconds away from caving. I was good when it came to these types of games. The door to the party room started to open and I knew it was my queue to break what was happening between us. I pulled away from her in time for Beta Ron to walk into the hallway, freezing when he saw us.
“Alpha Landry,” Beta Ron nodded at me before his eyes flickered to Judy and widened. “Alpha Levi requests that you speak with him once you arrive.”
I narrowed my eyes at Ron and then glanced at Judy.
How did Levi even know she was coming here?
“Do you know what it’s about?” Judy asked as she spared me one last look and then turned to walk into the party
room.
“I’m sure it’s about your first day competing tomorrow,” I caught Ron saying as the door shut, leaving me in the hall alone, my mouth agape.
Judy was competing?
###Take 284
Chapter 0284 Judys POV Oh , Judy .
There you are , Alpha Levi said as I approached smiled at him , feeling a bit awkward and frazzled after my conversation with Gavin .
I could feel that my checks were incredibly hot and I touched them lightly , hoping they werent as red as they felt .
If Levi noticed , he didnt say anything , or stare at them .
I heard you wanted to speak with me ? I asked .
He nodded and glanced down at my foot .
How is your ankle ? He asked .
Its healing , I assured him .
By tomorrow morning itll be completely healed .
Good , He said thoughtfully .
Make sure you ice it tonight and try to stay off it as much as you can , he told me .
Your table is right over there .
He pointed to one of the clothed tables and in one of the empty seats was a small nameplate that read : Judy .
Thank you , Alpha , I said ; I started towards the table , but he stopped me .
Actually , I wanted to introduce you to someone , he told me , stopping me in my tracks .
I turned to look at him , plastering a polite smile .
All I really wanted to do was sit down and get this dinner over with Sure , I agreed .
He motioned for me to follow him , so I did .
I ignored Gavins penetrating gaze ; I noticed him while I was talking to Alpha Levi .
His eyes were dark , and his lips were pressed in a thin line .
If he was going get rid of me talking to his enemy , perhaps this would be more fun than I thought .
A grin spread across my lips , but I stifled it with a cough as I passed by Gavin .
We stopped in front of a young man , no older than me , speaking with a few people .
His back was turned , but he was tall and had a good head of black ; it was sleek and went down to his shoulders .
The kind of hair that made a woman want to run her fingers through it … or braid it .
I stood beside Alpha Levi and to my surprise , he placed his hand on the small of my back and he kept a tight grip on my hip .
It made me a bit uncomfortable , but I remained frozen beside him .
Theo , Alpha Levi said , getting the mans attention .
When he turned , I met his forest green eyes and a dimpled smile .
He had a pretty boys face , and I knew right away that he had no trouble finding women .
Keeping women though … well … he looked like a typical womanizer .
The way his smile grew when he saw me , I knew he was going of be an issue for the next couple of weeks .
Alpha Levi , Theo said, glancing up at the Alpha and bowing his head slightly : What can I do for you ? I wanted to introduce you to Judy Montague .
Shes from the Redmoon pack , Levi introduced .
Judy , Theodore Humphry , hes from the Darkmoon pack … my pack .
this is Its an honor to meet you , Miss Judy , Theo said , taking my hand in his and bringing it to his lips .
It felt weird to have his lips on my skin , but I gave him a polite smile in return .
You as well , I said to him .
I wasnt entirely sure why Levi was introducing us , but I figured I would find out soon .
Chapter noka – Theo is one of my top students , Levi continued to explain Hes going to be a tough one to beat .
Theo looked proud of himself ; was this some kind of sike out ? I forced another smile , trying not to look bothered .
Is that so ? I asked him .
I had a good teacher , he told me .noveldrama
Are you here alone ? It was a quick subject change that took me by surprise .
I blinked at him , but then I nodded .
Uh , yeah .
My friend went elsewhere for dinner , I told him You are here with just a friend ? He asked .
Yes , I said as I studied him .
I studied his many facial expressions and his stance while speaking to me .
He was easy to read , and I wondered if he was just as easy to read on the battle friend .
No doubt I would have to fight him at some point ; I needed to do some research on this guy and find out his fighting techniques .
Before I could say anything more , the food started to be served .
I turned back to Theo who was watching me with an expression that I couldnt quite read , and it made me unsettled .
Im going to take a seat , I told him , pointing at the table It was nice to meet you .
I looked at Alph Levi and bowed my head slightly to him before departing and heading toward my table .
Everybody was already seated at their tables except for one seat that was empty .
It was right next to mine .
I wondered if they decided not to come to this dinner ; I probably should have just gone with Nan .
I wasnt really finding out much information about anyone .
They were all being careful not to show their weaknesses , knowing that they would be scoped out .
###Take 285
Chapter 0285 1 caught wind of a couple of girls speaking at the table next to mine .
I took riote of how the girls interacted with one another .
The way one of them had her leg bouncing and the other kept tapping her fingers on the table .
Every little detail mattered because it could help when it counted the more .
The competition didnt start in the pit , it started the second the plane landed in this country .
Every moment was part of the competition , and I had to be careful with what I did and who I spoke to .
I felt a presence beside me and when I turned , I froze Theo was seated beside me .
He had a grin on his face as he looked down at me and my stomach twisted .
I knew he was going to be a problem these next few weeks .
What are you doing ? I asked in a whisper .
He grabbed the nameplate off the seat and showed it to me my eyes grew wide when I realized that was his seat .
Of course , it was , I shouldnt have been surprised that this was my luck .
So , are you seeing anyone ? He asked against my ear , making me instinctively pull away .
Thats not any of your concern , I told him , avoiding his gaze .
Well , what if I wanted to take you out ? He asked , that grin never leaves his face .
He was so full of himself .
I dont date the competition , I told him , my eyes narrowed as I finally looked up to meet his eyes .
He was sitting way too close to me for my comfort .
I heard something slamming and shattering across the room , making much of the room , including me , jump .
I turned to see Gavin standing with the eyes of his wolf shining .
He smashed his plate .
Food was everywhere on the table ; even the other Lycans were staring at him , their mouths agape .
The only one who wasnt looking at him was Alpha Levi .
He was sipping on his wine with a smug look on his face .
Had he said something to Gavin to make him angry ? The room had fallen so silent that you could hear a pin drop .
Whats going on ? Theo asked .
Im not sure , I replied , my heart in my throat .noveldrama
Gavin wasnt looking at me , more like staring at the room as a whole .
He looked down at his plate and muttered something , keeping his tone low enough that not even I could hear him .
He turned and stormed out of the room without a single lock .
My chest tightened .
I had a strange urge to follow him to make sure he was okay or didnt get himself in any trouble .
He was clearly mad about something , and it disrupted the entire room .
A couple of staff members came to clean up the mess and replace his food .
The other Lycans started to talk amongst themselves at Gavins outburst .
Shortly after , the food for the rest of us started to get served , making the entire room smell delicious , I knew I wasnt going to be able to eat … at least not until I made sure Gavin was okay .
1 Excuse me a moment , I said to the table as I stood .
I need to use the restroom .
They nodded as I walked away .
Once I got near the door , I started to speed up .
I pushed through the door and stumbled into the hallway , I looked around , frowning .
Where could he have gone ? As I walked down the hallway , the silence started to feel eecle .
It was deliberate .
# : Chapter 25 It made me freeze all together ; was someone watching ; me Before I could speak , I felt a hand grabbing my wrist .
I spun around , my heart in my throat as I pulled into the nearby closet and pressed against the wall .
I not only recognized the scent but also the body pressed up against me .
G … Gavin ? I asked .
Oh , you remembered my name , he sneered , his lips brushing gross my earlobe as he nipped at it .
I wiggled beneath him , trying to get myself free , but it only made him press into me that much stronger .
Gavin , let me go , I demanded .
Why should ? So , you can go off with my Mr.
Boy ? He seethed ; I could hear the anger and hatred in his tone , and it made me freeze .
Was that why he was upset ? Because Theo was talking to me ? Was Gavin actually jealous ? Youre lucky I didnt kill him right then and there , he growled ; his tone was low and deadly , sending a chill up my spine .
He brushed his lips across the nape of my neck ; I thought my heart was going to beat right out of my chest with how fast it was beating .
If I ever see his hands on you again … he started to say , his voice raspy as he brushed his lips across mine .
Ill make sure its the last thing he does .
###Take 286
Chapter 0286 Judys POV Gavin kissed me gently , like his resolve was starting to break .
Part of me didnt want it to break though .
I liked this side of him … I liked that he was jealous of me .
I ran my fingers up the inside of his shirt , allowing my palms to brush across his smooth abs .
He parted his lips as he breathed me in , our lips only inches apart as we struggle against what we wanted and what was right .noveldrama
My hands continued to glide up his body , making sure to touch each and every ab on his torso until I reached the top of his chest .
Wrapping my arms around the back of his deck , I leaned up and kissed him .
That was all he needed .
His wolf went from furious to lustful in a matter of seconds He quickly unbuttoned his shirt as he deepened the kiss , pinning me against the wall with his knee as he used his hand to remove each button .
His tongue glided across my bottom lip , and I welcomed it into my mouth without hesitation .
I sucked on his tongue as he found the zipper of my dress , pulling it down gently .
I appreciated that he didnt rip the dress off my body because I didnt have another nice one like this .
My dress fell to the ground , and I stepped out of it , leaving me in my bra and panties .
I was glad I wore my good and matching undergarments .
Both were black and lacy , making his eyes grow dark .
Who are you wearing these for ? He asked , taking in my appearance .
Do I need a reason to want to feel sexy ? I asked in return , ignoring his question .
A low growl escaped his throat as he once again pressed me into the wall ; his lips coming down on mine as he gave me a bruising kiss .
He ran his lips down the nape of my neck as he pulled my underwear to the lice .
He ran his finger through my soaked slits , and I heard him growl deeply at the feeling .
He brought his fingers to my mouth and made me taste myself on him .
It only turned me on even more , I wanted him … I needed him .
I couldnt seem to stop myself from touching him ; I ran my fingers up and down his washboard abs , feeling a swarm of butterflies taking flight in the pit of my belly .
He reached down , pulling back slightly and unpinning me from the wall .
He quickly undid his belt , dropping it to the ground and then he undid his pants .
I watched as he kicked his pants to the side , leaving him in only his boxers .
My mouth watered at the sight of him ; he was so hot that it should have been illegal .
He grabbed my hips , hands firm as he gripped , taking away the feeling of Levis hands as he squeezed the side of my hip .
his I wrapped my arms around his neck , allowing him to lift me .
Instinctively , I wrapped my legs around his waist as he pressed me back against the wall .
He kissed me like a hungry animal and I was his pretty .
Our tongues tangled with one another , both fighting over dominance of one another .
I wasnt sure where this strong need came from , especially considering I had sex with him my first night here .
But I suddenly couldnt seem to get enough ; I couldnt get close enough and I desperately wanted to get closer .
As if he could read my thoughts , or maybe he was feeling the same way too , he lowered his boxers , making his manhood fling free and rubbing against my center .
He breathed me in as he slowly pushed inside of me .
Shots of pleasure coursed through me as he hit that perfect spot over and over again .
I gasped out his name because that was all 1 could think to say , my heart , body , and soul were filled with Gavin Landry and I needed that to be expressed .
I wanted him to know that he doesnt have to worry about other men because the only one I want … the only one my body craves … is him .
Chapter 0766 In this closet , there was no sense of time .
There was only Gavin and me and tingles ran through my body like a lightning bolt .
With each thrust , he got deeper inside of me and a few times he had to silence me with a kiss because I was being too loud .
He nibbled on my ear , nipped at my neckline , and left small marks along my breasts .
He reached between us where we were joined and he rubbed my clit with his thumb , teasing the little nub until it was swollen .
I breathed out his name as I came undone and in a few more thrusts , he was growing in my ear as he came undone .
###Take 287
Chapter 0287 We remained like that for a moment longer ; both silent and breathing in one another .
My body trembled from the aftershock of pleasure that coursed through me , He slowly pulled out of me , making me whimper from the loss of him .
He unpinned me and I slid down the wall , my body still trembling .
He didnt say anything as he quickly dressed , tossing me my clothes as well so I could dress .
I was shaking now , and it wasnt because of the aftershocks of pleasure , it was because of all the raw emotions I was feeling at that moment .
It was a feeling I had never remotely felt before and it was terrifying I wanted to cry , I hit my lip , trying to desperately keep the tears away .
Why didnt you tell me you were competing ? He asked while struggling to zip my dress .
I was turned away from him so he wouldnt see my face .
I didnt want him to know that I was crying .
I hated that I was … but I couldnt help myself .noveldrama
These emotions were too much for me to handle and I thought my heart was going to explode .
I wasnt sure what to say to him or how to answer his question in the first place .
I felt his hands on the small of my back and realized just how close he was to me .
My entire body went tense from the feeling of him .
His lips brushed across the back of my neck as I felt his hands gliding up the bare of my skin as he zipped my dress for me .
He must have seen me struggling with the zipper .
Answer me , he demanded in a low tone against my ear , sending warmth throughout my entire body .
I tried , I admitted .
His eyes narrowed .
What ? You were always so busy , I never got the chance .
But I tried .
I figured you were done with me , so I decided not to tell you after all , I said , nibbling on my lower lip .
He grabbed hold of my arms and spun me around to face him .
Why would you think I was done with you ? When I didnt answer , he scowled .
I looked up at him , blinkng away the tears before they spilled out of my eyes and down my cheeks .
Youve been ignoring me these last couple of weeks , I told him .
I barely see you anymore … I already told you Ive been busy , he said through his teeth .
I nodded .
I know … I whispered .
I just … I dont know … He remained quiet for a moment longer and I cleared my throat , feeling awkward .
I should get back … I told him , motioning for the door .
As started to pass him , he grabbed my arm once more , halting me in my tracks .
When he spoke , his low and sultry , making my skin tingle from his close proximity .
Come to my room tonight .
Chapter 0287 Third Person POV Alpha Levi stared at the door that Judy had just walked through .
He knew she was going to check on Gavin .
He also knew that she was going to come up with some excuse for her table , like going to the bathroom or something .
Seeing the look on Judys face when Gavin had that outburst upon seeing her with another man was all the truth Levi needed to see .
He wasnt going to take Ethans word without finding out the truth for himself .
But now he sees that Ethan was correct … Gavin is involved with Judy .
Alpha Levi scanned the room until his eyes found Millys , his daughter .
He had high hopes for her, though he knew she wouldnt win the entire competition despite what she might think .
He had way more promising students than her .
But she was useful when it came to gossip and getting information that Alpha Levi needed when it came to Miss Montague .
Then there was his other secret weapon .
He purposefully placed Theos name card next to Judy .
He wanted Theo to make moves on Judy , maybe even get her to trust him enough to talk to him .
Or maybe to just get a rise out of Gavin .
Gavin wasnt the kind of man who had many weaknesses , but now that Levi found out the truth about his relationship with Judy Montague , he knew that maybe Gavin did have a weakness after all .
Theo met Levis eyes and grinned , giving Levi a slight nod Things were going according to plan.
###Take 288
Chapter 0288 Gavins POV I didnt bother returning to the dinner .
I didnt need to deal with Levi and his shit .
He made me lose my cool in front of everybody and now they were going to see me as a monster .
That wasnt something I wanted to deal with right now .
During the dinner , I sent a text to Beta Taylor , asking him to find out if Judy was actually competing .
He sent me a digital copy of the competitors and sure enough , Judy was amongst them .
I clenched my fists ; how could she not tell me something as important as this ? 1 How did she even get here ? Did she take a commercial plane ? I had my private plane , I could have brought her here ..
And did she come here herself ? Or was a friend with her ? Would she be stupid enough to travel to a different country completely by herself ? I had a lot of questions I needed answered and I wasnt going to be able to rest until I got these answers .
I took a long walk , and my Gamma , Derek , trailed me but tried not to make it obvious .
He was good at hiding in the shadows and only being seen when needed .
I returned to my hotel suite and got undressed .
I put on a pair of sweatpants and a T shirt .noveldrama
Derek went to his own room ; I wanted my privacy , so I got us each our own rooms .
I dismissed him for the night telling him I could handle myself .
I was still reeling from the dinner party .
The thought of that jackass touching Judy ; he was sitting way too close to her and kept whispering in her ear .
What the fuck was he saying to her to make her blush ? There was a soft knock on the door .
I glanced at the time and saw that it was just after 9 pm .
I had been so lost in thought that I wasnt paying attention to the time .
I went to the door and pulled it open , saw Judy starting to walk away .
Her head was down and her face was red like an apple .
She was leaving , not wanting me to know that she tried to knock .
It was soft enough that she probably thought I didnt hear it , but I had Lycan hearing so it seemed louder to me .
Before she even noticed I opened the door , I grabbed her arm and pulled her into the room , slamming the door behind us .
She gasped and fell into me as I wrapped my arms around her , holding her as tightly as I could without crushing her .
Where did you think you were going ? I asked her .
She relaxed as I continued to hold her .
1 … I thought maybe youd be sleeping , she told me , her voice coming out as a breathy whisper .
Dont lie to me , Judy , I whispered as my lips brushed across her upper cheek .
She let out the breath she had been holding before she peeked up at me through her lashes .
She parted her lips to say something , but I didnt give her the chance .
I closed the gap between us , kissing her hungrily and deeply until she was nothing but a puddle in my arms .
I deepened the kiss even more , shoving my tongue into her mouth and tasting everything she had to offer .
Something about her made me feel feral .
She ran her fingers up my body , taking my shirt off in the process .
I tossed the shirt to the ground and pulled her closer to me , my hands firmly gripping her hips , thrusting my groin against her as we made our way to the bed .
She was still wearing that sexy little black dress that made me want to rip it off her body , but I didnt want to destroy her dress when these dinner parties were important to her .
I slowly undid the zipper of her dress , letting it fall to the ground as I lifted her up and onto the bed .
Our lips never broke apart from one another ; this time , it was different .
It was slower , more intimate feeling , and less feral .
I used my teeth to pull down the straps of her bra , making her tremble from my touch .
I pulled her bra down until her breasts sprang free from their hold .
Her nipples were hard and begging for me to touch them ; small goosebumps lined the sides of her breasts as I ran my fingers across them , tugging at her nipples in the process .
and making them even harder .
I smiled at the effect I had on her body .
###Take 289
Chapter 0289 I ran my lips across her cleavage and then I stuck my tongue out to coat her beautiful pink nipples .
She gasped at 1 the feeling , and I wanted to take it a step further and nibble on them .
I hit one of her nipples , tugging it into my mouth and making her whimper .
But it didnt seem like she was in pain … no , she was enjoying herself just fine .
1 let out a growl as I continued to tease and play with her breasts until my lips found hers again .
She kissed me deeply like she couldnt get enough of me , as if she was parched and 1 was her last sip of water .
She drew my bottom lip into her mouth and sucked on it like it was a piece of candy .
She ran her fingers down my broad back , landing at the seams of my waistband .
I already knew what she wanted , and I wasnt going to deny her so I pulled down my sweatpants , boxers , and all , flinging my erection free for her to touch .
She wrapped her small hands around it and started to stroke it while she kissed me .
The feeling of her hands on me made me even harder and my cock twitched in her palm This woman was going to be my undoing , I thought to myself as I devoured her lips , making them swollen from my bruising kisses .
Gavin … she whispered , her eyes half closed as she wiggled beneath me .
She was tugging on my member , trying to bring it closer to her center .
I need you .
I smirked and ran my lips across the nape of her neck , taking in her scent and the warmth her body radiated .
Tell me you wont let him touch you , I said through my teeth .
Any of them .
She didnt need me to clarify who I was talking about .
I saw the way Theo kissed her hand and how Levi put his hand on the small of her back .
Both of which infuriated me .
She looked up at me , her eyes filled with lust and desire .
What ? She asks softly , her brows pinching together lightly .
I kissed the crease between her brows , softening her facial expression .
Im the only one allowed to touch you , I whispered in her ear , my tone growly .
I positioned my cock at her center , ready to push inside of her , but I needed to hear her confirmation that her body was mine to do , touch , and please whenever the fuck I want I wanted to be sure that no other man would touch her and that included Alpha Levi .
Repeat me , I said , pressing her firmly into the bed .
She peeked up at me , nipping at my bottom lip playfully and small smile playing on her lips .
Youre the only one allowed to touch me , Gavin , she whispered .
I pushed inside of her without a second thought , plunging until I was completely filling her .
She gasped at the sudden intrusion , but then I felt her relaxing as pleasure coursed through her .
She threw her head back and panted out my name .
I loved hearing her say my name when I made her feel good like this .
It made me want to hear it again and again until she couldnt speak anymore .
Say it again , I demanded .
Say my name .
Gavin … she breathed .
Oh , yes , Gavin .
Dont stop … she pleaded .
1 lifted her up , making her straddle my lap as I kissed her and bounced her on top of me .
I ran my lips down the nape of her neck , nibbling on the soft part beneath her car and making her tremble with pleasure .
Say it again , I demanded .
Gavin … she whispered hoarsely .
with I kissed her , our kiss deep and lingering .
I ran my nails down her back , knowing that I was marking her up my nails , but I also knew shed heal tomorrow and it would be like it never happened .
She didnt seem to mind though ; she relaxed into me allowing me to thrust even harder .
I felt my cock twitching inside of her and I knew it wouldnt be long before I reached the peak .
She wrapped her legs tightly around my waist and her body was racked with shudders as she fell over the edge ; I fell immediately after her , releasing my seed and coating her inner walls with everything I had to offer .
We had sex a few more times that night before we both passed out from exhaustion .noveldrama
By the next morning , Judy was gone .
###Take 290
Chapter 0290 Judys POV Are you really not going to tell me why you came home so late last night ? No way did that dinner end at 2 am , Nan said , folding her arms across her chest as she watched me rummage through my clothes , trying to find the workout outfit I planned to wear for the competition .
Nope , I told her , grinning .
I really didnt want to have to think about it right now , honestly .
I couldnt seem to stop thinking about Gavin and how he made me feel last night .
The raw emotions that were so real in my chest last night felt foreign now .
I could still feel the ghost of his touch on my body , and I shuddered at the memory .
I finally found my clothes and went into the bathroom to change .
I was nervous enough about this competition , I didnt need to start second guessing things with Gavin too .
Youre no fun ! Nan said from the other side of the bathroom door .
I chuckled as I quickly dressed and threw my hair in a ponytail .
After I finished with my business , I opened the bathroom door to find Nan standing in front of me with her hands folded across her chest .
Id tell you if anything happened between me and boy , she told me , sticking her nose in the air .
I laughed and gave her a playful shove as I walked past her Theres not much to tell , 1 admitted .
I mean … we had sex .
Thats all there is to it .
Seriously though ? He made you so upset that you fled the country without saying anything to him , she reminded me .
We were supposed to be taking a break from guys .
She was right ; I did promise her that this would be a guy free trip .
She had to get her mind off Chester , and I wanted to get my mind off Gavin .
But now it seemed I couldnt stop thinking about Gavin .
Youre right , I told her .
Im sorry .
She sighed and shook her head .
No , Im sorry , she murmured .
Im being a terrible friend .
You clearly like him and I shouldnt stand in your way .
We are only causal fuck buddies , I teased with a shrug .
At least thats what it seems like we are … You havent talked about it ? She asked with a frown .
I shook my head .
No , and Im not sure Im going to , I admitted .
Things are really sloppy right now .
I think its better if I just focus on this competition .
She nodded thoughtfully as she glanced at the time .
Do you have time for breakfast ? I have an hour .
Lets get something fast , I replied .
We ended up getting breakfast at the breakfast buffet in the dining hall .
They had a lot of great food , but my nerves were getting the best of me so I decided to only eat a little .
I grabbed some orange juice and a piece of toast while Nan piled up her plate .
Chapter 0290 We took a seat at an empty table while she devoured her food and talked my ear off about her day with her new friends .
I was glad she met some people to occupy her time while I focused on this competition .
The small plate I had for my toast disappeared and I frowned down at where it was .
A second later , a new plate appeared in front of me .
It had a ton of food on it ; way more than I could stomach .
I looked up to see Gavin frowning at me ; my eyes grew wide .
You need to eat , he told me before he turned away with my toast .
I stared down at the food and then back at Gavin .
He was now seated at a different table , listening to something someone was saying with earnest curiosity .
My cheeks were flushed .
Had anyone noticed him doing that ? I glanced around and I didnt see anyone watching me , thankfully .
Nan looked as if she was about to burst out laughing as she nibbled on her own food , trying not to make eyel contact with me .
As annoyed as I was that Gavin did that , I couldnt argue with him .
I knew I had to eat properly if I wanted to get through today , that was why I was forcing toast down my throat .
I relented and picked up my fork .
Once I ate half the plate , I couldnt stomach it anymore and pushed it aside .
I glanced at the time ; I only had 20 minutes left before the competition started .
I have to go , I told Nan .
She nodded and gave me a double thumbs up .
Ill be rooting for you , she said .noveldrama
Good luck today ! I nodded and hurried out of the dining hall .
The competition arena was packed with participants and audience .
Alpha Levi was in the center of the arena , talking to some other Alphas and Lycans .
One of the Gammas who were keeping watch over the event directed me to some of the other competitors .
I had never been around this many people at once before and I had to admit , my nerves were on fire .
I was glad that my ankle no longer hurt , I just hoped I didnt damage it again while I was fighting .
Oh , its you , a voice said from beside me .
I turned to see that girl I met in the gym , Tabby .
Are you competing today ? She asked .
1 nodded .
Yes , I replied .
You ? Yup , she said with a grin .
Well most likely be fighting each other at some point today .
Good luck , she said with a wink .
###Take 291
Chapter 0291 As the announcers went over the rules on the loudspeaker , I listened earnes We were not allowed to kill anyone .
during these matches .
The only fight to the death was at the finale but until then , we had to be careful not to kill anyone or well be disqualified .
The first round was a free for all ; they wanted to see how we fought to get a feel for us .
We didnt exactly have to win the fight in this round , but we had to be able to continue on to the next rounds after today .
Our goal was to make it so that not all of us made it , some could get so injured not even their wolves could heal them in time .
If that happened , theyd be disqualified .
There were probably about 50 or 60 to start with today .
We werent allowed to shift during the first round so I had to use my human form to fight .
As the alarm sounded , indicating the match to begin , everybody was kind of everywhere .
There was no order to it and it made it all that much more unsettled .
It reminded me of a mosh pit .
1 dodged different attacks and spent most of my time making ; a plan for an attack while I tried to keep myself on my feet .
I analyzed most of the opponents already and I was starting to get a good read on them .
Like I knew that guy Eric had one leg that was slightly shorter than the other .
It was barely noticeable , but I did notice a slight limp when he was walking out of the dining ball last night .
I could use that to my advantage to knock him off balance and get the upper hand .
I knew Gavin was present ; I could somehow feel his eyes on me the entire time .
I knew where he was seated in the front row with the other Lycans , just as he was yesterday .
I tried not to look at him though as I focused my attention on the fight going on around me .
Some were already out of the match , unable to continue on .
I winced when one guys leg snapped out of place and his bone penetrated his flesh .
Medics were on the scene right away , helping him off the arena grounds .
It was mayhem .
I felt a small gust of wind behind me , brushing across the nape of my neck and I spun around without a single thought and punched the person in the face , knocking him to the ground .
His nose immediately started to bleed .
I knew I had broken his nose , and I was about to break his fingers too but then another person ran up beside me , I managed to grab his arm , spin him around , and pin him to the ground with my body .
He tried to buck me off him but only tired himself out .
I bent his arm back until I heard snapping sound .
It was a clean break ; there was a chance his wolf could heal him before the next round , but least I got the upper hand in the situation .
I jumped off the guy I was on and kicked him hard in the stomach , making him grunt in pain as he held his stomach .
Fighting like this reminded me of a dance .
You had to use exact precision to make yourself noticed .
Thats all In this round was about … getting yourself noticed amongst the hundreds competing in this competition .noveldrama
Once I became noticed by other competitors , I was a target Others noticed my skillset and I realized that they had underestimated me ; I didnt think I would be much of a threat , but I managed to take down two larger than me guys within seconds from each other .
That kind of thing gets a girl noticed and now I was officially in the competition .
They wanted me out knowing that I had an actual chance at winning .
It went from fighting each other to all of them wanting a piece of me .
They came at me all at once but I was faster than most of them .
I managed to dodge their attacks and even get a couple of strikes in myself .
I heard the audience gasping and awe as I took down a few more that were after me .
At one point , someone managed to get the best of me , but turned it around on them and had them pinned to the Chapter 0291 ground in a matter of minutes .
I did a cartwheel away from the oncoming opponents and flipped over their heads , landing on the other side of them .
They werent prepared for me to be behind them , so by the time they realized where I was and tried to turn around , I had them all on the ground .
The cheering around the stadium was deafening .
I spun around , waiting for someone else to test me .
They seemed to be coming out every which way and I was on high alert now that I was the main target in most of their eyes .
I felt my wolfs agitation , mixing with my own , making me feral .
ne up behind I was so caught up in the moment that I missed my own back and didnt realize someone was coming up me until I was facing the ground , a sharp pain shooting up my spine .
I couldnt help the growl that erupted out of my mouth .
An icy and familiar voice whispered in my ear as I was pressed into the ground , I wont let you win , bitch .
###Take 292
Chapter 0292 Judys POV Sharp nails sliced through the flesh of my cheek , making me wince as a trail of blood trickled down my cheek .
I looked up to see that girl from the bathroom , Alpha Levis apparent daughter , standing over me with a furious look in her eyes .
I let out a low growl anger flashed in my own eyes .
It only made her laugh as she went in for another attack .
I wasnt going to let her get the best of me again though .
I swiped at her , trying to elongate my own nails .
We couldnt fully shift during this portion of the competition because it was against the rules , but we could use some of our wolf features as an advantage .
She dodged my attack easily and grinned like she had already won .
I let out another growl as I lunged at her .
I was becoming sloppy in my movements , and I was aware of that she was taking advantage of my temper .
She was making me angry , which was making me less careful .
If I didnt pay attention , I could make a stupid mistake and cost myself the competition .
I needed them to see that I could keep a calm and collected head no matter what .
I managed to dodge some of her attacks .
Taking a deep breath , I willed my wolf and body to calm during this battle .
There were others taking cheap shots at me as well , but I managed to get them down and out of the way with ease .
I was honestly surprised that this girl was as good as she was .
Then again , she was Alpha Levis daughter .
He probably trained her himself , She swung at me , and I dodged her attack , grabbing her arm with my hands and pulling her over my shoulder , slamming her onto the ground like we were wrestlers .
She screeched in fury as she attempted to get me off her , but I was stronger than her and managed to pin her to the ground , locking her hands behind her back .
She hissed at me to get off her , but it fell on deaf ears .
The crowd went nuts as I took her down .
There were other begger opponents I needed to worry about and right now , they were busy fighting one another .
I noticed Tabby was also in the mix and I was impressed by how easily she moved .
She was able to take down men twice her size in a matter of seconds .
I knew she was going to be a force to be weakened with .
I used my ability to blend in with my surroundings , hiding in the shadows , to my advantage .
These were the kind of guys whod be able to stop my attack if they saw it coming .noveldrama
I was good at sniping and considering I didnt have any weapons ; I would have to use my imagination on how to beat them .
I used the element of surprise to my advantage .
Before they even knew I was coming , I had them on the ground .
and pinned with my body .
One of them almost managed to buck me off , but I dug my nails so deep into his flesh that any movement on his part was excruciating pain .
I felt he warm blood pooling from his neck , and it only fueled me that much more .
I couldnt kill him , but I could hurt him .
The first portion of the fight lasted an hour before the buzzer went off.
Those who were able to compete in the second round were ushered out of the arena and into locker rooms where we were able to shower and rest before the next round , which started in another hour , giving us time to recover .
Those were too damaged to move on , to a point that not even their inner wolves would be able to heal them in time , they were disqualified .
A handful of people were disqualified already , and I felt good knowing that I was moving on to the next round .
You did amazing .
Tabby said with a bright smile .
She frowned when she saw my face though and whistled .
Wow , Milly did a number on your face , huh ? Milly ? I asked , corking a brow at her .
Chapter 0292 She nodded .
Yeah ; Alpha Levis daughter , she explained , her eyes wandering across the locker room and to Millys direction .
She was standing in front of the mirror with some of the girls I recognized from the gym the other day .
Per usual , they seemed to be gossiping about something .
I rolled my eyes .
I wont let her get the best of me , I muttered .
Thats the spirit , Tabby said , patting me on the back .
Im going to get some air , I said , suddenly feeling suffocated in this locker room .
She nodded and went back to doing her own thing while I walked out of the locker room .
There were paparazzi everywhere ; they were trying to get shots of the competition , along with the Lycans .
They were busy asking one of the Lycans questions .
He seemed to be enjoying the spotlight .
###Take 293
Chapter 0293 Not bad for a girl , I heard a voice behind me .
I turned around to see Theo approaching me .
He had scratches on his own body , but for the most part , he was barely injured .
He had sweat along his bare chest and down his torso .
He had a towel wrapped around his neck , collecting sweat .
He gave me a broad and dimpled smile ; Im sure he thought he sounded cute , but he was only sounding like a sexist pip Whats that supposed to mean ? I asked , folding my arms across my chest and glaring up at him .
He shrugged , leaning against the wall in front of me .
I just mean that Im surprised .
You dont look like much , but you have some fight in you , he told me with a twinkle of humor in his eyes .
1 pressed my lips firmly together .
Afraid youre going to get beat by a girl ? I taunted .
He let out a low laugh .
Im not worried at all , he told me .
I just hope you dont hate me after I crush you .
1 rolled my eyes ; he was seriously so full of himself .
Good luck , Theo , I murmured as I started to walk away from him .
He went to grab my arm , but I flinched away from him .
If Gavin saw him touching me , he would kill Theo before I ever got the chance to beat him .
He scowled at my sudden rejection and his lips pressed in a thin line as he narrowed his eyes .
Dont be so cocky , he said , stepping closer to me .
He was only inches away from me and I found myself holding my breath .noveldrama
He walked past me , brushing his arm against mine as he did so , leaving me standing there , wdumbfounded .
I seriously needed to get out of here .
I walked away from the crowd , wanting some silence as I wandered towards the parking lot .
I wasnt sure where I was going ; I had an hour to clear my head before the next match began and my head was pounding .
I wrapped my arms around my body suddenly feeling cold .
It wasnt even cold outside , but my adrenaline was starting to come down and it was making me feel cold .
I let out a breath , closed my eyes , and attempted to calm my nerves .
I felt a hand on my upper arm , and I turned to see Gavin standing by my side .
His eyes were dark as they poured into mine .
I stared at him like he was some kind of angel coming down to help me .
He studied my face for a moment , his eyes scanning the marks that were placed on my cheek from Milly .
His nostrils faltered slightly , and he pulled me towards a car that was parked .
I didnt realize the car , but as he pulled out his keys and unlocked it , I realized it had to be agental car .
I was glad to see nobody was inside of it as he pulled open the backseat door and motioned for me to pin I looked around the abandoned parking lot , hoping that nobody would see me entering Gavins car .
When I saw that the coast was clear , I slipped inside and Gavin slid in beside me , shutting the door behind him .
My heart was pounding so heavily in my chest that I feared for a moment that he could hear it .
He reached behind me , his lips so close to mine that I thought for a moment he was going to kiss me .
When he didnt , I felt a jab of disappointment in the pit of my stomach .
He grabbed a first aid kit that I was surprised was in the backseat of his cat .
He rummaged through the kit until he found an antiseptic wipe .
Unwrapping it I tried to protest that I didnt need it , but he gave me a sharp look , silencing me .
I winced at the sting as he cleaned the scratch marks on my cheek .
He seemed so focused … so serious .
Thank you , I said softly , not sure what more to say .
His eyes met mine for a brief moment before they returned to the scratches on my cheek .
You should have protected your face , he finally murmured after what felt like an eternity of silence .
We can use our wolves in the next round , I told him .
Ill get her back for this .
Dont make careless mistakes .
I met his eyes and held eye contact for a long while .
I think Ive only made one careless mistake so far , I told him , narrowing my eyes .
His eyes darkened as a snarl escaped his lips .
The last thing I thought was , And Im about to make another one , before his lips came crashing down on mine .
###Take 294
Chapter 0294 Judys POV Having a quickie in the backseat of the rental car was not on my agenda for the day , but here I was , slipping out of a car and attempting to adjust my clothes that were practically stripped off my body with the teeth of a wolf .
I turned to see Gavin staring at me from the backseat ; he told me he would let me go first so people wouldnt be suspicious .
He was still dressing as he watched me walk away .
I wasnt sure what to say to him ; this whole thing was starting to become confusing .
I wrapped my arms around my body and hurried back towards the arena before the next round started .
We had one more match for today , and then the second portion of this week is the day after tomorrow .
Because there were so many of us competing , we were split into two groups .
Group A and Group B.
I would have been in Group A if I didnt get injured and missed out on the match yesterday .
Group As second portion is tomorrow .
I had to admit , I was nervous about this round .
I havent been able to shift into my wolf for some time now .
Sometimes we would shift in class , during our combat and shifting course , but its been a while since my wolf wanted to come out to play .
Since my breakup with Ethan , shes been dismissive .
Lately , shes been more active and vocal in my mind , but as far as shifting goes , Ive been afraid of her rejection of the shift to even try .
I knew I should have at least tried to shift and practice fighting in my wolf form , but something kept stopping from doing so .
Judy ! I heard my name from a short distance , and I turned to see Nan rushing towards me with a bright smile and a water bottle in hand .
I thought you might be thirsty , so I came to look for you .
She handed me the water bottle and I took it greedily .
Thank you , I breathed .
You are doing great by the way .
You really kick ass , she said , hugging me tightly before releasing me and turning towards a couple of girls and a boy who stood behind her .
I want you to meet my friends .
Theyve been great while Ive been here all alone .
You arent alone , Nan .
Im here , I reminded her , rolling my eyes .
Yeah , but youre so busy , she told me .
So anyways , this is Kelsey , Mac , and Tyler .
I smiled at each of them who nodded as she sang their names .
Its nice to meet you , I told them .
me Mac and Tyler are cousins , Nan continued to explain , she smiled up at Taylor who grinned back at her .
My chest tightened ; that look they gave one another … it was odd .
And Kelsey is Macs best friend .
Her older brother competes so shes here to support him .
Tyler stepped towards Nan ; he was another pretty boy type , and I could tell from the way he stood and the glint in his eyes that he knew he was pretty .
I watched as he put his hand on the small of Nans back .
I didnt miss the way she tensed slightly from his touch , but she looked up at him and smiled .
Im going to make sure our seats havent been taken , he said to her in a low tone .
She nodded and nibbled on her lower lip as she looked at the others .
How about you girls go with him ? Ill catch up with you , Nan told them .
They both nodded .
Chapter 0204 It was nice meeting you , Judy , Kelsey said as she turned and started to walk after Tyler .
Yeah , good luck out there ! Mac said , waving over her shoulder as she too walked after them .
Nan shook her head and chuckled at her friends before turning back to me with a wide smile .
You got this .
Dont be nervous .
Your wolf will come to you when you need her , she told me , putting a hand on my shoulder .
Part of why Nan was my best friend was because she got me .
She understood my worries and she knew that I was scared my wolf wouldnt come , even without me telling her .
I nodded ; I never took my eyes off Nans face , and she was looking everywhere but my eyes .
Nan … I said , my voice coming out controlled .
Is there something you want to tell me ? She bit her lower lip and stared at the ground .
Im not sure what you mean , she murmured .
She started to turn away from me , but I ran around her and stood in front of her , forcing her to face me and look at me .
With my hands on my hips , I asked again , Is there something you want to tell me ? Perhaps about Tyler ? She lifted her gaze and met my eyes , her teeth gnawing on Her bottom lip until I swear , I saw blood .noveldrama
I looked back .
into her eyes and saw that they were filling with tears
###Take 295
Chapter 0295 Nan , whats going on ? I asked her .
Tyler has been getting my mind off Chester … so weve done some stuff .
Its not going to continue when we leave this place ….
but its nice to be wanted , you know ? She asked .
I could tell there was something more she wasnt saying .
It was fine if she wanted to flirt with guys and maybe go out with them , but to have sex … or do stuff with a pay shed never met before .
This wasnt like Nan at all … something serious drove her to do this .
Is that all ? I asked , raising my brows .
When she didnt answer right away , I sighed , I opened my roouth to say something more , but then the announcer went over the loudspeaker and called all the competitors to the arena for round 2 .
I have to go , I told her , handing her the water bottle .
But Nan , Im your best friend .
If you cant talk to me about whats going on with you , then who can you talk to ? Id rather you didnt replace me with Tyler .
It hurts my feelings I dont like feeling lied to and Id like to know the truth from you before it gets out some other way .
The truth always comes out , so dont try and hide it .
I walked past her , brushing my shoulder with her as I passed .
She was stunned silent and didnt say anything .
Maybe it was for the best .
I joined the others in the arena Like the last round , we were judged based on our skills and capability to survive during a battle .
We were forbidden to kill anybody , but we could either damage them so badly that they couldnt compete in the next round , which disqualifies them from the competition , or we could try to convince them to give up .
I could feel my wolf inside of me ; she was on edge , and something kept catching her attention .
I put my hand on my belly , hoping to calm her nerves if I just focused my attention on my breathing .
Its going to be okay , I whispered .
We got this .
Are you talking to yourself ? Tabby asked from beside me laughter in her eyes .
My wolf , I admitted .
I wanted her to know that we got this and its going to be okay .
Do you usually talk to your wolf ? She asked , raising her brows .noveldrama
I mean , its not like she can understand you .
I stared at her for a beat ; she was serious .
What makes you think they cant understand us ? 1 asked , raising my brows .
She let out a bark of laughter and shook her head , brushing her fingers through her pixie cut hair .
Because they are animals and when we shift , we become those animals .
This portion is based on their skills so hopefully your wolf is well trained , she said , studying my face .
She thought our wolves were like pets ? Uncontrolled … wild animals ? Thats absurd .
Ive always had full control when I shifted into my wolf before .
We had always been one and the same .
Was Tabby saying she doesnt have control of herself when shes in wolf form ? I glanced around the arena at other competitors who had already stripped naked , ready to shift and fight .
I wondered if any of them lost control of their humanity too , or if it was just Tabby .
Chapter 295 I met Tabbys eyes ; she was studying me just as I was studying her .
She had pale green eyes with blue specks around her pupils .
Admittedly , she had beautiful eyes , and they were equipped with long lashes .
I could also see that her desire to win was deep in her soul ; she had a lot of passion , and it was clear as day to me .
Welcome to round two , the announcer said over the loudspeaker .
I glanced up and saw the drones high in the air , capturing the second round .
This competition was worldly televised .
There was no sign of the announcer , but it was to be assumed he was high enough to be able to see everything , Like the last round , killing is not allowed ; you will be disqualified .
This week is to show the chosen judges , along with the Lycans who make the final decisions , what you are made of .
They are looking at precision , technique , skills , shifting , control , and so much more .
In this match , you are expected to fight in both your wolf and human forms .
Good luck .
With that , everyone got into a position in the arena .
I met the eyes of Tabby who gave me a curt nod when she , like everyone else , started to strip their clothes .
I was the only one who didnt .
3… 2… 1 … the announcer , and everyone else in the arena , chanted .
Begin !!!
###Take 296
Chapter 0296 As everyone started to shift into their wolf forms , I ran , I ran fast and I didnt really have a plan if I were to be honest .noveldrama
But I knew I couldnt stay in the middle of a mosh pit of wild animals .
If it were true that Tabby didnt have control of her wolf in this form , that could mean others didnt either and I needed to get to safety before I ended up lead .
I heard everyone in the stadium chanting and I couldnt bring myself to look in the direction of where the Lycans were seated , knowing he was there .
I wondered what they were thinking of me … running away from a fight .
Well , I wasnt actually running away from the fight .
But I needed to get a good distance away if I wanted to make it out of here unscratched ….
or alive .
I heard the growling and snapping of jaws behind me .
I wasnt exactly sure which wolf was Tabby , but I knew the wolf closest to me wasnt her .
This wolf had light brown eyes with specks of green .
She , like many others , was It was easy to tell which gender was which based on their auras and sizes .
Its been so long since I shifted into my wolf around others that I wasnt sure how big in comparison she was .
I knew my wolf was white with grey paws .
Nan said shes adorable , like shes wearing little mittens .
She also has my eye color .
My heart pounded as I reached a wooded area .
The battle zone was huge with a wooded section for other challenges and training .
I knew there was a barrier I couldnt cross , so I had to be careful where I went .
As soon as the wolves enveloped me , I found a tree to climb .
Wolves werent great at climbing ; I mean , they can climb .
But they arent great at it ; it takes them a bit longer than a human , so I knew that was my chance to get a good distance away from them .
There was a handful of wolves coming after me while the others stayed behind to fight one another .
A few even shifted back into their human forms to yell at me for being a coward .
I didnt want them to think I was a coward , but I knew I stood no chance in the middle of everything .
It was better to isolate a few at a time ; I wanted to be able to see them … not have them see me .
I worked best under the element of surprise .
It took me no time to reach the top of the tree and by the time I got to the top , I could see the entire Battlezone .
I chose the tallest tree that I could find , hoping that Id be able to see things from the drones point of view .
It gave me the idea as I was staring at it from the ground if only I could see things from the sky like the drones .
I would be able to analyze my surroundings a lot better and know what I was dealing with I could see a few wolves in the center of the arena , fighting one another .
One of them was limp , truth be told , I wasnt sure if they were even moving .
It seemed like the wolf who was still attacking , wasnt human at all .
They forfeited all control of their animals and now he was going fogue .
I kept glancing around at each and every wolf ; it was hard to analyze who was in control and who wasnt .
I tried to figure out their fighting techniques and analyzed their sizes , their stance , and how easy they were to be provoked .
I glanced down at the few wolves that were following me .
One of them was climbing while the others were fighting each other .
I heard a snarl and a yip from the wolf that was climbing the tree ; her eyes were a pale blue and her fur was white like snow with little brown patches on her head .
The plan I had in my head was bold … I wasnt sure if it was going to work .
It would either be awesome , or it was Chapter 0296 going to get me killed .
Gavin would be pissed , and Ill have to sit through a Nan lecture .
This would only truly work if my wolf cooperated and right now , she was a bit anxious .
We got this … I whispered to her , hoping she got the message .
I need you right now .
I need you to trust me so I can trust you .
We were a team for so long … There was calm inside of me and I found the corner of my lips twitching into a smile .
With a deep breath , I waited until this wolf got a bit closer to me .
I grabbed the branch that was above me , holding it for support while I attempted to put all my weight on the end of the branch I was on , without breaking it .
The pressure made the branch bend impossibly low .
I was practically feeding myself to this shifter .
###Take 297
Chapter 0297 1 swallowed the lump in my throat as the wolf got even closer .
Just as she reached the branch I was on and swiped her claws in my direction to throw me off balance .
I released the branch I was holding onto and the branch I stood on flung so hard that it smacked her right in the face , knocking her off the tree .
It all happened so fast that I barely even saw it flinging me as well .
I flung through the air like I was a bird ; I was as high as the drones in the sky , except I had no parachute so if I fell , I would go splat all over the hard ground .
I could see the entire arena from where I flew through the sky .
The wolves all looked up at me and were howling and growling at the same time .
I got sight of the audience who had their mouths agape and they were pointing in awe and fear .
I saw Nans mouth drop when she saw that it was me who was flying through the sky .noveldrama
Her reaction came fast though once realization and shock wore off , she started to scream out of fear for my life.
I didnt have enough strength to see Gavin .
I couldnt bear to look at either the disappointment on his face or the fear .
The ground started to come fast ; I turned my body so I would stay in the arena area , and I faced downward so I would land hard on the ground .
A surge of power washed over me and I suddenly felt stronger than I had had in a long time .
Fur broke out all over my skin and I heard my wolf howling in my head ; something I hadnt heard in so long My bones started to reshape and form ; during the first shift , it was a very painful process .
Over time , it gets easier until you dont feel it at all .
I hadnt shifted in a while , so there was certainly some tension and extreme discomfort .
But as soon as I heard my clothes tearing and shredding all over the ground , a new energy surged through my veins and the discomfort I felt was a thing of the past .
I landed on all fours in the center of the arena , taking everyone by surprise .
The first thing I noticed upon landing was I was significantly smaller than the others .
I was a pup in comparison to some of them and it was intimidating .
But my wolf wasnt afraid ; in fact , she was very confident in her skills just as I was of mine .
Being in this form , her emotions came pouring into me and I felt like I understood her more than I ever had .
After the shock wore off , I was the main target .
I faced attack after attack ; I might have been small , but I was fast and I was skilled in combat , even in wolf form apparently .
My wolf was all over the place before they could even blink .
She had them taken down in seconds .
She was careful not to kill anyone , if she got close to it , Id pull the reins to settle her down .
There were a few that refused to surrender , not wanting to be taken down by a mere pup , but I managed to damage them so badly that it would be a miracle if they could walk again .
An hour into the fight and buzzer was sounding around the battle zone , halting everyone in place .
That marks the end of round 2 for the day , the announcer said over the loudspeaker .
Group B may now shift back into their human forms and return to the changing rooms for further instructions .
Those who could shift back did so immiedalty .
Others took bit longer because their wolves refused to release control .
1 noticed Tabby hadnt changed back so I assumed she was still fighting for control with her wolf .
Some were so badly damaged that the medics had to come and help them off the battle zone .
I didnt shift back right away ; I know nudity wasnt a big deal amongst shifters , but I could never get used to being naked around others .
Id rather do that in private , thank you very much .
I turned around , looking at the oncoming crowd , the paparazzi , and the naked competitors … it was overwhelming .
But then my eyes found his … Gavin .
He was standing off to the side , his eyes pouring into mine and all I could see
###Take 298
Chapter 0298 I sat frozen as I watched Judy fly in the air .
She had no parachute , nothing to catch her … if she fell , it could possibly be the end for her .
But at the last minute , she shifted into her wolf form .
I had never seen her wolf before it stirred something inside of me that I couldnt seem to sluke .
My wolf wanted to be released , which was odd for him .
He never fought me for control before .
At least he has t in a really long time .
I couldnt remember the last time he had done this .
Judy was much smaller than the others , but she wasnt incompetent .
She fought with all her might and speed , and she ended up on top at the end .
She managed to defend herself and get a few really good blows in herself .
She had a good technique , the element of surprise .
She could see them , but they couldnt see her until she wanted them to see her .
But still , the thought that something could have happened to her , my chest was aching by the end of it .
Who is that girl that went flying through the air ? One of the Lycans , Mica , asked from his seat .
There were 4 Lycan chairmen in total , me being the strongest of them .
There were others of Lycan blood around the world , but only the chairmen attended these events .
The Lycans were pretty much the judges of these events along with a few appointed judges to help with final decision making .
I believe her name is Judy Montague , Jeremy , the other Lycan , said , his eyes never leaving Judys wolf .
Shes quite talented .
Her professors praise her and even Levi said he was impressed with her skill set .
Mica nodded .
Well have to keep her in mind , Mica said thoughtfully .
What do you think , Gavin ? Wed be stupid to not pass her to the next round , I said without a second thought .noveldrama
Really ? Mica said .
Do you think shed survive it ? Of course , she would .
If I were to bet money on anyone surviving , it would be Judy , Jeremy said with a laugh .
Suddenly , my blood went cold .
I turned to face them ; they were both smiling as they watched the ongoing fight .
The timer was still ticking down and any minute now it would go off , indicating the fight was over .
Neither of them noticed my cold stare .
What do you mean survive ? I asked .
Death is against the rules .
Mica glanced at me briefly before fixing his eyes back on the fight .
Only for the first week , he told me .
What ? I asked again , this time louder and with more force in my tone , making them both look at me with wary expressions .
Even fellow Lycan chairmen knew when to not push my buttons because it wouldnt end well for them ..
The second and third week death isnt penalized , Jeremy explained , narrowing his eyes at me .
Youd know if you attended the last competition we had a decade ago .
Or the one before that two decades ago , Mica said , shaking his head .
He was a newly appointed Alpha at that point , Jeremy laughed .
True , Mica replied , turning back to the fight .
What are the rules for the next rounds ? I asked through my teeth ; my impatience was evident .
Mica sighed and glanced back up at me.
They can choose to die , or they can surrender , Mica explained .
They dont have to lose their lives … but if they dont submit and surrender , their opponent can take their life without being penalized .
It doesnt have to be a fight to the death , Jeremy chimed in .
But if they are stupid and stubborn , which clearly a few are , then it will be .
My blood went cold … The buzzer went off , drawing my attention to the arena .
Everyone started to shift back into their human forms ; they were all naked and piled into the locker rooms .
I saw the small wolf that stood in the middle of the arena , she was staring up at the sky for a moment , like she was thanking the stars , or maybe talking to the Moon Goddess .
She was waiting for something ; she looked back at the crowd of shifters that were returning to the locker rooms in their naked forms , and she held back .
Her eyes found mine and held them .
She stared at me for a long while , and then she turned and started to sprint in the opposite direction of everyone else .
My heart raced … I had a strong urge to follow her , and I didnt think I was going to be able to resist it .
###Take 299
Chapter 0299 1 looked back at Mica and Jeremy who were talking among themselves .
The chosen judges sat in the front , talking amongst themselves .
Most of the audience went to greet the ones they were there to support .
Nan was frowning in the direction Judy had gone while a guy spoke her ear from beside her .
I didnt recognize the guy , but had his hand on Nans leg and my brows furrowed at the sight .
She never took me for someone who would hook up with a guy she just met .
From the way he was touching her and his close proximity , Id say they definitely hooked up .
If youll excuse me , I said to the other Lycans before I took off in the direction Judy had gone .
I found her crouching behind a tree ; she was completely naked and covering her body with her arms .
I walked around the tree , startling her .
Are you hurt ? I asked her , kneeling in front of her .
Her face was pale , and she had little blood on her lip , along with some bruising on the uses of her body .
My chest tightened at the sight , and I had an urge to attack whoever did this to her .
An urge I suppressed immediately .
Im okay , she said softly .
You should see the other guy .
She laughed lightly and the sound was oddly musical .
I did , I told her .
You did great out there .
Her cheeks flushed and her eyes lit up .
Really ? She asked .
I nodded .
I reached into the bag I was carrying and pulled out one of my shirts .
I keep it in there just in case , but I was glad to have it so Judy could change .
When she saw it , a smile lit up her face .
Thank you , she said , taking the shirt from me and quickly pulling it on over her head .
It went down to her knees , which was perfect .
She leaned against the tree , exhaustion taking over her .
Im so tired , she whispered .
I leaned against the other side of the tree .
Its protocol to see the medic after a match , I told her .
Every one of you needs to have an exam before they can clear you to the next round .
She sighed .noveldrama
Yeah , I remember they told me that during the introductory banquet , she told me .
Cant I just sleep for a little bit ? Shifting took a lot out of me .
I let out a small laugh ; it sounded foreign on my lips .
I like that , I heard her whisper .
I turned and tilted so I was looking at her from the other side of the tree .
Her eyes were closed , but she had a soft smile on her lips .
I was so close to her that if I moved another inch , my mouth would be touching her cheek .
Like what ? I asked .
Her eyes opened , not expecting that I was so close to her .
She could feel my breath brushing across her cheek and it made her nose and cheeks turn pink .
The sound of you laughing , she replied , turning her head to look at me .
I dont hear it often .
Its nice when I do .
I looked into her eyes , a smile twitching at the corner of my mouth as I lifted my hand up and brushed a strand of sweat soaked hair out of her face .
I tucked the hair behind her ear , and I couldnt help but notice her leaning into the touch .
I allowed my fingers to rest on her cheek for a moment and then I used my thumb to softly caress her bottom lip , which she parted slightly .
no sex , There were no words said between us ; this was a different type of intimacy than I was used to .
There was n no cuddling … just breathing in each others energy .
I let my lips brush across hers gently , my tongue slipping into her mouth just a little .
Her eyes started to drift shut as I ran my fingers through her hair and deepened the kiss .
Gavin … she whispered hoarsely .
I kissed the corner of her chin and ran my lips down the nape of her neck.
Goosebumps formed all across her flesh and she trembled as I ran my fingers up her back beneath her shirt .
Just as I started to lift up her shirt , a twig snapped , making me jump apart so fast it could have started a fire .
Then , a voice sounded from nearby .
Judy , are you out here still ?
###Take 300
Chapter 0300 Judys POV Tabby froze when she saw Gavin seated beside me against the tree .
Her eyes were wide , and her cheeks were flushed .
She immediately averted her eyes to the ground .
Gavin jumped away from me in time , so Tabby didnt actually see anything , but she knew she walked in on something … she just didnt know what .
Alpha … she said softly , her face even redder as she spoke I didnt know you were over here … Gavin stood to his feet ; his aura was intense .
There was no doubt about his status .
Tabbys eyes grew wide , and her body trembled .
It was difficult being around this much power up close and personal … especially when you arent used to it .
I came to check on one of the recruits , he told her , his eyes narrowed .
He was staring daggers at her ; I could see the hidden threat in his eyes .
I didnt want him to frighten Tabby .
Shes been so kind to me from the start and shes tough as nails .
I can tell shell be a fierce competitor .
However , right now , in front of Gavin , she seemed like a scared pup .
I felt bad … I knew Gavin was intimidating .
We should go to the medic , I said quickly .
Before the line gets too long .
Its first come first serve , right ? Tabby nodded .
Theres a ton of medics available , she said softly , her eyes still focused on the ground in front of her .
But they are filling up fast with competitors .
Everyone wants to get in and out .
I nodded in agreement .
Okay , then lets go , I said as I started to walk away and towards the treeline .
I froze for a moment when I felt Gavins eyes on the back of my head .
I turned and gave him a polite smile with a mock bow .
Thank you for helping me , Alpha Landry , I said , making sure to slip in a sly grin as I bowed my head again .
He stared at me for a moment , and I could tell he was trying to choose his words carefully .
Ill be seeing you , he settled on .
I nodded my head once and followed Tabby out of the forest Nan was the first person I saw upon returning outside the locker rooms .
She ran to me and wrapped me in her arms .
You were badass , Nan squealed .
I totally thought you were going to crash and burn .
Honestly , I did too , I admitted .
Nice job , the guy , Tyler said .
I hadnt noticed him standing there until he spoke .
He put a hand on Nans shoulder and stepped closer to her .
He was taller than her with broad shoulders and I could tell he probably had nice abs .
I looked at Nan questionably and she looked everywhere but at me .
She also seemed tense , like his touch .
bothered her .
It should bother her ; she had a mate .noveldrama
Sure , things were rocky right now , but still … Then again , who knows what or who Chester was doing right now ? Thank you, I said , forcing a smile .
The second I saw you flying through the sky I knew I had no chance in hell against you , Tabby laughed .
Like honestly .
Anyone who could do that and live to tell the tale is not one to mess with .
1/2 Chapter 0300 Yeah , and now everyone else is going to see that too , Nan said proudly .
You marked your territory .
Own it , girl ! Might not be a good thing , Tyler said with a shrug What do you mean ? Nan asked , frowning up at him .
Now theres a target on her back .
They are only going to try that much harder to eliminate her from the competition … or life .
They arent allowed to kill me without getting disqualified , I reminded him .
He shook his head , a frown marring his features .
Only for the first week .
This week is to prove to them that you have what it takes .
Next week is when things get real .
You win from either two ways … the first way , they surrender .
And the second ? Nan asked , her brows pinched together .
And the second , they die , he finished .
Its going to get more dangerous .
You just need to be wary .
I wanted to tell him to back off ; he didnt know me or anything about this .
I wanted to tell Nan to send him back to wherever he came from .
But before I had the chance to utter a single word , I heard a new voice .
Ive been looking for you .
I turned to see Sammy , the girl from the airport , walking my way .
She had a small smile on her lips and her dark hair was tucked behind her car , showing different colored plercings all along her ear .
She was shorter than everyone around her , so she looked up when she spoke to me .
###Take 301
Chapter 0301 I wanted to tell you that you did an amazing job , she said thoughtfully .
Thank you , I replied .
Thats really nice of you .
Did your boyfriend compete ? Nan asked .
Sammy nodded .
Yes .
Hes at the medic now getting looked at .
He should be cleared for the next round .
When will we know if we are cleared for the next round ? asked .
First the doctors have to clear you , Tabby explained .
If you have severe injuries that wont heal on time , obviously you cant compete .
So , the doctors make sure everything is okay with you .
Once they clear you , the judges and Lycan chairmen will get together and discuss whether or not they should let you through to the next round .
Once the decision is made , you get an alert .
I thought about that for a moment and then nodded .
Im starving , I murmured as we started to walk towards the resort medical clinic which wasnt far from the battle zone .
Maybe I can skip the dinner tonight and we can just have an early dinner this afternoon ? I suggested to Nan .
She opened her mouth to reply , but it was Tyler that answered .
We actually have plans tonight , he told me , a broad smile on his lips .
What ? I asked , glancing at Nan who was red in the face .
Tyler wanted to take me to a concert in the city , she told me .
Its some hard rock band and- You hate hard rock , Nan , I told her , causing her eyes to widen and her mouth to form an O shape ..
I do not ! She denied , her nostrils flaring in the way they do when shes embarrassed .
I love hard rock .
But anyways , I promised Id go with him .
I couldnt help the jab of disappointment I had in my chest .
Oh , thats okay , I told her , forcing a smile .
But hey , how about you go with us ? Nan blurted ; her eyes wide with excitement .
I knew that she wanted me to go , and this was her way of asking me to do so .
I was about to answer , not wanting my friend to experience something she was clearly going to hate by herself .
But once again , Tyler butts in .
I only had the one extra ticket , he said .
And the seats around us were taken Her going would be pointless .
Nans shoulders dropped and I saw the disappointment on her face .
I tried to keep a positive expression as I smiled at her .
Its okay .
Have fun tonight , I told her .
She nibbled on her lower lip and nodded .
We finally reached the clinic , and I hugged Nan goodbye before leaving her with Tyler .
I went into the waiting -room , which was full of shifters who had just completed .
A lot of them had blood spots on their skin , bruises , and gashes … it wasnt pretty .
But there were quite a few without a scratch on them .
The wait didnt take nearly as long as I thought it would .
There were a ton of medics in the clinic , so they were 1/2 Chapter 0301 able to move quickly through the crowd of people waiting to get checked out .
The session only lasted about 20 minutes .
They did a full body scan , bloodwork , bruise and scratch checking , breathing tests , and eyesight tests .
Once they were done , they jotted down some notes on a clipboard and gave me some antibiotics and vitamins Once I was done , I left the clinic alone .
I wasnt sure where Tabby or Sammy went , but I was glad to have a bit of alone time .
At least for right now .
I needed to clear my head of all my thoughts ; I was too stuck on Nan right now .
I was worried about her ; she was spiraling , and I didnt like what was happening or who she was hanging out with .
I wanted to give her and Tyler the benefit of the doubt , but there was something about him that I didnt trust .
I wanted to tell Chester about him , but I also didnt want to hurt Chester .
He would be devastated .
I walked into the forest , breathing in the fresh pine and feeling the soft breeze on my cheek.
I closed my eyes , taking in my surroundings without even looking .
I ran my fingers down the nearby Oaktree , allowing it to give me as much strength and energy as it could muster .noveldrama
Then , I felt a hand on my hip , pulling me into the arms of someone incredibly strong with a scent that made my mouth water.
His front was to my back , and even though my eyes were closed , I knew exactly who it was .
And then he whispered , sending my heart into turmoil .
10 Dont move .
###Take 302
Chapter 0302 Gavins POV I hadnt left the forest ; I needed to clear my head .
We were close to being caught .
My wolf was distracted , as was I , and neither of us sensed nor heard anyone else coming towards us .
But when that girl appeared , I thought I was losing my mind .
Judy returned to the forest about 45 minutes later and I paused when I saw that she was still in my shirt .
It looked good on her ; it went down to her knees , showing off the rest of her slender legs .
Her form was shamefully hidden under the baggy shirt , but I could see her nipples hardening from the slightly chilled air .
She had a beautiful smile on her lips as she looked up at the sky .
Her eyes spark as glimpses of light cast its rays on her .
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath ; she could smell the pine , just as I could .
Before I knew what was happening , I was walking towards her , unable to stop myself .
Her back was facing me , and it was clear she was too distracted to notice my approaching steps .
But then I saw her back tense and it was at that moment I realized she could sense me .
Before she had the chance to say anything , I put my hand on her hip and pulled her into me , wrapping both my arms around her slender hips , my front pressing into her back .
She was frozen with goosebumps all along her arms and I loved that I had that effect on her .
Dont move , I whispered against her ear , making sure my warm breath tickled her cheek .
She remained frozen as I ran my fingers up her petite form , taking the shirt with the movement and pulling it over her head .
She was completely naked and gorgeous .
I ran my fingers up her body again , cupping her breasts with my hands .
I ran my lips down the nape of her neck , giving her an open mouth and light kisses in the process .
1 felt her tremble under my touch and a smirk played on my lips .
I liked the effect I had on her body .
I let my fingers linger on her nipples for a bit longer , twirling and tugging on them , making her squirm with need .
I ran my fingers down her belly ; she parted her legs , giving me access to her core .
I thought I told you not to move , I said in a low and threatening tone as I nipped at her earlobe .
Her heart rate started to accelerate , and her breathing became ragged .
I slid my fingers between her slit , parting them slightly .
Youre so wet for me , I spoke with a bite in my tone , making her shudder .
Gavin … she whispered .
L ….
she started to say but stopped yourself .
What ? I urged .
She opened her mouth to speak but closed her eyes .
Tell me , baby , I whispered against her ear , licking her lope playfully , Tell me what you want .
I ….
I want you to taste me … I raised my brows .
Oh yeah ? I asked , eyes dark with desires .
She gave me a shaky nod .
Do you trust me ? I asked , tightening my grip on her hips She nodded without hesitation it pleased me that she would trust me without a second thought .
Chapter 0302 I spun her around to face me ; her eyes were wide , and her breathing was heavy.
I pushed her against the tree we stood near , and I lifted her until she could wrap her legs around my shoulders to support herself .
She grabbed hold of me , afraid she might fall .
Trust me , I whispered and without another word , I dove into her core , licking nibbing on her clit while my fingers penetrated her center .
She gasped and then muffled it in her hands , finally releasing me and trusting that I wouldnt let her fall .
Her legs trembled as she wrapped them around my shoulders , her entire pelvis shuddering with every spasm of pleasure I gave her clit .
I let my fingers stroke her g spot while I continued to suck and nibble on her sensitive nub .
She tasted so good and the way she was pressed against this tree , at my mercy , made my cock way harder than its been in a long time .
Her heart started to beat erratically , and her breathing was forced as she gasped out my name .
I tasted the explosion of juices , and I licked up every last drop until she was quickening with aftershocks of pleasure .
I released her gently , allowing her to stand on her own two feet , but I wasnt done with her .
I grabbed her hips again and spun her around to face the opposite direction , bending her over so her ass was exposed to me .
I forced her legs apart and I ran my fingers through her slit , teasing her clit again .
It was still so sensitive so with every touch she shuddered and jerked .
She was already getting so wet for me , was driving me crazy .
I needed to be inside of her ; I wasnt going to be able to last much longer .
I ran my fingers up and down her back , sending shockwaves of electricity through both our veins from just a single touch .noveldrama
I unzipped my pants and pulled out my member .
When she spotted it , she licked her lips .
I knew exactly what was on her mind and I wasnt going to argue with her .
nd it She turned around and fell to her knees , grabbing the waistline of tny pants and pulling them down my legs , with my boxers .
I stepped out of my pants and boxers , kicking them to the side .
I started to unbutton my shirt , revealing each of my abs as my shirt loosened around my shoulders .
Her eyes narrowed when she got a look at me , and I saw the lust crossing her eyes .
She refocused her attention on my member , her main task .
She ran her fingers up and down the shaft before she licked it , tasting the juices that beaded at the tip .
She continued to lick it until it was glistening with her saliva .
She started to stroke me slowly at first .
It was almost painful how slow it was , but then she started to get faster .
She used her mouth as well , sucking and deepthroating as struggled to keep control of myself .
I wrapped my fingers through her hair , keeping her head in place while I thrust into her mouth .
She made a gagging sound , and I eased off her throat a bit .
But then she started to move her head faster and I smirked at her eagerness ; I ran my fingers down the side of her face , wiping away the stray tears that ran down her cheeks .
I wiped some of the drool off her bottom lip and then I thrust into her even more .
Her mouth was so warm and the way v she used her tongue left me craving more .
I didnt want to finish inside of her mouth , and I knew if we continued down this road , thats exactly what Id do .
I pulled out of her mouth and started to stroke myself .
She quickly stood up and ran her fingers up my torso until her arms were around my neck .
She kissed me hungrily , tasting herself on my tongue as I stated me on hers .
Our kiss was sloppy and unlike any of our other kisses .
This was filled with raw passion and desires ; this wasnt a want … it was a need .
I felt her sharp claws digging into my back , blood trickling down my muscles .
I didnt care if she marked me up , I almost wanted her to .
Without thinking , I ran my nails down her back as well , scratching her and drawing blood .
She let out a hiss at the feeling , but it also spurred her on .
She wrapped her legs around my waist and kept herself steady against the tree ! I kissed her hungrily and nibbled on her lower lip .
I want you inside of me , she pleaded .
Finish inside me .
She didnt have to tell me twice .
With a thrust of my hip , I dove deep inside of her warm and inviting center .
It was like she was formed and created to fit my cock .
It stretched around me and swallowed it with such ease .
I thrust my hips , hitting that spot that made her gasp and moan out my name .
She kissed my neck , sucking on it .
She let out another moan as her legs started to tremble .
It didnt take long for her to reach her climax and as soon as she was trembling from her orgasm , I released my seed , foating her insides .
I pressed my lips to hers as we continued to thrust together , draining one another of everything we had to offer .
I was unable to slip out of her … I wasnt ready too .
She held me in place , also not wanting me to leave just yet I should get back … she finally whispered , her head resting on my shoulder as I held her in place , my cock still deep inside of her as I pressed her against the tree .
I started to move my hips again , penetrating her and hitting that spot that made her squirm with pleasure .
Or we could stay here a little longer , I suggested , kissing the side of her face .
This wasnt like me ; I wasnt normally carless like this .
She rested her head on the tree , her eyes closed as she took deep breath , Chapter 0303 Or you can keep doing that , she whispered , referring to my slow and deep thrusts inside of her .
Tbit her earlobe , tugging it into my mouth .
It took several hours for us to leave the forest .
Alpha Gavin is in the forest with her right now .noveldrama
I saw them having sex .
Alpha Levi grinned at that news and put a hand on his sources shoulder , giving it a gentle squeeze .
The look of pride and admiration in his eyes .
Did they see you ? Levi asked , narrowing his eyes .
No.
I managed to get out without making a sound .
Youve done well , he praised .
Stay by her side and get to know her better .
Get her to trust you and open up to you .
I want to know everything there is to know about Judy Montague , considering it seems she could be Gavins Kryptonite .
###Take 303
Chapter 0302 Gavins POV I hadnt left the forest ; I needed to clear my head .
We were close to being caught .
My wolf was distracted , as was I , and neither of us sensed nor heard anyone else coming towards us .
But when that girl appeared , I thought I was losing my mind .
Judy returned to the forest about 45 minutes later and I paused when I saw that she was still in my shirt .
It looked good on her ; it went down to her knees , showing off the rest of her slender legs .
Her form was shamefully hidden under the baggy shirt , but I could see her nipples hardening from the slightly chilled air .
She had a beautiful smile on her lips as she looked up at the sky .
Her eyes spark as glimpses of light cast its rays on her .
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath ; she could smell the pine , just as I could .
Before I knew what was happening , I was walking towards her , unable to stop myself .
Her back was facing me , and it was clear she was too distracted to notice my approaching steps .
But then I saw her back tense and it was at that moment I realized she could sense me .
Before she had the chance to say anything , I put my hand on her hip and pulled her into me , wrapping both my arms around her slender hips , my front pressing into her back .
She was frozen with goosebumps all along her arms and I loved that I had that effect on her .
Dont move , I whispered against her ear , making sure my warm breath tickled her cheek .
She remained frozen as I ran my fingers up her petite form , taking the shirt with the movement and pulling it over her head .
She was completely naked and gorgeous .
I ran my fingers up her body again , cupping her breasts with my hands .
I ran my lips down the nape of her neck , giving her an open mouth and light kisses in the process .
1 felt her tremble under my touch and a smirk played on my lips .
I liked the effect I had on her body .
I let my fingers linger on her nipples for a bit longer , twirling and tugging on them , making her squirm with need .
I ran my fingers down her belly ; she parted her legs , giving me access to her core .
I thought I told you not to move , I said in a low and threatening tone as I nipped at her earlobe .
Her heart rate started to accelerate , and her breathing became ragged .
I slid my fingers between her slit , parting them slightly .
Youre so wet for me , I spoke with a bite in my tone , making her shudder .
Gavin … she whispered .
L ….
she started to say but stopped yourself .
What ? I urged .
She opened her mouth to speak but closed her eyes .
Tell me , baby , I whispered against her ear , licking her lope playfully , Tell me what you want .
I ….
I want you to taste me … I raised my brows .
Oh yeah ? I asked , eyes dark with desires .
She gave me a shaky nod .
Do you trust me ? I asked , tightening my grip on her hips She nodded without hesitation it pleased me that she would trust me without a second thought .
Chapter 0302 I spun her around to face me ; her eyes were wide , and her breathing was heavy.
I pushed her against the tree we stood near , and I lifted her until she could wrap her legs around my shoulders to support herself .
She grabbed hold of me , afraid she might fall .
Trust me , I whispered and without another word , I dove into her core , licking nibbing on her clit while my fingers penetrated her center .
She gasped and then muffled it in her hands , finally releasing me and trusting that I wouldnt let her fall .
Her legs trembled as she wrapped them around my shoulders , her entire pelvis shuddering with every spasm of pleasure I gave her clit .
I let my fingers stroke her g spot while I continued to suck and nibble on her sensitive nub .
She tasted so good and the way she was pressed against this tree , at my mercy , made my cock way harder than its been in a long time .
Her heart started to beat erratically , and her breathing was forced as she gasped out my name .
I tasted the explosion of juices , and I licked up every last drop until she was quickening with aftershocks of pleasure .
I released her gently , allowing her to stand on her own two feet , but I wasnt done with her .
I grabbed her hips again and spun her around to face the opposite direction , bending her over so her ass was exposed to me .
I forced her legs apart and I ran my fingers through her slit , teasing her clit again .
It was still so sensitive so with every touch she shuddered and jerked .
She was already getting so wet for me , was driving me crazy .
I needed to be inside of her ; I wasnt going to be able to last much longer .
I ran my fingers up and down her back , sending shockwaves of electricity through both our veins from just a single touch .noveldrama
I unzipped my pants and pulled out my member .
When she spotted it , she licked her lips .
I knew exactly what was on her mind and I wasnt going to argue with her .
nd it She turned around and fell to her knees , grabbing the waistline of tny pants and pulling them down my legs , with my boxers .
I stepped out of my pants and boxers , kicking them to the side .
I started to unbutton my shirt , revealing each of my abs as my shirt loosened around my shoulders .
Her eyes narrowed when she got a look at me , and I saw the lust crossing her eyes .
She refocused her attention on my member , her main task .
She ran her fingers up and down the shaft before she licked it , tasting the juices that beaded at the tip .
She continued to lick it until it was glistening with her saliva .
She started to stroke me slowly at first .
It was almost painful how slow it was , but then she started to get faster .
She used her mouth as well , sucking and deepthroating as struggled to keep control of myself .
I wrapped my fingers through her hair , keeping her head in place while I thrust into her mouth .
She made a gagging sound , and I eased off her throat a bit .
But then she started to move her head faster and I smirked at her eagerness ; I ran my fingers down the side of her face , wiping away the stray tears that ran down her cheeks .
I wiped some of the drool off her bottom lip and then I thrust into her even more .
Her mouth was so warm and the way v she used her tongue left me craving more .
I didnt want to finish inside of her mouth , and I knew if we continued down this road , thats exactly what Id do .
I pulled out of her mouth and started to stroke myself .
She quickly stood up and ran her fingers up my torso until her arms were around my neck .
She kissed me hungrily , tasting herself on my tongue as I stated me on hers .
Our kiss was sloppy and unlike any of our other kisses .
This was filled with raw passion and desires ; this wasnt a want … it was a need .
I felt her sharp claws digging into my back , blood trickling down my muscles .
I didnt care if she marked me up , I almost wanted her to .
Without thinking , I ran my nails down her back as well , scratching her and drawing blood .
She let out a hiss at the feeling , but it also spurred her on .
She wrapped her legs around my waist and kept herself steady against the tree ! I kissed her hungrily and nibbled on her lower lip .
I want you inside of me , she pleaded .
Finish inside me .
She didnt have to tell me twice .
With a thrust of my hip , I dove deep inside of her warm and inviting center .
It was like she was formed and created to fit my cock .
It stretched around me and swallowed it with such ease .
I thrust my hips , hitting that spot that made her gasp and moan out my name .
She kissed my neck , sucking on it .
She let out another moan as her legs started to tremble .
It didnt take long for her to reach her climax and as soon as she was trembling from her orgasm , I released my seed , foating her insides .
I pressed my lips to hers as we continued to thrust together , draining one another of everything we had to offer .
I was unable to slip out of her … I wasnt ready too .
She held me in place , also not wanting me to leave just yet I should get back … she finally whispered , her head resting on my shoulder as I held her in place , my cock still deep inside of her as I pressed her against the tree .
I started to move my hips again , penetrating her and hitting that spot that made her squirm with pleasure .
Or we could stay here a little longer , I suggested , kissing the side of her face .
This wasnt like me ; I wasnt normally carless like this .
She rested her head on the tree , her eyes closed as she took deep breath , Chapter 0303 Or you can keep doing that , she whispered , referring to my slow and deep thrusts inside of her .
Tbit her earlobe , tugging it into my mouth .
It took several hours for us to leave the forest .
Alpha Gavin is in the forest with her right now .noveldrama
I saw them having sex .
Alpha Levi grinned at that news and put a hand on his sources shoulder , giving it a gentle squeeze .
The look of pride and admiration in his eyes .
Did they see you ? Levi asked , narrowing his eyes .
No.
I managed to get out without making a sound .
Youve done well , he praised .
Stay by her side and get to know her better .
Get her to trust you and open up to you .
I want to know everything there is to know about Judy Montague , considering it seems she could be Gavins Kryptonite .
###Take 304
Chapter 0304 Third Person POV Nan wasnt sure what she was doing .
She had been a complete mess for days and she could feel herself spiraling out of control .
My cousin really likes you , Mac told her during lunch the day before .noveldrama
He thought you were really cute and funny and wanted me to find out if you were seeing anyone .
At this point , Nan and Judy arrived in this country the day prior and Nan met Mac and Tyler later that evening .
She met Kelsey at their current lunch .
She was currently watching their exchange , her eyes darting back and forth as they spoke to one another like she was watching a volleyball game .
Seeing anyone ? Nan thought to herself as she processed Macs question .
Was she seeing anyone ? Her situation with Chester wasnt exactly black and white .
Chester was her fated mate , but it seems he doesnt want her .
Hes too busy having sex with anyone that has a pulse .
Would going out with a guy while on a trip out of the country really matter to Chester ? Nan was so sure that Chester would end up rejecting her once she got back anyway , that nothing really mattered .
Maybe it was the rebound or the fact that she was on her third martini , but she found herself shaking her head .
Im not seeing anyone , she said softly , picking up her glass and taking another sip of her martini .
Macs smile lit up the entire room as she clapped her hands together .
Hes going to be so happy , she cooed .
Do you want to get together tonight ? Tyler wants to go to dinner and thought we should all go together .
Nan nodded , nibbling on her lower lip .
Yeah , that sounds great , she agreed .
Since that conversation , an entire day has passed .
At dinner last night , Tyler was very kind to her .
He sat close to her and talked to mostly her .
She tried to pretend to be interested in the things he said , but her mind kept returning to Chester .
Many times , she cursed herself .
Today , though , Tyler had been acting strangely .
Almost possessively , he kept touching her , wrapping his arms around her , whispering in her ear , kissing her .
They shared a kiss the night before , but Nan stopped it before it became too much .
She couldnt stomach the thought of being with another while she had a mate , even if said mate didnt want her .
But Tyler didnt seem to get the hint ; he continued to touch and kiss her despite how many times shes pulled away .
Its like he had a silent claim on her , and then that stunt he pulled when he answered Judy for her and then denied Judy an invitation to come along .
Nan understood that it was last minute and there were most likely no tickets for sale , but that wasnt for Tyler to decide .
It was Nans invitation to her best friend , so it was her responsibility to figure something out .
Not some guy she met less than 48 hours ago .
Nan could tell that Judy was upset about the situation as well and she wanted to say something , but she was biting her tongue .
Maybe she was waiting for Nan to say something ? How did things get so messy so quickly ? What are you thinking about ? Tyler asked , draping an arm around her and pulling her into his side .
They were seated in one of the resort parlors that overlooked a gorgeous water fountain .
Nan found tranquility in this place ; there were flowers overlooking the floor to ceiling windows and in the distance , she could see the ocean .
This was the one place in this resort that wasnt swarming with people because there really wasnt much to do besides lounge .
1/2 Chapter 0304 Before Tyler randomly showed up , Nan was seated on the loveseat with a book in her hands , trying hard not to think about Chester , but it seemed to be the only thing her brain could do lately .
Im just nervous for Judy , Nan lied ; she was more than confident in Judys abilities to kick ass , but that wasnt what she was thinking about .
She was upset with Tyler for speaking rudely to her friend .
Nan wasnt even sure if she wanted to go out with him , but it didnt seem he was giving her much of a choice .
He seemed to always be around .
Im sure shell do great , Tyler said , tucking a strand of hair behind Nans ear .
How about we go back to my room and- Actually , I promised Judy that I would help her with something , Nan said , tucking her book back into her purse which sat at her feet on the ground .
She grabbed the strap of her purse and shouldered it , standing to her feet .
###Take 305
Chapter 0305 Tyler looked dejected .
But seriously , what did he think was going to happen ? Oh , okay , he said , his eyes pleading for her to oing to happen ? swallowed the lump in her throat .
not go .
Her stomach twisted , guilt clouding her judgment .noveldrama
She But Ill still see you tonight , right ? The concert and all … she reminded him .
He nodded .
Yeah , definitely , he replied .
She forced a smile at him and was about to walk away , but he quickly stood , grabbing her arm to stop her .
He pulled her into his embrace , wrapping his arms firmly around her statue like body as his lips brushed across hers .
At first , it was featherlike , but then he deepened it , shoving his tongue deep into her mouth .
She recoiled at the feeling , but he didnt seem to notice .
He continued to kiss her like he was never going to see her again .
He kept one hand on her lower head , and he moved the other hand up to her hair , gripping her head and holding it in place .
He nipped at her bottom lip , drawing it into his mouth , and then licked her upper lip .
He ran his lips down the nape of her neck and took in her scent .
She could hear the low growl of her wolf , but just as she was about to push him off and run out of the room , she heard the door opening and then heard a gasp at the doorway .
Tyler quickly released her and turned to face the intruder .
Nans stomach dropped when she saw Judy standing at the doorway .
Her face was pale , and she was staring daggers at Nan as if she had just slapped her .
Nan could see the utter confusion on Judys face and a little betrayal in her eyes .
Nibbling on her lip , Nan fixated her gaze on the ground .
Her head was so clouded , that she had no idea what Tyler said to Judy , but Judy looked even more annoyed .
Tyler didnt stick around , he put his hand on the small of Nans back and pressed his lips gently to her cheek .
Then he pulled back , gave Judy one last look , and then slipped from the room without another word or look in Nans direction .
Judy stepped aside , letting him pass her at the doorway .
Once they were alone , Nan thought Judy would have gone in on her about keeping something this big from her .
Or maybe she was angry on Chesters behalf .
They were friends after all .
Nan couldnt stand not knowing what was going on Judys head .
Her heart ached and she could see that Judy was hurting as well .
Judy , I- Nan started to say , unable to take the silence any longer .
Does having a mate mean nothing to anyone anymore ? Judy asked , her tone hard and cold , sending a shiver down Nans back .
Nan was taken aback by the harsh tone and the discriminating question .
W … what ? Nan asked , her eyes narrowed .
B Judys eyes were glossed over with unshed tears , and she refused to look Nan in the eyes .
She looked everywhere but it was unsettling .
You have a mate , Nan , she said simply .
And yet here you are … with another man .
Does that not bother you ? Does it not bother anyone because it seems to be happening more often than not ? First Ethan and now you .
Dont compare me to him … Nan tried to say , her voice weak and barely loud enough , but Judy managed to hear 4/2 Chapter 0305 her .
Why not ? She shot back without hesitation .
You both betrayed your mates .
You are the same right now .
Nan let out a choked sob at Judys harsh words .
Her shoulders sagged and she felt as if her world came crashing down around her .
No … I- Nan tried to say , but she wasnt sure what to say Hes an asshole , Nan .
Why cant you see that / Judy asked folding her arms across her chest ? Cant you see that hes not good for you ? It hurts me to see you like this , but you could fix it if you just talked to your mate .
But instead , you ran away .
Thats not fair … Nan tried to say , tears stinging in her eyes , but she refused to let them fall .
She just stood there like a statue , trying hard to keep herself under control .
Judy shook her head as disgust filled her expression .
Its not fair to Chester .
He doesnt deserve a mate who will skip the country and have sex with random men .
He deserves better .
With those words in the air , Judy turned and stormed out of the room , leaving Nan alone with her thoughts .
###Take 306
Chapter 0306 Woah ! I heard as I slammed my fist into the punching bag .
Sweat coated my forehead and the nape of my neck ! lifted the boxing gloves once more and slammed my other ist into the bag next .
I heard an Dol on the other side of the bag .
Sorry , I said , trying to will my body to calm down .
Tabby poked her head around the bag ; a frown marring her face as she studied me .
Everything okay ? You seem distracted today , she said , narrowing her eyes at me .
It was the day after the first portion of the competition .
Today was a training day while the first group , Group A , did their second portion of the competition .
Tomorrow , my group , Group B , will do the second portion .
So , on this fine Wednesday , those of us who are not participating in the competition today are at the gym .
I needed to blow off some steam after my talk with Nan .
Its been a couple of hours since I last saw her , and I wasnt too sure what I would say when I saw her .
I felt bad for how I reacted to her and Tyla though .
It wasnt right for me to judge Nan on her choices ; I knew she was hurting and confused over Chester .
She was only using Tyler as a distraction … I knew this and yet I still let my emotions get the best of me .
Hello ? Tabby said , waving her hand in front of my face.
blinked a few times , narrowing my eyes at her .
Did you say something ? I asked .
She rolled her eyes .
You need to get your head back in the game , she said , folding her arms across her chest .
This is serious , and you cant afford to be distracted .
Since when did you become my coach ? I asked her , rolling my own eyes .
Arent we competing against each other ? Yes , but I like you and I dont want to see you dead , she said , narrowing her eyes at me .
The last two weeks of the competition are death matches .
We need to be laser focused if we want to survive .
I knew she was right ; I leaned against the wall , willing my body to calm dowIL Tabby studied me for a moment longer before she pursed her lips and stepped closer .
Do you want to talk about it ? She asked , I could hear the sincerity in her tone and the kindness in her eyes .
No , I admitted .
She nodded and then thought about it for a moment .
Want to go with me to see Group As second match ? I nodded .
Yes , I said .
I was eager to see what the next match would be ; my group didnt get to fight until tomorrow , and then well know who moves on to the next round .
The arena was crowded when we arrived I found myself looking around , trying to get a glimpse of the one person I knew would be there .
When I found him , my stomach swirled slightly , Gavin was seated with other Lycan Chairmen and the choice judges sat In Chapter 0206 front of them .
His expression remained stoic as he stared at the participants preparing themselves in the middle of the battlefield .
Unlike the last match , this one they were all holding weapons .
Oooh , we get to use weapons this round ! Tabby said with excitement .
I wonder if we get to choose them ourselves .
Im going to get a drink .
Do you want anything ? I asked , my eyes remaining on Gavin .
When he noticed me , eyes grew dark .
his No , Im okay , Tabby said as she moved closer to the battlefield , desperate to get a closer look .
Okay , I said , finally pulling my eyes away from Gavins and heading towards the drink stand .
I thought about looking for Nan .
I had ho idea where she was , and I was starting to get worried .
She was most likely with Tyler , which made my stomach twist with nerves .
I didnt trust him ; there was something about him that gave me a strange feeling , I thought about calling Chester and seeing if he could talk some sense into Nan or do something to keep her safe .
But I knew Nan would be pissed that I butt in and also , it wasnt my place .noveldrama
I had to stay out of this and just be there for her despite not agreeing with her choices .
I was wandering around , lost in thought , barely noticing my surroundings or who was quickly approaching .
I felt a warm hand wrap around my wrist and pull me into a broad chest .
Arms wrapped around my body , pulling me into a corner and pressing me against a wall .
We were in a secluded area , so no one could see us , but we were still outside , and my heart was racing as I peeked up to look at Cavins intense gaze .
###Take 307
Chapter 0307 His eyes were so dark they were practically black , and he was breathing heavily like he was trying to catch his breath .
He was gazing down at me like he wanted to devour me .
I instantly grew weak for him , and I found myself leaning against him for support , fearing that my legs would give in and Id fall to the ground , embarrassing myself .
Before I could ask him what he was doing , his lips slammed into mine .
He kissed me like he had been starving .
and I was his food .
His tongue slipped out of his mouth and shoved into mine , tasting me .
He had one hand pressed against the wall above my head and the other hand cupping my lower back firmly , keeping me in place between him and the wall .
I had no intention of going anywhere .
All rational thought slipped out of my brain the said he had me pressed against a wall .
He nibbled on my lower lip , sucking on it and bringing it deeper into his mouth until it was swollen .
A low growl escaped his throat , and I knew his wolf was at the surface .
It made my own wolf perk and surge forward as well .
It was a strange reaction for her to have ; the last person she had surged for was Ethan .
When I was around him , back when I thought he loved me , it was often hard to control my wolf .
She knew what she wanted , and she wasnt going to ask permission to get it .
After Ethan broke our hearts and my wolf went into hibernation , I thought I would never feel that type of surge again .
But she just did it as I was kissing Gavin .
Something about Gavins kiss , his touch , was restoring her and making her who she was before Ethan came through like a tornado .
Do you know how badly I wanted to do that the second I saw you ? Gavin whispered against my lips .
I wrapped my arms around his neck , pulling him even closer to me and bringing his lips to mine again , kissing him back with just as much hunger .
You are going to make me lose control , he growled .
I smirked .
Good , I said , licking his bottom lip .
Be careful what you wish for , he replied .
The timer went off for the first round , indicating that it was beginning .
I put my hand on Gavins chest , stopping him from kissing me again .
You should get back , I told him .
They are going to wonder where youve gone .
He stared at me for a moment before he pressed his forehead against mine .
He took several deep breaths , making my cheeks flush .
My room , he told me in a deep voice .
Tonight .
He pushed himself off the wall and stepped back , giving me space to recollect myself .
I looked up at him and nodded .
Tonight , I confirmed .
Third Person POV I have the information you asked for , Adam said as he walked into the Parlor , Irene sat on the couch ; a pillow pressed to her chest Ethan had left a little while ago , he spent the night with her , as he does most every night .
They snuggled and kissed , but for the most part nothing else .
Cheater 0307 She stared at the ring on her finger and played with the diamond , her heart weighing heavy in her chest .
She knew Ethan was lying to her , but not having the proof was slowly killing her on the inside .
She jumped at the sound of Adams voice and when she looked up , she saw that he was holding a small envelope .
What ? She asked , blinking her eyes at the envelope .
I looked up the license plate , he clarified .
I have the information about the driver .
She wasnt sure if she was ready for this , but she swallowed the lump in her throat and nodded for him to continue .
He took a piece of paper out of the envelope and unfolded it .
Her name is Stella Airborne , he explained .noveldrama
Shes from the Redmoon pack .
Shes 21 years old and she works as a stripper in the city , at the club Luscious Women .
He turned the paper so Irene could see the photo , and her heart dropped ; that was the woman she saw at Ethans house .
What was a stripper doing at Ethans house ?
###Take 308
Chapter 0308 Nan was back in the hotel suite when I returned later in the evening .
She was dressed in a pretty black dress that rested just above her knees and showed off her cleavage from the low cut collar .
Her short hair was pulled out of her face , and she had a light layer of makeup on her face .
Nan was the kind of girl who didnt need to wear a lot of makeup .
She was more beautiful naturally , and she knew this .
She was staring at herself in the mirror , a frown on her lips as she studied herself .
She was examining the dress that I had never seen her wear before and the matching shoes that made her look tall and a bit uncomfortable .
They were squeezing at her feet , cutting off her circulation .
I frowned and furrowed my brows .
New dress ? I asked , shutting the door behind me .
Nan spun around to face me , her cheeks pink Oh , hi … she breathed .
I didnt hear you walk in .
She then glanced down at her dress and her cheeks grew even redder .
Tyler got me this dress for tonight .
I told him I didnt have anything to wear for a concert , so he had this sent to the room .
Hes getting you clothes now ? I asked , raising my eyebrows at her .
She shrugged and nibbled on her lower lip .
Its not like that , she argued quickly , her walls rising around her , protecting her .
Im going to return them after .
When I didnt say anything , tears filled her eyes , making my heart crack and my resolve fade .
Im not here to chastise you , I told her , sighing .
I wanted to apologize for what I said earlier .
She shook her head .
No , you were right , she told me .
Im being awful .
I shouldnt be hanging out with Tyler like this but hes a good distraction , Judy , and I need a distraction .
Im still so upset about the Chester thing and Im not really sure how to react .
Im not planning on being with Tyler after we return home .
But for right now … I need the distraction .
I nodded and stepped towards her , wrapping her in my arms and hugging her tightly .
I get it , I told her softly .
Im sorry I made you feel wrong about that .
You are an a decisions .
You know you better than anyone .
adult and can make your own She smiled through her tears as we pulled away .
I wiped a stray tear off her cheek with the back of my hand and we both chuckled softly .
I didnt like fighting with Nan , but when we did , we usually made up quickly .
Have fun tonight , I told her , nudging her arm .
Are you going to dinner with the other competitors ? Nanasked , watching as I rummaged through the closet for something to wear .
Nope , I told her with a grin , turning to look at her .
I have other plans .
Nan threw her head back and laughed .
She talked to me for while longer as I got dressed , preparing for my evening with Gavin By the time I was finished , Nan had len decency to come to the room and pick her up himself .
I sco my head , reminding myself that it wasnt my place to get volved to meet up with Tyler .
He didnt even have the led at the thought but then quickly brushed it out of Once I was done getting dressed , I grabbed my purse and hurried out of the room .
Gavins suite was only a couple of doors down .
As I approached his door , I took several deep breaths .
Meeting like this was risky , anyone could walk by and see me going into his room .
I knocked on the door lightly , but when there was no response , I knocked harder .
There was still no response .
Pressing my ear to the door , I tried to get a sign that he was even there .
I heard nothing I scowled and glanced at the time ; it was just after 7.
He told me to meet him in his room tonight , so I assumed he meant around dinnertime where everyone else would be busy .
I probably should have confirmed the exact time with him though I sighed and rummaged through my purse ; I wasnt planning on going to dinner tonight .
I was too nervous about the competition tomorrow and I just wanted to get into bed and spend a little time with Gavin .
I knew I still had a copy of his room key from when I made that mistake at the front desk .noveldrama
Once I found the key , I let myself into his I shut the door behind me and put the key back into my purse .
I slipped the purse off my shoulder and placed it on the kitchen counter .
I walked around the room , taking in the scent of Gavin that surrounded me .
It was comforting , and it seemed to put both my wolf and me and ease .
I found my anxieties starting to melt away .
I stared at the neatly made bed , ideas surfacing in my head wanted to surprise Gavin when he arrived .
I wanted to be prepared for him .
###Take 309
Chapter 0309 I was so busy getting dressed earlier that I hadnt stopped to think , maybe I shouldnt care what I wear because Im going to be taking it off anyway .
With a smirk , I started to strip myself out of my clothes .
I unhooked my bra , letting it fall to the ground , and I stepped out of my panties kicking them to the side .
I was completely naked as I slipped under his blankets on his bed and got myself comfortable and ready for him .
I waited … and waited .
Time seemed to be taking forever to pass .
With each moment passing , I grew more nervous .
I kept asking myself if this was a good Idea ; maybe I shouldnt have let myself into his room .
Maybe I should have assumed he meant tonight as in late tonight .
I felt stupid … but I remained .
I waited so long … I completely fell asleep , only to wake at the sound of the door opening and Gavin was speaking to someone as he backed into the room .
Panic struck me when I heard the other voice and felt his powerful aura .
It was another Lycan Chairmen .
He was at the door of Gavins room , and I was in his bed … naked .
Gavins POV Judy wasnt at the dinner as I expected she would be .
I glanced at the clock with a frown ; it was after 7.
The dinner began half an hour ago .
She should have been here .
I didnt see Nan around here either and I wondered if they were together .
I glanced at my clock once more and sighed ; I wasnt hungry .
I only came here because I wanted to see her , but secing she wasnt here , it was pointless for me to remain .
quietly slipped out of the room without anyone noticing .
Or so I thought nobody noticed .
That is until I reached the elevators to the rooms , and I felt a firm hand on my shoulder .
I turned to see Mica stepping onto the elevator with me .
Leaving so soon ? He asked , You havent eaten yet .
Not hungry , I replied , my face remaining expressionless as I pressed my floor number .
You left quickly after the competition earlier .
What did you think about the opponents ? I think a few of them are going to go a long way .
Its going to be hard cutting a few of them .
I nodded , not entirely sure why he was talking to me or following me .
Not all of them will survive next week , 1 murmured .
Stick to the ones who will .
After Group Bs turn tomorrow , I think we should sit down with the others and the judges and discuss it together , Mica suggested .
The elevator doors opened , and I stepped out , Mica following me as I walked down the hallway and toward my room .
I could smell Judys scent nearby and I knew she was here recently .
I grabbed my room key out of my pocket .
Mica leaned against the wall , studying me , Youve been off lately .
Is it because of Levi ? Is he causing ou problems again ? Mica asked .
I didnt trust any of the other Lycan chairmen with my business ; Mica and I had been friends of a sort for a while , and he knew better than anyone my ongoing feud with Lev But that didnt mean I truly trusted Mica with any type of Information .
Im just keeping my distance from him , I murmured as I pushed the door open .
I turned my back and faced Mica .
He looked like he wanted to walk into my room with me , but that was the last thing I wanted .
Was there anything else you needed , Mica ? If you dont mind I- Her scent hit me like a freight train , and I heard her inhaling a gasp from my bed .
Judy was in my room .
I was frozen at the doorway as Mica frowned at me ; he tried to glance into my room , probably hearing something as well , but I blocked his view .
You should get back to the dinner before they wonder where you are , I told him , my eyes narrowing in his direction .
He studied me for a long while before trying to glance in my room again .
Is everything okay ? He asked , his brows furrowed .
Nice talking to you , I muttered as I back into my room .noveldrama
He looked as if he were about to say something else , but I didnt give him that chance .
I slammed the door in his face and quickly locked it before he could even think to open it .
I let out a breath as I waited for him to leave .
After a minute , I heard him retreating from the door .
I turned around to find that my bed was empty , but it was a bit disheveled .
Someone was clearly in it .
As I walked around the bed , her scent grew even stronger until I was practically feral with need .
I bent down slightly and when I saw her closed eyes and her naked body hiding under my bed , I grinned .
###Take 310
Chapter 0310 Judys POV This was probably a stupid plan .
I mean , we were all wolf shifters , so Mica and Gavin could probably smell me .
I closed my eyes and held my breath as I hid under Gavins hotel bed .
I felt like a child , playing hide and seek , except I was naked .
My clothes were tucked beneath me .
I managed to grab them before I slid off the bed and rolled underneath it .
I could hear the distinct voices at the doorway , though I wasnt paying attention to what they were saying .
Gavin soon dismissed Mica , much to my relief .noveldrama
After the door was shut , Gavin waited a few moments .
We both heard Alpha Micas footsteps retreating and I let out of the breath I had been holding .
I still didnt come out from under the bed though .
Truth be told , I was embarrassed .
This was such a stupid plan .
Why did I think breaking into his hotel suite and laying in his bed naked while he wasnt here was a good idea ? I could feel the heat on my cheeks growing with each passing second .
I heard Gavins footsteps getting closer to the bed and my heart pounded wildly against my ribcage .
Then , he stopped .
I wasnt sure what he was doing , but I could see that his feet were only inches from me .
I kind of hoped he would just go to the bathroom so I could slip out undetected , but I knew I wasnt that lucky .
Are you going to stay under there all night ? He asked , his voice deep .
I should have known that he knew I was here this whole time .
I felt ridiculous hiding like that .
Do you think maybe you can go to the bathroom ? I asked him , my voice coming out as a squeak .
What ? He asked in return .
Id like to sneak out , I whispered , my tone trembling .
But I cant do that when youre watching me .
Can you Just go to the bathroom ? At this point , I was desperate .
He was quiet for a long while ; I thought maybe he would put me out of my misery and go into the bathroom so I could leave and pretend this terrible thing never happened .
But when he didnt make any effort to move , hope started to fade a little .
I felt him nearing closer until he was only inches from me , and then he bent , getting a better look at me .
My checks burned even more .
Or you can come out from under the bed , he suggested , keeping his tone low With a pounding heart , I cursed under my breath .
As I slid it from under the bed , he grabbed my arm , helping me to untangle myself fully , I hadnt realized how long I was under there because my body felt all tangled and stiff His warm hands cupped the smell of my back as I stood to my feet .
I was wildly aware that I was completely naked , and I should have been more embarrassed .
Then again , I was a shifter , and nudity wasnt really a big deal amongst us .
What are you doing it here ? He asked , his eyes narrowe I felt small at that moment like he was a father scoldingh child .
thought we were meeting tonight , Ladmitted , nibbling on my lower lip .
Im sorry for Inmiding Chapter 0310 I assumed youd come here after dinner , he told me , placing my chin between his fingers and pulling my head up so I was looking at him .
I sucked in a sharp breath when I saw the look in his eyes ; they were dark and filled with a hunger that sent a shiver throughout my body .
I wasnt hungry , I managed to say , my voice barely audible .
His eyes darkened even more , to the point that they were practically black .
Thats unfortunate , he said , stepping closer to me .
He ran his fingers down the nape of my neck and across my shoulders .
Goosebumps formed across my flesh as his fingers found their way down the sides of my breasts , which hardened from the cold room temperature .
Eventually , his hand was around my hip , and he pulled me into him , my naked body against his very clothed body .
Because Im starving , he finished his sentence as he took me in , his nostrils flaring .
###Take 311
Chapter 0311 I ran my fingers up his chest and wrapped them around his neck , pulling him closer to me so I could press his lips .
against mine , but he pulled back slightly , denying me and hurting my ego a little .
I pouted when I saw the pure amusement in his eyes .
Not yet , he said , stepping away from me .
I want to savor you … but also you need to be punished for breaking into my room and hiding from me .
My checks burned as I folded my arms across my chest .
I watched him lazily walk around the room as he slowly unbuttoned his shirt , his abs becoming apparent to me with each removed button .
It wasnt you I was hiding from , I told him , my eyes watching him warily .
Maybe not at first , he told me , his eyes finding mine .
But after Mica had left , you remained hidden .
Why ? I swallowed the lump in my throat and stared at the ground .
That was a mistake because he was closing the gap between us before I could even blink .
I looked up at him and saw his wolf flash through his eyes , making me shudder .noveldrama
Dont look away from me , he said in a low growl ; I shivered .
Answer my question .
Why did you hide from me ? I was embarrassed , I whispered .
Why ? He asked , his lips were so close to mine that if he moved just a little closer our lips would be touching .
His eyes dropped to my mouth , waiting with bated breath for me to answer .
Because … my voice trailed off as his lips delicately brushed mine .
Because why ? He asked in a hushed whisper , nipping at my bottom lip .
Because Im naked … I whispered back , peeking up at his dark eyes through my lashes .
He ran his fingers down the sides of my body , pulling me into him .
I gasped when he cupped my ass , lifting me up slightly so was rubbing my core against his budge .
Dont ever be embarrassed about being naked in my bed , he said as his lips crashed against mine .
The kiss was anything but sweet ; it was filled with a primaleed that made my heart race in my chest .
He lifted me into his arms and forced my legs around his waist as he deepened the kiss , his tongue tangling with mine .
I couldnt help the moan that escaped my lips as he scratched his nails down his back .
It seemed no matter how physically close to him I was , I couldnt quite get close enough .
I scratched him , needing to be even closer .
We both fell onto the bed , Gavin remained on top of me as he kissed the nape of my neck , his teeth grazing across the softest part of my flesh and making me tremble .
He ran his lips down my shoulders and across my chest .
My bare breasts were hardening from his touch as goosebumps clung to my flesh .
Iarched my back as his teeth tugged at one of my nipples ; he played with the other one with his fingers , tugging on it and making shocks of pleasure course through my body .
Everywhere he touched became hyper sensitive .
I felt tingles and electricity everywhere in his path .
The warmth of his body penetrated mine and it felt as if he was bringing me back to life after Ive been dead for so long .
It felt like taking that first breath of air after I spent a Arfetime drowning in the ocean .
With every touch , with every contact his skin made with mine , my heart beat a little bit quicker .
Had it always been like this between us ? Or was this something that was entirely brand new ? Before we came to this country , before we even knew that were both going to be here , our relationship had Chapter 0311 gotten rocky .
I didnt think we were going to continue our sexual relationship when I returned , but here he was ….
and here I was , entangled with one another as we kissed and touched each others bodies .
###Take 312
Chapter 0312 He lifted his shirt over his head , throwing it to the ground down his tan ridges , my mouth watering at the sight of him look at him .
It should be illegal to be this good looking checked out in incredible body , running my fingers He was so good looking that it physically hurt me to I ran my tongue down his torso , wanting to taste this man .
could taste the salt from his sweat and the sweetness that radiated off him .
He quickly undid his pants , pulling them down , along with his underwear .
His member was heavy as it was released .
I wrapped my fingers around him , needing to touch him and make him feel exactly how he made me feel .
I licked my lips , eager to satisfy him as he stroked himself in front of my face , teasing me with what he knew I wanted .
He placed the tip against my lips , and I kissed it gently , but just as my tongue darted back , he pulled away , his eyes dark as his wolf fought to take control , my own wolf surging forward , eager to get to him just as I Was I pulled her back , confused by her reaction Thankfully , Gavin didnt seem to notice .
He brushed his fingers through my hair , tucking a strand behind my ear .
Not so fast , he told me .
I want to see you squirm first .
He ran his fingers down my chest and cupped my breast , squeezing it playfully and pulling another moan from my lips .
He continued to stroke himself and watching him get even bigger was driving me crazy .
I wanted to touch him .
I reached my hand up , but he stepped back .
I was immediately cold from the lack of nearness , and I pouted without meaning to .
If you want this , beg for it .noveldrama
I blinked and looked up at him .
What ? I asked , my tone coming out breathy .
He smirked as he placed the tip against my lips again You heard me , he teased .
Beg .
I stared at him for a moment longer before a stifled smile made the corner of my lips twitch .
Please , Gavin … I want it … please give it to me , I told him in the pèppiest sounding tone I could muster .
I was surprised when he belted out laughing ; he didnt laugh often , but when he did , it made my heart flip in my chest .
It was a nice sound , and I wanted to make him laugh more and for longer , Thats how you beg ? He asked , raising his brows What do you expect from me ? I replied .
I dont beg .
I suppose you deserve it then , he said .
Open .
Lopened my mouth without hesitation , and he shoved his member into my mouth .
I swirled my tongue all around his shaft , bringing him further and deeper into my throat .
He ran his fingers through my hair , thrusting into me , his cock twitching with satisfaction every time I sucked in .
He let out a Throaty growl and a deep moan as he closed his eyes , taking in every feeling I was providing hini .
He spoke my name in a low tone that sent a shiver through ut my body .
I loved the sound of my name off his lips .
Chapter 0312 When he came undone , it was hard , and it was a lot .
I pulled away from him , smiling up as he kissed me deeply , his tongue invading my mouth .
You should get some sleep , he told me with a wry smile .
I blinked .
What ? I asked .
He grinned and pulled me to my feet .
Welcome to your punishment .
###Take 313
hapter 0313 Judys POV Welcome to my punishment ? Was he seriously going to deprive me of an orgasm just because I hid from him ? The look on his face showed amusement , but I knew from the look he was giving me that he was dead serious .
He really wasnt going to return the favor .
I stood from my place , still completely naked , pouting up at him .
This is cruel and unusual punishment , I complained , folding my arms across my chest , and successfully shielding my breasts from him in the process .
He grinned and leaned down , pressing his lips to my forehead .
I never said I was a fait man , he told me .noveldrama
Come on .
He pulled me with him until I was lying in the bed , the pillow resting behind my back and the blanket scrunched to my feet .
He pulled the blanket over my naked form , covering the rest of me .
He didnt bother getting dressed as he walked around the bed and slid in beside me .
Sleep .
You have a big day tomorrow at your second match , and you need to be up early .
I knew he was right , but still , I was horny and now Im frustrated .
Sighing , I rested my head on the pillow and tumed away from him .
I should have known it wouldnt be that easy though ; he wrapped me in his arms acting the part of the big spoon and he rested his face in the crook of my neck , inhaling my scent deeply .
I wasnt sure what that was about , but I decided to let it go for now .
I closed my eyes , and within a few minutes , I finally fell asleep .
Third Person POV Nan stood shell shocked as embarrassment clouded her .
She had never seen a fight up close and personal like this before , at least not ones that werent in wolf form .
But this .
this was something different .
This wasnt training or wolves defending their territory , this was a man showing Nin his true colors and she didnt exactly like what she was seeing Tyler had blown a comment way out of proportion .
He left to use the bathroom , leaving Nan alone at the concert .
A man approached her and started to talk to her .
Nan found nothing bad about the man ; he was an older gentleman and had a kind smile .
In a way , it kind of reminded her of Chesters smile .
This man also had a cute dimple on the side of this cheek that deepened the more he smiled .
He was also easy on the eyes , but Nan wasnt romantically interested in him .
She had only just met him , and she didnt get the vibe that he was interested in her either They spoke about the band mostly and how it was his favorite singer .
Nan had never even heard of this band until tonight , so that piqued the guys interest even more and he started to pry into her favorite music tastes .
He was about to part ways with her , spotting a friend that was waiting for , a pretty girl with a short skirt and phie styled tunde hair , Nairavsumed that was his date .
He gave Nan a quick side hug and told her that she locked beautiful and to keep shulling He noticed she was owning a lot and that was the reason he came to speak cented lüritake her undle Just as she was tuning him , Tyler intenupted and start Hyler woulds Listen to her .
He started to yell at her as wy to yell at him Nan tried to explain the situation , but calling her awtuthames And then he started to fight with the guy .
They were in the middle of fighting and tears streamed down Nans cheeks as the security team came to break it up .
The girl that the guy was with was also staring at the scene , her cheeks flushed and her mouth agape .
Nan had never been more embarrassed when the security asked her to accompany them outside ; they told her that she and her boyfriend couldnt stay .
Nan tried to explain the situation , but nobody was listening to her and soon , she fell silent as everyone around her stared and whispered Nan was silent as she sat in the car , waiting for Tyler to finish speaking to the security team .
Once they cleared him to leave , he got into the drivers seat and sped away , heading back to the resort .
They were about 30 minutes from the resort and Nans stomach was a mess .
She fought back the urge to cry again as she stared out the window .
The sun had set for the day and was replaced by a gorgeous half full moon and sparkling stars that twinkled above them as if they were shining just for her .
The silence was thick and awkward , and Nan thought she was going to be sick .
Im sorry , Tyler finally said ; it was about 15 minutes into the drive when he finally spoke .
She turned to look at him ; not sure what to say .
This was technically their second date ; they had only known each other for 3 or 4 days and things were already so complicated .
She wasnt sure if this was worth the unavoidable heartbreak once she was left .
###Take 314
Chapter 0314 I saw him flirting with you , and I guess I just went crazy , he admitted .
Theard what he said … and I got scared .
Tyler we arent exclusive , she blurted , her eyes narrowed .
She was proud of how strong her voice sounded when all she really wanted to do was cry .
He nodded , his mouth pressing in a thin line .
I know , but I was hoping that could change soon ? He asked .
When she didnt respond right away , he glanced her way before looking back at the road Im not really looking for anything serious right now , she told him , her teeth digging so hard into her bottom lip that she tasted blood .
She was nervous around him now , she didnt trust him .
I know , but I thought we could just get to know one another and see where it goes from there , he said softly .
Im sorry if Im moving too fast .
I just really like you , Nan want us to spend as much time together as we can before you have to leave .
Nan couldnt seem to look at him ; she kept her eyes fixed out her window .
She thought about Chester and the pain she endured before she arrived in this country .
She was so depressed she drank herself unconscious ; she got alcohol poisoning and had to spend time in the hospital .
The embarrassment she felt tonight was nothing in comparison to the pain she felt from Chester .
If not anything more , Tyler was still a good distraction for her and while Judy was busy with the tournament and dealing with her situation with Gavin , Nan could use a distraction , Maybe we can try again tomorrow night ? Nan suggested after a long while of silence .
Really ? Tyler asked , peeking over at her .
The resort carne into view and Nan was relieved to see it .
She really wanted to return to her room and get some sleep ; maybe have a girl chat with Judy .
She needed to talk to someone who wasnt Tyler .
Yeah , she said after another pause , thinking about her response carefully before committing .
Awesome , he breathed .
Maybe we can do dinner and some dancing ? I know a place in the city .
I can get us in for free .
Nan nodded thoughtfully ; she loved to dance .
It was a hidden talent she had .
If she didnt aspire to own her own .
restaurant one day , she would have opted to become a dancer .
Sound good , she said , forcing a simile .
Tyler parked the car , and Nan took her seatbelt off .
She thought about ditching Tyler in the parking lot and finding her own way back to the resort .
But Tyler insisted on walking with her , claiming he didnt want her to be wandering around alone .
Once they were at her hotel room suite , he boldly brushed his lips across her , giving her a quick kiss .
He had asked to come inside , but Nan told him that Judy was inside , and she didnt want to disturb her .
Begrudgingly , Tyler gave her another peck on the lips and then retreated .
As soon as Nan was in the room with the door shut , she let out a shuddering breath .
She wasnt sure why she was feeling so pent up , but her heart and body were at war with one another , pulling her in two different directions .
Due wanted lier far away from Tyler and the other wanted cling to him .
Then , there was her wolf who only Needless to say , Nat was confused When she saw that Judy wasnt in the room , she frowned .
She was disappointed though she knew that Judy was most likely still with Gavin .
She was probably not going to retum for the night .
With her thoughts heavy , Nan decided to go to bed .
Meanwhile , Alpha Levi sat in one of the resorts late night cafés .
He sipped on his cappuccino , his book resting on his lap as he ignored the new presence that appeared in front of him , sitting in the empty space .noveldrama
you brought me ? Levi asked , his eyes remaining fixed on his book .
It was as if he had asked What news have how the weather was .
She wasnt at the dinner , and Alpha Gavin left early .
I think they are together .
Which means your suspicions were correct .
It wasnt just a one night stand … they are actively sleeping together .
Alpha Levi nodded thoughtfully ; his fingers drumming on the table as he stared down at his half drunk cappuccino .
He had spent a long time trying to uncover Gavins weaknesses , but Gavin never showed any signs of having any .
If Gavin really was seeing Judy Montague , that could make her a weakness .
Keep getting close to her , Levi said , his eyes lifting to face the person sitting in the seat across from her .
I want to know what makes Judy so special and why shes quickly becoming Alpha Landrys weakness .
###Take 315
Chapter 0315 Judys POV Gavin wasnt in bed when I woke up the next morning .
Part of me wasnt surprised ; I had a feeling he would be gone before I woke up .
His side of the bed was cold , so I knew he hadnt been there in a while .
I woke from the sound of my phone ringing ; it was Levis Beta telling me to arrive at the gym at 7 arn , 2 hours earlier than scheduled .
I went back to my hotel suite to change clothes .
Nan completely passed out last night and was still sleeping soundlessly in her bed , so I tiptoed around her .
I was curious as to how her date went last night , but it was a conversation that would have to be had later , after todays competition .
Changing into my workout bra and skintight yoga pants I threw my hair into a messy pony before retreating from the room .
I hurried across the resort and made it to the gym in record time .
I expected to see everybody there like I would at the arena before the competition , but I was surprised to see only a select few competitors , along with Alpha Levi , his Beta , and Alpha Mica .
There was no sign of Gavin or Alpha Jeremy .
Tabe lying if I said I wasnt disappointed that Gavin wasnt here .
I glanced at my watch with a frown ; it was exactly 7 am but there were only 5 competitors here including me .
Shouldnt there be a lot more ? Thank you all for coming , Levi said , stepping , forward .
His eyes scanned each of us for a moment before he continued .
Part of being a Gamma means your sleep could be interrupted at any time .
You all conquered that in record time which further proves that weve chosen the right ones .
Mica nodded in agreement .
My brows furrowed as I stared arnongst the men .
As you know , the second portion of the competition is all about weapons .
We will be looking at a number of factors , such as how you handle the weapon and whether are you able to use it without killing anyone .
We all glanced at one another with frowns , none of us knowing what was going on .
Looking back at Levi , his eyes found mine and they narrowed .
Each opponent gets one weapon each , he continued , only this time , it was like he was speaking to me directly .
the Η Um excuse me … One of the competitors said , raising her hand timidly .
Levi glanced at her and nodded for her to continue .
where is everyone else ? She proceeded to ask the question we were all wondering 1 swear , I saw a stile twitching at the corner of his lips .
They will be picking their weapons afterward .
You s get to choose yours first .
The Lycan and the chosen judges bad roade a decision based on your last round .
Youve impresed them Prezes enged all around me , but was too focused on Levi to really hear what the others were saving Levis he flickered to the and heat erupted in my cheeks .
Something about bim didnt sit right with me and I dont Halal 10 % the fact that hes just Gavins enemy .
He looked me like he held secrets , Yon by the top .
Congratulations , he continued , his to never changing but his syen darkening This donen as one of the top – Chapter 0315 The others were just as excited , and it was clear on their faces .
One of the judges led us into the weaponry unit and my mouth dropped open at the sight of it all .
There were so many weapons of a different variety .
I used most of them before ; some I was better at using than others .
My eyes immediately went to the bow and arrow .
I thought about that being my weapon of choice because I had always excelled at my aim .
But then I thought against it , that might be a little too easy and expected , so I went with something else .noveldrama
I went through each weapon, my fingers grazing the handles of the swords .
One of the girls saw the bow and arrow and immediately went for it .
Another one grabbed a nun chunk .
Both guys grabbed a sword .
I thought about darrow grabbing a sword too , but I wanted more of a challenge .
And thats when I saw them … knives .
I had never actually used a knife to fight before , and I knew probably should have stuck with something I was confident in … but I really wanted to challenge myself .
Thats what this was all about … right ? As I walked over to them , I scanned each one .
They were all different sizes and shapes , but equally deadly .
They come in a bundle , Levi explained from behind me , startling me .
I turned to see him watching me .
Theres 5 of them in each bundle , he continued to explain .
Have you used them before ? I shook my head , admitting that I wasnt trained in knife fighting .
Im good at learning new things though , I told him .
He raised his brows .
Is this really the time to start learning new skills ? He asked .
What better way to impress the judges ? I asked in return I saw a smile twitching at the corner of his lips and a look of amusement crossed his face , but it was gone in a flash .
###Take 316
Chapter 0316 You are confident .
It could get you killed , he told me .
Then the other player will be eliminated , I told him , shrugging a shoulder as I turned back to the knives .
This week yes , Levi said , folding his arms across his chest .
But next week will be death matches and that confidence of we wont save you worry about that next week , I replied simply without looking at him .
Ill worn He was quiet for a moment before he barked out laughter , startling me once more .
I turned to look at him and he ran his fingers through his hair .
Well , youve certainly impressed me already Miss Montague , he told me , turning to walk away .
I just hope you live to see the end .
And with those parting words , he walked away .
I turned back to the knives , my mind already made up .
I grabbed them and wandered back towards the others who were patiently waiting .
While I stood with the others , I took my time putting the knives in certain parts of my attire .
I wedged one in each of my combat boots , another in the back pocket of my legs , and others in each of my front pockets .
The handles were black and blended in with my leggings well enough .
At that moment I was glad I chose the ones with the pockets .
Tabby saw me as I walked onto the arena with the others .
She glanced behind me at the others who were carrying their weapons and practicing .
Then her eyes studied me , noticing the knives in my boots and pockets , her eyes widening You got here early ? She asked when I approached I nodded .
Apparently , I was chosen as a top 5.
We got to choose our weapons first , I told her .
Theres limited supplies of each weapon so you better get there fast , I proceeded to warn Congrats , she said, a small frown on her lips .
Her tone was almost dismissive , and I could tell her mind was elsewhere .
I couldnt tell if she was happy for me … or upsee Well good luck out there , she added as she sauntered over to the others who were lining up to choose their weapons next .
Judy ! I turned to see Sammy walking towards me with a right smile .
Good luck today .
I came to support you .
I was surprised to see her ; I thought she would be with her boyfriend supporting him , not supporting the competition .
What about your boyfriend ? I asked .
Shouldnt you be on his team ? She shrugged .
Hes Group A so he already went yesterday , she explaine How did lie do ? I asked , not wanting to make it sound like I was fishing for information , even though I was .
It Ednt hurt to find out where the others stood .
He did time .
He had to see a medie for a minor injury , but he cleared him for the next round , she told me .
He left me all alone today .
Something about working out with is buddies , So , I figured Id come here and show you Some support .
Chapter 0316 I nodded thoughtfully .
Well , I could use all the support I could get .
Ive never actually used these things before , I admitted , patting my pockets that held the knives .
But Ive used daggers , so Im sure they arent much different .
Just smaller , thinner , and much lighter than Im used to .
She frowned .
You should have chosen a weapon you were good at to increase your chances , she told me .
You could get hurt , if you arent careful .
What better way to impress the judges ? I asked , smirking .
I might even impress myself .
She chuckled .
Well , good luck .
Maybe we can hang out later? She suggested .
I kind of wanted to do a girls night or something .
Friends dont come easy to me and you and Nan seem like really fun girls .
That would be great .
If you see Nan , can you tell her to wall for me after the match ? Sure , she said , then she turned and sauntered off .
I went towards the center of the arena to prepare for the battle and get into position .
My eyes wandered around the stadium until they found Gavin , seated with the other Lyca Chairmen .
Lycan Mica was talking to him , but he didnt seem to be paying attention .
His eyes were on me .
I held his eyes for a long while , time seeming to stand still .
My heart was pounding heavily in my chest as heat rose in my cheeks .
It was only when I saw Alpha Levi staring at me that I managed to pull my eyes away from where they were seated .noveldrama
Welcome to the second portion of the competition , the announcer spoke through the loudspeaker , silencing the murmuring audience .
This time you will be using weapons .
Killing is forbidden , and if its done , youll be eliminated .
This is not a death match .
You are judged based on your skills using weapons and your ability to aim properly .
Medics are nearby ; if you are too injured to continue , youll be taken to the infirmary and eliminated from the competition .
Good luck .
The crackling of the loudspeaker made me flinch and then the announcer spoke again after a long pause .Begin !
###Take 317
Chapter 0317 Judys POV I didnt really have a plan for attack during this round .
Everybody was kind of everywhere and if I didnt move fast I would get hurt by one of the many flying weapons .
I ducked when a sword went spiraling through the air , nearly nipping my ear in the process .
I ignored the gasps and cheers from the crowd around me as I ran , trying to find an opening so I could take in my surroundings and find the weakest My eyes found Tabby , she had a bow and arrow and was shooting it in the direction of one of the largest guys .
He had a sword and was able to whack the arrow off course , making it shoot another competitor in the back .
He went down almost immediately .
He was dragged away by the on scene medics ; my stomach churned at the sight .
The medics wore gear that prevented them from getting hurt by most weapons , including bulletproof vests .
I couldnt watch the scene long because someone else ran up to me with a sword in hand .
I managed to dodge the attack .
When I spun around , I clenched my fist and punched him in the face .
I heard his nose cracking from the force .
1ignored the pain in my hand and did a backflip away from the attacker , kicking him in the process and making him stagger backward again .
Though blood poured from his nose , once he got his footing , he ran towards me , anger clear on his face as he swung his sword at my feet , trying to get me off balance .
I jumped over the sword and kicked his chest again , doing another backflip and landing effortlessly on my feet behind him .
He went down within the second , unable to catch his footing a second time , and dropping his weapon to the ground .
I grabbed the sword off the ground and pointed it at him , my eyes blazing with fury .
He stared up at me , blood caked on his face and his eyes wide .
For a second , I thought hed fight me again .
But he didnt ; be was surrendering- Just as I was about to head to the next competitor an arrow flew straight at me and pierced my left shoulder .
I hissed in pain as the arrow wedged itself in my flesh and I heard the crowd gasping in shock from the impact .
From the corner of my eye , I saw Gavin standing to his feet .
I paid him no attention though .
I spun around to see a man in the distance , his bow pointed right at me as he readied another arrow .
I grabbed the end of the arrow sticking out of me and pulled it out of my shoulder , wincing at the pain .
It would need to be bandaged before my wolf could properly heal me .
Blood seeped into my shirt , and I started to feel hot and lightheaded from the loss of blood , but I knew I needed to maintain my focus .
I dodged the second arrow that came flying at me , aiming for my other shoulder .
I grabbed one of the knives that was tucked in my boot , and threw it at him without a second thought .
The knife spiraled through the air and took out his leg.
He went to the ground in an instant .
I ran towards him , grabbing another knife , ready to stab him again , but I was tripped by bnother competitor .noveldrama
I fell to my stomach and Immediately rolled to my back .
Just as he was about to lunge at me , I kicked my feet and got him right in the stomach , making him stumble back .
1 jumped to my feet and punched him in the face before he could make another attack .
I got him in a headlock and we both tumbled to the ground .
I grabbed a knife and put it to his throat .
Surrender ! I growled , my wolf surging forward , giving my voice that extra force .
You cant kill me , he rasped out .
Youll be eliminated .
###Take 318
Chapter 0318 I can make it so you can never talk again , I seethed , pressing the knife firmly against his juggler .
I felt blood ridding down his neck and onto my forearm .noveldrama
He was quiet for a moment , trying to figure out if I was serious or I felt his body relaxing and the weapon he held fell to the ground He was surrendering 1 released him and got back to my feet .
He made the right choice because I was seriously considering making him Within the second , medics came and escorted him off the battleground .
I fought my way through the other competitors , dodging and counter attacking .
I ignored the blood oozing from my shoulder and the pain that came with it .
Getting shot byan arrow really sucked and I was determined to get him back for that .
I had my eyes set on that cocky son of a bitch as he released more arrows at the others , a smug smile on his lips .
My eyes shifted to the other side of him and they grew wide when I saw what was happening .
Tabby was surrounded by a ton of men , each of them with a sick look in their eyes .
She was shorter in her human form , but in her wolf form , she was fairly large .
Too bad she couldnt shift ; I knew shed be able to take them all instant .
She held the bow to her chest , her eyes wide as larger men surrounded her .
I grabbed the rest of my knives and ran towards them , no longer interested in my main target .
As I jumped through the air , using some of the other men as a way to get higher into the sky , I released all the ves , making them fly through the air at a fast speed .
Each knife hitting the guys that were surrounding Tabby .
I aimed them perfectly so they would hit a non critical point on their skin , but hard enough that it would take them down upon impact .
I landed on the ground in front of Tabby as the men around her whaled in pain on the ground with stab wounds .
Tabbys breathing was heavy as she looked up at me .
I thought I was a goner , she admitted .
Where did you even come from ? I thought you could use some help , I brushed the dirt off her shoulder and gave her a small smile .
Thanks , she breathed .
Just then , we were both bombarded with more competitors I grabbed my blood soaked knives on the ground and turned to Tabby who was readying an arrow Come with me ! I ordered as I ran towards the forest ground .
She ran with me until we were in a clearing ; I was well aware that there were others following us , trying to take us down but I refused to turn around and give them an opening I reached the tree that held the zipline , the zipline went from one side of the arena to the other and nobody had dated to use it yet Until now What are you doing ? Tabery asked as I started to climb up the giant oak tree .
Come on , I told her as I reached the halfway point .
It was effortless on my part , and I didnt have to look down Chapter 0310 to know that we were being chased ; I could hear their rapid footsteps close by and if Tabby didnt hurry , she would find herself on the opposite end of the battle .
She hesitated for a moment , but as another arrow flew by her face , catching her attention , she immediately started to follow me up the tree .
She struggled to keep up , but she managed .
Soon , we were on top of the great oak .
I grabbed hold of the zipline , waiting for Tabby to catch up .
I stared down at the competitors who were fighting with one another .
There were many who passed out on the ground already ; some too injured to move on and others just surrendering .
The medics were trying to round up the injured and get them off the battleground .
###Take 319
Chapter 0319 My eyes found Gavin who wasnt watching the fight with everyone else , he was watching me .
His eyes remained on mine and for a moment , I saw a flicker of worry in them .
Whats the plan ? Tabby asked , staring down at the ground .
There were a few others who were trying to climb the tree as well , they werent as fast though , so I knew I had a bit of time to come up with something With a pounding heart , I turned to her , glancing at her weapon .
How many arrows do you have left ? I asked .
About 3.
she told me .
I wasnt able to collect the ones I used I nodded and stared down at the arena .
There were a few really strong men who were fighting effortlessly , and I knew if I were to fight them one on one , I wouldnt stand much of a chance .
I was a skilled fighter , but I was aware that others were better than me and stronger .
If I wanted to make it out of here on top , I would need to eliminate those men .
Hows your aim ? I asked her .
Better than most , she told me proudly .
I nodded as I grabbed the zipline handles .
See those men over there , I asked , pointing at the two who were ganging up on another woman who was struggling to maintain her stance .
Tabby nodded .
Aim for them , I told her .noveldrama
Im going to aim for those guys over there , I said , pointing at another set of men who were fighting with one another .
She looked uncertain as she nibbled on her lower lip .
The ones who had followed us were almost at the top of the tree .
We didnt have time to debate this any further .
Grab my waist , I ordered loudly.
Without hesitation , she grabbed a hold of my waist .
I jumped and allowed the zipline to take us through the air .
Tabby grabbed her bow and arrow while keeping a tight hold on me and she aimed for the men I told her to aim for .
She released the arrow , and it flew into the air , piercing one of the guys in the back of the shoulder , careful not to hit his heart .
He went down in an instant and she cheered at the sight .
She prepared another arrow as I readied one of my knives .
I whipped the blade at the first guy who shot me with an arrow , and it pierced him in the arm , disarming him and injuring him in the same instant .
He let out a howl and fell to the ground .
Tabby managed to shoot another man and then prepared her last arrow in the same instant .
She really was good at alming , wed have to share strategies when this whole thing was over .
I threw another knife and pierced someone in the lower back , making their back arch and then fall The crowd oofed at the sight .
Il to the ground .
Chapter 0319 I dont know if I can hold on much longer ! Tabby said , fear is evident in her tone .
Her hand was startling to loosen around my waist , and I knew she was struggling .
We were only halfway to the other side .
This zipline wasnt fast enough and I knew it the second we started moving I didnt give her a chance to prepare .
I released my hold on the handles and we both fell through the sky .
Her screams pierced the arena and silenced the crowd .
The ground approached fast , and I landed with a loud thud , trying to cushion Tabbys fall .
She landed on top of me and immediately rolled off as pain shot through my body It wasnt from the fall though ; it was from an arrow that shot me in the back the second I landed on the ground .
###Take 320
Chapter 0320 Gavins POV The crowd was silent when Judy fell through the sky and landed on the ground , but chaos broke out as they watched an arrow piercing her back and sticking out through her stomach Judys face had gone pale almost mimediately after and she struggled to stay awake .
There was no way she could continue after this .
She was out Everything happened in a blur after that ; one minute Mica was speaking to me , and the next I was on the battleground kneeling over Judys still and blood soaked form .
As the medics arrived , I glared at them , my eyes glowing as my wolf fought to take control .
They werent fast nough ; I had been here for almost 2 minutes , trying to stop the bleeding with my hands and attempting to get her to open her eyes and there wasnt a single medic nearby What took you so long ? I asked through my teeth .
She needs help ! One of the medics glanced at the others with a frown before they jumped into action .
I let out a growl , urging them to hurry .
I wasnt sure what was up with my wolf because he had never acted this way before , but he was fighting me for control the longer the medics took Its a pretty bad injury , one of the medics said , assessing the damage .
It doesnt look like it hit any vital organs though .
We shouldnt take it out until we get her to the examination room .
The others nodded in agreement .
Get the stretcher , one of them said to another.
This is the worst injury weve had today .
We need to be careful with her .
Holy shit , is she okay ? A girl asked as she rushed towards Judy .
She was the same girl that was on the zipline with her .
Tabitha , I believe her name was .
I didnt reply , my eyes remained fixed on Judys pale face .
Sweat started to bead at her forehead , and her breathing began to grow more manual .
Her eyes were fluttering , and I wondered if she was trying to open them She screamed out as they put her on the stretcher , keeping her on her side to not agitate the arrow sticking out of ber .
A growd escaped my throat without meaning for it to happen , startling the medics .
We need to get her to the operating room , Alpha , one of the medics informed me .
I realized my grip was on the stretcher and my eyes were most likely glowing yellow as my wolf surged forward .
1 had to pull him back and release the stretcher .
What the hell was wrong with me ? Theres a lot of blood , one of the medics murmured to the other as they assessed Judy .
They started to carry Judy away from the battleground , my eyes trained on her paling and swear coated face .
Her eyes opened slightly , and I saw the life draining from them as she stared at me .
I barely heard the announcer calling for a time out during this whole thing .
I didnt realize Everyone had their eyes on Judy as she was being escorted out .
I was about to follow but a firm grip stopped me .
Chapter 03 20 I Ato see Mica staring at me with a frown .
Whats gotten into you ? Since when do you react that way ? He asked , narrowing his eyes at me .
I grabbed his wrist and forcefully pulled it off a low growl escaping my lips , making his eyes widen .
Shes from my pack ; she is my responsibility .
Ill react how I see fit , I snarled my tone coming out with a deadly bite .
He blinked and then his eyes wandered over to Judys distancing body .
I had no idea she was from Silver Crescent , he murmured , his eyes finding their way back to me .noveldrama
That explains a lot .
Shes one of yours and you feel protective towards your packmates .
I need to leave , I murmured without responding to his assessment .
I ignored the stares Levi was giving me as I followed the medics out of the arena .
The second I was gone ; the announcer started the time again and the battle continued for the next hour .
The infirmary was filled with those who had watched their loved ones get hurt .
1 didnt like being grouped together with them ; I wanted to be in there with her , but they told me it would only be a distraction if I were to be in the same room .
but I didnt Of course , I could have used my Lycan powers and forced them to let me into the operating room , because they were right .
They needed to focus and not have me breathing down their backs the entire time .
My wolf was unstable right now and I wasnt sure what was wrong with him , it was safer if we stayed away until she was done with her surgery .
Have you heard anything ? Nan asked , rushing into the infirmary , tears clear in her eyes .
1 hadnt seen her at the arena , so I was surprised to see her in the infirmary .
A young girl was with her , and I recognized her from around the resort ; a few times I spotted her talking to Judy .
Shes still in the operation , I murmured .
She sat down beside me and buried her face in her hands , groaning softly .
I hadnt really spoken to Nan a lot , but I knew she was Judys best friend , and I also knew she knew about my relationship with her .
Youre Gavin Landry , the girl she was with said , her eyes wide as she stared at me .
I didnt bother responding to her , instead , my eyes scanned her .
She had a strange yet familiar aura to her that I couldnt figure out .
Im Sammy .
A friend of Judys .
I really hope she pulls through .
###Take 321
Chapter 0321 I should have been there , Nan whispered , lifting her gaze .
If Sammy hadnt told me what had happened … I wouldnt have known .
Im such a terrible best friend .
Why werent you there ? I found myself asking , needing a distraction .
I didnt want her to think she was at fault .
because I knew Judy wouldnt want that , but I needed to think about something else other than the fact that she was lying on an operating table right now .
I was dealing with something , Nan sighed , leaning back in her seat .
She ran her hands up her arm , like she was trying to warm herself and that was when I saw the handprint marks on her forearm .
Without thinking , I grabbed her wrist , careful not to hurt her .
She startled and turned her widening eyes in my direction .
Are those bruises ? I asked in a low tone .
She pulled her arms away and covered them with her sleeves .
Its nothing .
It was an accident , she told me a little too quickly .
An accident ? I asked .
Thats not an accident .
Who did that to you ? Its nobody , she told me , more adamantly this time .
Like I said … it was an accident .
He was angry and I went to walk away , and he grabbed my arm to stop me .
I bruise easily .noveldrama
Who ? I asked again , my tone was more forceful this time I was seconds away from using my Lycan powers on her and forcing the information out of her .
Look I know you are smitten with Judy or whatever , but that doesnt give you a right to pry into my personal life .
I dont want to talk about it .
Its not your concem , Alpha .
Sammy sucked in a sharp breath at her words , and I let out a low growl .
She clamped her lips shut and glanced at the ground , desperate to keep herself from looking at me .
I was clear Nan had no intention of telling me who had hurt her , and I knew the second Judy saw those bruises she was going to want to find out who it was and get to the bottom of it herself .
It might even put her in further danger .
If I find out who it was- I started to say through my teeth , the thought of Judy putting herself in a dangerous situation festered in my mind , making my thoughts jumble and my wolf agitated .
Nan interrupted my words by standing up abruptly .
If youll excuse me , Alpha Landry .
Without another word , she stepped away from me and hurried toward the other end of the waiting room .
I stared .
after her with my lips pressed … I thought about Irene and how I would react if something like that happened to her .
She was my daughter , and I would slaughter anyone who brought harm to her … same with Matthew .
Same with Judy … Sammy sat in Nans former seat .
Probably that guy shes been talking to , Sammy said with a shrug .
I heard them arguing before we came here , and it sounded really bad .
I glared at her .
Chapter 0321 What guy ? I dont know his name , she said , nibbling her lower lip .
I glanced back at Nan and saw that she had taken a seat somewhere else , her hands buried under her lap and her eyes fixed on the ground as she fought the urge to cry .
So , Judy is part of your pack , Alpha ? Sammy asked curiously .
Has she always been ? The door opened and someone walked into the waiting room .
It drew my attention to the person , ignoring Sammy completely .
I didnt recognize the small group that entered .
It was guy and two girls , both looked worried but the guy only looked annoyed as he looked around the waiting room , his eyes landing on Nan .
The second the girls saw Nan ; they rushed to her .
I watched as her face grew paler as they got closer to her .
Her eyes refused to look at the guy .
I narrowed my eyes ; he looked guilty as fuck .
Was this the guy who did this to her ? I channeled my Lycan hearing so I could hear what they were saying , Can we talk ? He asked her .
She finally glanced his way , swallowing Im here for my best friend .
Havent you said enough ? She asked .
Please , he pleaded softly .
Give me a chance to explain myself .
Nan , hes a good guy , one of the girls said .
He didnt mean to hurt you .
Yeah , hes my cousin is so sensitive , the other girl said .
Give him a chance .
Nan glanced between them all before her eyes landed on me … I was busted .
She knew I could hear them , and she knew that I now knew the truth .
She sighed and then stood to her feet , quickly averting her eyes from mine .
Okay , she said softly .
Lets talk .
She disappeared out the door with him and the girls sat down in the seats that Nan was nearby .
I thought about following them , but then the door of the operating room swung open and one of the doctors walked out .
Alpha Landry , he said , stepping towards me .
I stood to attention immediately .
Miss Montague is out of surgery , and it went well .
We think she will be cleared for next weeks challenges .
Now that shes patched up , wolf will heal her in no time .
No serious injuries were detected .
Relief .
All I felt at that moment … was relief .
###Take 322
Chapter 0322 Judys POV You should give it a day or so and your wolf will heal you , the doctor told me with a warm smile .
If it werent for your Alpha , we might not have gotten to you on time .
You had the worst injury today .
I raised my brows at his words .
My Alpha ? The Redmoon pack didnt have an Alpha yet … was he talking about Gavin ? I didnt bother asking him .
He finished what he was doing before he left the room , leaving me alone with my thoughts .
I was surprised that I was in a private room ; I thought they would have stuck me in a room with the others .
My chest constricted when I thought about the battle .
had I messed up completely ? The doctor told me that I should be healed within the day , so I should be cleared by the next found , but would they even want me to continue to the next round ? Was all of this for nothing ? Had I messed everything up ? After a few minutes , the door opened , and I turned to see Gavin walking into the room .
I was honestly surprised to see him .
I thought hed still be at the arena , watching the rest of the battle .
Then again , maybe it was over by now .
I wasnt sure what time it was or how long I had been there .
Gavins face remained stoic as he closed the door behind him .
Turning to face me , his expression darkened .
Are you going to ridicule me ? I asked him after he hadntsaid anything .
Tell me that I was stupid and reckless ? He still remained quiet , his eyes studying my face , his expression brewing I pressed my lips in a thin line and stared back at him .
My heart pounded against my chest .
The silence went on for so long with us glaring at one another , that I didnt think he was going to say anything .
And then , to my surprise , he stepped towards me in one quick motion , cupped my face with his hands , and lowered his lips to mine .
His mouth covered mine , and the warm , inviting kiss soothed all my worries .
He nipped at my bottom lip , nibbling me and drawing me further into him with his hands .
Sparks danced on my flesh and made my heartbeat even faster.
He licked the seams of my lips , begging me without words to part them and I did so without hesitation , granting him access to deepen the kiss .
He sucked my tongue into his mouth , and I couldnt help but let out a little moan as I desperately tried to get closer to him , pressing my body further into him .noveldrama
He ran his fingers through my hair , massaging my scalp and causing tingles to spread throughout my body .
He pulled back slightly , leaving us both breathless and craving more , my eyes fixated on his lips .
Someones coming , he rasped out , agitation clear in his tone .
Just as he said those words , I heard the door opening .
He pulled back from me , a smug look on his face as he took what he wanted from me and left me craving him .
I barely had time to recover before I was being greeted by Alpha Jeremy .
I hadnt had many encounters with him , so I was surmised to see him .
Like the other Lycans , he portrayed a power that made it difficult to look at him .
Gavin was the only one I could truly look at without my wolf cowering Chapter 0322 away or completely submitting .
I knew I was red , and my lips were swollen , I just hoped that Jeremy hadnt noticed .
Thankfully , he wasnt looking at me , his eyes were on Gavin .
It gave me enough time to wipe the moisture off my lips and smooth out my hair .
Gavin , Alpha Jeremy greeted .
How are things here ? You ran off so quickly we werent able to speak .
Shes recovering , Gavin said cooly as if he didnt just rock my world with only a kiss .
How was he able to recover so fast ?
###Take 323
Chapter 0323 Jeremy turned towards me as if just noticing me for the first time .
I just spoke with your doctor , and they say youll be healed for the next round on Tuesday , he explained .
Congrats on being cleared .
You fought a fair game out there and Im excited to see what more you have in store .
My eyes grew large at his words ; did Jeremy confirm that made It to the next round ? Did that mean I passed ? How was that possible ? I lost this round … I ended up in the infirmary .
I dont understand .
Did I make it to next week ? I finally asked , my voice coming out a bit hoarse from dryness .
1 realized I hadnt had anything to drink since before the match ; it had to have been several hours ago .noveldrama
Jeremy gave me a small smile and a curt nod .
Despite getting stabbed , your techniques , weapon use , and weapon control were superb .
You not only impressed the judges , but you also impressed the Lycans .
Congratulations .
Youll get an email with your weekend schedule by tomorrow .
Your official notice for moving onto the next round will also be sent to your email .
My heart swelled .
I actually made it !! I looked at Gavin , expecting him to be smiling , but he had a dark look in his eyes .
His jaw was clenched so tightly T feared hed break a tooth if he didnt loosen his mouth .
His Adams apple bobbed when he swallowed , his eyes never wavery as they poured into the side of Alpha Jeremys face .
I pulled my eyes away from Gavin and glanced back at Jeremy who was pretending not to notice the dark look Gavin was shooting him Thank you so much .
I wont let you down , I told him , trying to ease some of the tension building in the room .
Next week is crucial so you better be on youre A game , he warned .
I dont want to see you back here .
I have a feeling youll go far , Miss Montague .
Something about praise from a Lycan made my heart skip a beat and pride swell in my chest .
Jeremy finally glanced at Gavin and frowned .
Gavin , he said , dismissively as he turned towards the doors .
We are holding a meeting tomorrow morning in the conference room before the match .
Ill see you there .
Gavin didnt reply , he kept a passive look on his face , folding his arms across his chest .
Jeremy turned towards me and gave me a polite smile .
After he said goodbye , he left the room without another look in Gavins direction .
I suddenly couldnt take it anymore .
I was sick of his hot and cold attitude .
I was just told good news and Gavin looked like he wanted to rip someones head off their shoulders .
Whats wrong with you ? I asked after the brewing silence went on for far too long Just as Gavin opened his mouth to speak , the door swung open , and the doctor stepped into the room .
Nan , Tyler , and Sammy followed after him .
I wasnt particularly happy to see Tyler amongst the group , but I was happy to see the others , despite the fact that they interrupted my conversation with Gavin .
Chapter 0323 I gave him a look that said , We arent done talking ! His eyes darkened and I felt my chest tightening I forced myself to relax and smile as Nan wrapped her arms around me , hugging me tight .
I was so worried about you , she breathed .
Im so sorry I wasnt there and that this happened .
I glanced at Tyler who stood a distance away , his eyes anywhere but me .
I knew why Nan wasnt at the arena and I didnt like it .
I didnt trust this guy .
Nan didnt belong to him ; he wasnt her mate .
Nans mate was back home right now and there was no doubt in my mind that he was hurting You are looking better than I thought youd look , Nan said , pulling way to look at me .
How are you feeling ?
###Take 324
Im fine , I assured, her pulling my eyes away from Tyler to look up already fast at work .
It was true , I could feel my wounds bealling as my wolf sumped her ener at her .
Ill be fine by tomorrow .
My wolf is through my body .
Thank goodness for that , Sammy said , hugging me quickly before pulling back .
I saw Tatry out there .
Shes just getting checked out by some nurses and then shell come see you .
I nodded , not wanting them to make a fuss over me .
Im fine , really , I assured them .
Dont worry about me I was thinking we should do a girls night , Sammy suggested .
I think we could all use some time to relax and gossip .
That sounds great , but Im stuck here , I told her , lifting my arm to show her the IV in my arm .
I think you are all set to leave whenever you are ready , the doctor told me as he pulled the IVs out of my arm and dismantled me from the machines , Your wolf should fully heal you by tomorrow morning and then youll be back to your normal self .
I dont see a need to keep you here Gavin didnt stick around ; he excused himself and left without saying a word to me .
I furrowed my brows at his retreating form , wondering what the hell was wrong with him .
Im glad you are feeling better , Sammy told me , sitting on the couch in the hotel suite .
Tabby sat beside her , reaching for the bowl of popcorn that sat on the side table .
She had a few scratches and bruises on her , but nothing too serious.
She was also cleared for next week .
Nan and I were seated on the loveseats ; Nan was trying to find us a movie to watch .
The bruises on her arm caught my attention the second we were back at the hotel suite .
I tried to ask her about them , but she brushed me off and changed the subject.
I didnt need her to tell me who had done that .
I already knew and I wasnt going to stand for it .
Tyler was a dead man .noveldrama
Yeah , I cant believe Alpha Gavin rushed onto the arena like that , Tabby laughed , shaking her head .
Did you see his face ? I thought he was going to kill someone .
I wish I was there to see it , Nan sighed , leaning back in the seat .
She finally found a romcom , and all she had to do was press play , but she held off while we continued to talk .
Ew , cant we watch action or something , Tabby complained , crinkling her nose at Nans choice .
I love romances , Sammy said , a smile lighting up her face .
You would , Tabby said , rolling her eyes .
Ignoring them , I turned to Nan .
Is everything okay ? I asked her .
I mean with you and Tyler .
She frowned at me .
Why do you ask … ? 1 glanced at her wrist , my eyes narrowed .
Because Im not blind , I told her , raising my eyes to hers .
Did you really think I wouldnt notice ? Like I said to Gavin , I have it handled .
Its okay .
Im fine , she told me , exasperated .
I raised my brows at her words .
Gavin ? I asked her .
All Im saying is romance movies are stupid , Tabby said , cutting through my thoughts .
And corny .
Says you , Sammy said , folding her arms across her chest .
Nan rolled her eyes .
Im choosing the movie , and I want to hear nothing about it , she told them , ending their argument .
She was trying to avoid our earlier conversation .
Nan grabbed the remote off the table and pressed play , giving them one last pointed look .
My phone buzzed on the coffee table , and I grabbed it right away.
Glancing at the screen , my heart skipped a beat when I saw Gavins name .
Gavin : Meet me in my suite .
Now .
###Take 325
Chapter 0325 I paced my room ; I had just finished showering , and I was wearing only boxers .
I ran my fingers through my soaked hair , watching as water droplets landed on the ground .
Anger was festering in my chest , and my wolf was itching to get out and go for a run , but I held him back because the way he was right now was unstable .
I worried he might do if I were to set him free at the moment .
I couldnt get Micas words out of my head ; she was free to move on to the next round .
In hindsight , I should have been happy for her .
That was what she was here for , right ? But I couldnt bring myself to be happy .
She was moving onto the death matches … if she were stubborn enough , which I know she is , she could end up dead before this coemption is over .
There was a faint knock on the door , and I froze , glaring at the door .
I knew it was Judy before I even opened it .
I grabbed the handle and pulled it open , almost pulling the door right off its hinges in the process .
She stood before me , her eyes fixed on the ground and her cheeks blazing red .
She wore a black lacy nightgown , and it made me wonder if she wore it just for me .
Her hair was pulled back out of her face , though a couple of strands fell over her face , giving her head a bedhead look to it .noveldrama
My cock twitched at the sight of her , and I wanted to pull her into the room and have my way with her until the sun came up .
But I held back because this wasnt about sex .
I needed her to know that I didnt think it was a good idea for her to move on to the next round .
I wanted her to go home .
I stepped aside , waiting for her to enter the room without saying anything .
Once she was secured in the room , I shut the door behind her and locked it .
She flinched as the lock engaged and I frowned even deeper at her .
Was she afraid of me suddenly ? She kept her back , turned towards me , and her eyes on the ground as I assessed her body .
She was walking normally , which meant her wolf had healed her even more since earlier .
I stepped around her until I was in front of her , and I narrowed my eyes at her .
She still refused to look at me and for a moment , if let like I was a father about to scold my daughter .
I cringed at the very thought and allowed my body to relax .
I think you should go home , I finally said , my voice losing its edge and sounding defeated … almost weak .
She finally looked up at me , her eyes wide as she studied my face , trying to find any hint of humor like I wasnt serious .
I rolled my eyes at her face and folded my arms across my chest , giving me an even more of a dad look .
I immediately unfolded my arms and clenched my fists at my sides .
What do you mean ? she asked , narrowing her eyes at me Next week is a death match , Judy .
You arent in any shape to compete , I told her .
The doctors cleared me , Im fine , she said , her brows pinching together .
Even Alpha Jeremy said I was fine to compete next week .
Ill be healed by tomorrow .
Its too dangerous , I said , my jaw clenching .
You could have died today .
Next week will be worse because they will actually be trying to kill you .
She scoffed at my words .
Thanks for the boost of confidence , she murmured .
Look , Ive been cleared , and Ive been chosen .
Thats not an opportunity Im going to pass , Alpha .
Chapter 0325 She turned away from me but before she could take a step towards the door , I stepped around her , blocking her way .
I let out a growl , my wolf threatening to take charge .
She stared at me with wide eyes until I managed to pull the reins on my wolf .
Do you want to get yourself killed ? I seethed .
Why do you even care ? She blurted .
Last week you barely even knew I existed .
Do you know how many times youve blown me off ? Ive tried to tell you about this competition for the past week and I couldnt because you were never around .
Do you have any idea how that made me feel ? I stared at her , dumbfounded .
I could feel my anger calming as I stared at her pinkening cheeks .
Her words resonated with me and washed over me like a freight train .
She wiped at her cheeks angrily as some stray tears escaped her eyes .
She was angry and now she was trying hard not to look at me as she pressed her lips into a thin line and desperately tried to keep herself from bolting out of the room .
###Take 326
Chapter 0326 You think I dont care about you ? I asked , my voice lowering to almost a whisper , slicing through the silence that started to consume us .
Her avoiding my eyes and not replying made something inside of me snap .
Before I knew it , I was pressing her against the wall , pinning her between the wall and my body , and my lips covered hers , sucking them into my mouth and licking at the seams until they parted for me .
Her body responded to me almost immiedalty and she was soon molding against me , opening herself and allowing me to deepen the kiss .
Our bodies were radiating heat as I lifted her into my arms ; her legs instinctively went around my waist , holding herself against my body .
I felt the heat of her core pressing against my abs as she ground her hips against me , begging for that release .
A breathy moan escaped her lips , and she gasped when she felt my erection through my pants , pressing into her .
I ran my lips down the nape of her neck , already missing the warmth of her lips .
She whimpered as I nipped at the soft area between her shoulder and neckline ; goosebumps trailed along her flesh as I kissed down her bare shoulders , bringing the strap of her nightgown down with me .
She pulled her arms around the strap allowing me to pull her nightgown down even more .noveldrama
Her breasts , exposed before me , were hardening as the cool air of the AC attacked them .
Her nipples pebbled before I could even get them into my mouth .
She gasped as I twirled my tongue around her nipples , teasing and tugging them with my teeth .
She ran her fingers through my hair , pulling at them as I brought her more pleasure with my mouth .
She let out another moan , bucking her hips even more as I squeezed her other breast with my hand before giving it the same mouth treatment .
Gavn … she whispered .
I need you … she gasped out .
I could smell her arousal , and it made a smirk twitch at the corner of my lips .
I brought one hand down to my pants and tugged them down slightly so my erection could fly freely .
Then I brought my hand back to her waist , holding her against the wall as I used my other hand to slide her panties to the side slightly .
In one quick motion , I was thrusting inside of her , growling and moaning at the familiar warm feeling .
Her core expanded and formed around me like a glove , melding together and sucking me even deeper inside of her .
No matter how close I was to her , I couldnt seem to get closer .
She let out a soft whimper , but her eyes showed nothing but pleasure and lust as I thrust even deeper and harder into her , allowing me to swallow me whole .
Her back banged against the wall , and I brought my lips back to her , kissing her breathlessly .
I walked with her over to the bed , keeping myself inside of her .
Laying her on the bed , I kissed down her neck , quickening my speed , watching as she squirmed and listening to the sound of my name spilling from her swollen lips .
I knew she was close to the peak when I felt her clenching around me , sucking me even deeper and her legs trembling with a primal need .
I felt myself swelling inside of her and I breathed out her name , nibbling on her earlobe and making sure she could hear every single letter in her name as I came undone inside of her , blasting my seed and coating her walls .
I felt her wetness as she joined me over the edge , her body wracked with sweat and trembling from the aftershock of our joined orgasm .
She fell into my arms , keeping us linked together as I held her .
Our breathing was in unison , and her heartbeats banged to mold into one melody , one that neither of us could understand .
After a moment , I reached up and brushed a strand of damp hair out of her face .
Her eyes were closed , but I knew she was still awake .
I kissed her forehead and turned over , still holding her , but facing my side as her face buried in my chest .
Chapter 0326 I let my words wash over her as I spoke to her ear , pressing my lips as close to her skin as possible .
You better not die .
###Take 327
Chapter 0327 Third Person POV You need to stop showing up at my house , Stella , Ethan said as he stepped off his front porch and headed .
towards his car .
Stella Airborne , a stripper that Ethan had courted and had sex with on multiple occasions , followed him , tears clear in her eyes .
You havent returned any of my calls , Ethan , she said , her hands tugging at one another , her body visibly trembling .
Theres nothing we need to talk about , he told her .
Its over between us .
Is it because of that rich woman ? Stella asked .
Im not sure what you are talking about .
Im not stupid , she said , grabbing his door handle before he could open the car door .
He paused and turned towards her , his eyes blazing with anger .
Ethan was not one to be messed with , especially by a whore .
Watch yourself .
You are forgetting your place , Ethan said through his teeth .
I saw her here you know , she said , tears spilling out of her eyes .
Ethan narrowed his eyes .
What ? That girl … the one you want .
Thats Irene Landry , right ? she asked , her tone trembling but her eyes showing a hint of darkness that Ethan had never seen before .
I saw her with you before .
Im assuming shes another one of your pieces of ass .
Shes my fiancé , he growled .
Leave her out of this .
You shouldnt have come here in the first place .
She should have never seen you .
What if I told her the truth about us- >> She couldnt even get the words out because Ethans hand was around her throat in a second .
He slammed her against his car door , and she choked out as she struggled to breathe .
She desperately tried to get him to loosen his grip , but he wouldnt .
Tears spilled out of her eyes as she pleaded with him .
Dont you ever threaten me again , he said in a low and threatening tone .
Whispering coldly in her ear , he added , You wont like whatll happen if you do .
Without another word , he threw her to the ground .
She let out a sob as she rubbed her aching throat .
Youre a monster , Ethan , she croaked , tears soaking her cheeks .
Never claimed to be otherwise , he murmured , throwing open his car door and sliding into the front seat .
The only reason why Stella appealed to him in the first place was because she looked like Judy .
She was also easy , and it didnt take much to get her into bed .
Just before he threw his car into reverse and pulled out of his driveway , she grabbed his car door handle and pulled herself to her feet .noveldrama
He thought about just driving off anyway , regardless of whether she was hanging onto his car .
But he really didnt want to get blood splatters all over the paint .
He sighed and turned to look at her , narrowing his eyes he Hissed , Let go .
Im pregnant , she blurted , making Ethans heart still .
A slow rising panic nearly consumed him , making it difficult to breathe as the world closed in around him .
Despite her words and the effect , it had on him , Ethan maintained a stoic expression .
I found out last week , and Ive been trying to reach you so can tell you , she said , wrapping her arms around her body and staring at the ground , a hint of pink coating her cheeks and nose .
Okay ? Ethan said after a long pause ; he had to remind him that she was a whore so the likelihood of the baby behind his was slim .
She was just trying to get him to feel bad and stick around .
But it wasnt going to work .
Im pregnant with your baby , Ethan , she said , her voice cracking slightly as tears ran down her flushed cheeks .
How do you know its mine ? His words were like a slap in the face , and she flinched from the force .
Because you are the only one , Ive been with … she whispered .
You werent a virgin when we fucked , Stella , Ethan growled .
Youre a stripper for crying out loud !
###Take 328
Chapter 0328 I hadnt been with anyone else in almost a year , she told him .
It was only one other guy before that … She sniffled and wiped her eyes .
Y… Youre the only one … she stammered as a sob escaped her lips .
She was too hysterical for Ethans liking , and he stared at her with disgust .
He pulled out his wallet and grabbed a few hundred dollars .
He threw it at her face , making her flinch as she watched the bills fall lazily to the ground around her .
His cold words left her speechless .
Get rid of it .
He drove off , leaving Stella speechless and brokenhearted .
Ethan drove to the Landry residence , his mind clouded as he thought about what Stella had said .
Was she really pregnant with his baby ? Well , she wouldnt be for long .
Having a baby with a stripper would ruin his plans .
He had to make sure she got rid of that baby before it jeopardized everything , he worked so hard for .
Mr.
Cash , Adam the butler , greeted as Ethan walked through the front doors of the villa .
Adam , Ethan greeted , taking off his coat and handing it to the butler .
Ethan swore Adam deepened his frown , but he recovered it quickly enough that Ethan thought maybe it was his imagination .
Miss Irene isnt here right now .
But shell be home shortly , Adam said .
Ethan nodded ; he didnt care if Irene was there or not .
In fact , it was better that she wasnt .noveldrama
He was there for one reason and one reason only .
Ill just wait in her room , Ethan said , excusing himself .
Instead of going to Irenes room , Ethan went straight to Gavin Landrys office door .
He had been here the day before and he spent time picking the lock to the office .
And then he got the computer information his inside man needed to hack Gavins computer and unlock it for Ethan .
He went through it a little bit , and when he heard Irene nearing , he had to get out of there fast .
But not before he wrote down the password to get back into Gavins computer for next time .
He was pleased to see that the office door was still unlocked from his last visit .
That means nobody found out he broke in .
Not having to pick the lock again saves him time .
Ethan logged into the computer and smiled as the screen lit to life .
Lets see what inside information you have on this computer Alpha Landry .
Meanwhile , Irene had driven to Ethans house and was staring at the woman seated on the front porch .
Her face was buried in her hands as she sobbed .
Irene got out of the car and went to her .
The girl quickly stood to her feet and looked like a deer caught in the headlights .
1/2 Chapter 0328 Please , dont go ….
Irene pleaded , reaching her hand out .
I need to speak with you .
The woman , now Irene recognized as Stella Airborne , nibbled on her lower lip , her eyes looking anywhere but Irenes face .
I … I shouldnt be here … Stella whispered hoarsely .
This isnt the first time youve been here , Irene said softly .
It wasnt a question .
Are you saying youve come here twice by mistake ? Stellas face reddened .
I … Stellas voice trailed off .
After a long pause , Irene sighed .
Would you like to get some coffee or something ? Irene asked .
Theres a coffee place nearby , and I think we should talk .
Stella was about to decline , but something about Irenes face and the look in her eyes made her submit right away , so after a long pause , she finally conceded and nodded .
She stood and went with Irene to her car , leaving her own car behind .
The drive to the local coffee shop was quiet .
It took about 10 awkward minutes .
Both Irene and Stella wanted it to be over quickly , and they counted down each minute as the drive continued .
At the coffee shop , they ordered their drinks , and Irene was adamant about paying .
Stella only got water though because she didnt think caffeine would be good for her unborn baby , though she kept her reasonings behind the water a secret .
###Take 329
Chapter 0329 Irene ordered a Chai tea .
Once they had their drinks in hand , they went to sit in one of the booths in the back of the shop .
Stella still refused to look at Irene despite them sitting across from one another .
Why do you keep visiting my fiancé ? Irene boldly asked .
Stella was amazed that she asked so openly , and she found herself looking Irene over briefly .
She was beautiful and looked nothing like Stella ; it made her wonder what Ethans type was .
Perhaps he would go for any pretty face .
As I said … it was a mistake , Stella murmured , staring down at her water bottle .noveldrama
Going to the wrong house once is a mistake , Stella said , raising her brows .
But twice ? Please dont play me for a fool .
I know something is up and Id like to know what it is , Stella .
Stellas eyes widened as she looked up .
H … how do you know my name ? Stella asked ; she didnt remember introducing herself to Irene .
Stella knew Irenes name because she was the most known she wolf around the world , being a Landry and all .
But barely anyone knew Stellas name unless they were regulars at the strip club .
I know things , Irene said taking a sip of her tea before setting the mug down .
Now , lets cut the small talk .
I would like the truth about your relationship with Ethan Cash .
Stella continued to nervously nibble on her bottom lip , her eyes darting around the room like she feared Ethan would appear at any moment .
She feared what he might do if he were to find Stella speaking with Irene like this .
Would he make good on his promise and kill Stella ? What about their baby ? Instinctively she put her hand on her belly .
Are you not feeling well ? Irene asked , narrowing her eyes at Stellas hand .
Stella dropped her hand to her side and clenched her fist .
Im fine , she murmured .
But I really should be going .
Thank you for the water .
She started to slide out of the booth , but Irene put a hand on her arm , stopping her .
I highly advise that you tell me the truth , Stella , Irene said coldly , her eyes turning icy .
Because you wont like me if I have to take it from you by force .
As you probably already know , I am a Landry , and we have our ways … Stella shivered as she stared into Irenes deadly eyes .
She was right ; Ethan might have power , but it didnt compare to Irenes power .
She could use her Lycan father and pull the information out of her by force and then discard her body without anyone even noticing she was missing She settled back into her seat afraid to move any further .
We met at the strip club , Stella began , her eyes focused on the table .
He pursued me .
I didnt know about you until I saw you together the other day .
Chapter 0329 Did you sleep together ? Irene asked , her tone indifferent like she was trying to keep the emotions out of her voice but failing slightly .
Yes .
Are you in a relationship with him ? Irene asked .
No , Stella whispered .
Irene nodded , taking another sip of her tea , trying to keep her composure .
Did he end his little arrangement with you ? Or is it still active ? Not officially , Stella answered , her eyes squeezing shut as she thought of the words to say .
returning my calls .
Ive been trying to reach out to him but He stopped Why ? Irene asked sharply .
Why are you trying to reach him ? You clearly already know that hes committed .
You said you saw us together .
Because I needed to tell him something , she whispered , her tone wavering .
Irene narrowed her eyes .
And what could be so important ? She asked .
Im pregnant … with Ethans baby .
###Take 330
Chapter 0330 Judys POV During the weekend we spent time doing training exercises Most of the time was spent in the gym and I barely had time to rest before the next weeks battles .
However , Tabby and I did spend a little time celebrating after we got our official notices that we moved on to the next round .
We also got our schedules for the upcoming week .
I was surprised that Group B doesnt start until Wednesday as opposed to Tuesday like last week .
By the time Wednesday came around , Group B , who were split into smaller teams this morning , was ready for the next match .
We didnt meet up at the arena like we did last week , instead , we were shuffled into buses and taken to the airfield where small planes sat , waiting for us .
There were three of them to be exact .
I glanced up at the sky and saw that the drones were already recording everything that was happening , so I knew the competition was starting .noveldrama
Levi , Mica , Jeremy , and Gavin were already at the airfield by the time the buses dropped us off .
Gavins eyes immediately found mine as I joined my team .
Over the weekend when we were placed in these teams , we were given team shirts .
My group was red , which meant I wore a red shirt with the rest of my team .
There was also team blue and team green .
We were given a white flag , each with our names on it .
It was said to be proof of our surrendering and we were expecting to bring them with us during this next portion of the competition.
If we forgot the flag , we wouldnt be able to compete , and wed be eliminated .
Welcome to week two of the competition , Alpha Levi announced .
We didnt have the announcer because we werent in the arena , so Alpha Levi did the introduction .
The groups cheered and high fived one another for making it to the next round while others just looked nervous , nibbling on their nails and lips .
This week is crucial .
This proves your survival instincts and your hunting skills .
These planes are going to take each team to a different section of a deserted island .
We hid 5 of your team flags in the forest on the island and you are expected to collect all 5 and bring them back to base , which is the arena outside of the resort .
You have 48 hours to complete this task .
Murmurs erupted around me .
All the questions were the same .
Was it really going to take 48 hours to collect 5 flags per team ? We werent prepared to spend multiple days on a deserted island ; they didnt tell us to pack anything so I assumed this would only take a couple hours like the other matches last week .
Tabby , who was on my team , also looked confused as she stood beside me .
Its up to you to come up with the resources you need for survival , Levi continued , narrowing his eyes .
But be careful and use strategy .
You might run into wild animals that arent friendly .
But most importantly , opposing 1/2 Chapter 0330 teams are your enemies .
Killing is not prohibited , but you may surrender if you feel you wont survive the attack .
If you surrender , you are giving the other player your white flag .
The drone will capture it , and you will be retrieved by chopper and taken back to the base .
If you surrender , you are forfeiting the competition , and you will be eliminated .
More murmurs erupted throughout the crowd , my eyes went to Gavin who was watching me , his jaw tightened , and his eyes darkening .
There are no rules to this match , but we do ask that if someone surrenders , refrain from killing them .
Youll be blindfolded so you wont see what sections of the island you land on , but you should land roughly in the same area as your teammates .
Youll need to work together to complete this mission .
Levi stepped side and allowed the other Lycans to guide each team to their designated plane .
Tabby stayed by my side as we reached the entrance of the plane .
I was the last to board ; just as I was about to step onto the steps after Tabby , I felt a hand around my wrist , stopping me .
It was a gentle hold , but it still halted my heart .
I turned to see Gavin staring down at me .
His dark eyes poured into me shining with something I couldnt decipher .
Could it be worry ? Dont be reckless , he said under his breath .
Surrender if you need to .
I narrowed my eyes at him and pulled my wrist out of his hand .
His lack of confidence was hurtful .
Im not backing down without a fight , I told him just before I turned and boarded the plane .
There was a man that greeted me once I was threw the doors .
I noticed that everyone was seated with backpacks strapped to their bodies and blindfolds around their eyes .
man smiled down at me as he strapped a backpack to my body as well , explaining how it worked .
###Take 331
Chapter 0331 I realized it wasnt just a backpack ; it was a parachute .
Were we jumping out of the plane ? The man stepped around me and blindfolded me , blocking my vision .
A sense of panic rose in my chest .
I didnt like not being able to see .
He guided me down the aisle of the plane and sat me down .
After he gave us safety instructions and confirmed that we would be jumping from the plane , I sat back and waited for the plane to take off .
Ive never jumped from a plane before , Tabby whispered from beside me .
I knew she was next to me based on her scent when I sat down .
Me neither , I admitted .
But Ive jumped from other things .
I recalled jumping from that tall tree last week during the competition and making everyone gawk at me in the sky .
Lets just try to stay alive , she murmured .
Thats the goal .
It didnt take us long to get to the point in the sky where we were expected to jump .
I heard people screaming as they jumped , each row going after the other .
Once it was my turn , I felt the sharp wind on my face as I stood at the open doorway .
It tugged me forward , wanting me to fall freely and into the vast space .
I kept my hold on the edge of the door to keep myself in the plane until the instructor told me otherwise .
I could hear the faint sounds of the other planes in different sections of the sky and the screams of those who were falling , landing at their destinations .
I tried to figure out how far they were , so I knew where we needed to avoid for as long as possible Once you land , you can take off your blindfold , the instructor yelled over the sounds of the wind and engine .
I gave him a thumbs up as a response .
He gave me a gentle shove and soon , I was flying through the air .
It was strange falling and not seeing where I was going .
I supposed that was part of the training too , being able to ? land safely on the ground without using my eyes .
Though I couldnt see anything , it was oddly freeing .
It felt like I was invincible , and I could accomplish anything at this moment .
Like nothing could touch me .
After a short while , I gave it my best judgment before I tugged the string for the parachute to expand , hoping that it didnt fail .
The second I felt it tugging me upward and my speed slowing , I let out a breath .
It expanded … jumping from a plane was not how I was going to die .
It took several minutes , but soon , I was landing in what fel like sand .
The second I landed I tore off the blindfold , untangled myself , and unstrapped the backpack , letting it fall to the Chapter 0331 ground .
I was right , I was on a mound of sand and those that were on my team were also lying around me , untangling themselves from their parachutes .noveldrama
Most of them were laughing and a couple of them were hugging the ground and thanking the Goddess for survival .
I was in between both .
Looking around , I saw that we were on a beach , but in front of us , opposite the water , was a large forest with trees that towered over , guiding the way to a giant mountain .
It was beautiful but intense looking .
There were small boats docked on the side of the beach , and I knew those were our tickets off this island , but we needed to find the flags first .
Tabby landed beside me and once she got the blindfold off , she grinned at me from ear to ear .
That was awesome , she breathed .
I chuckled .
Once the rest of the team was on the ground and we were all together , throwing off our blindfolds and backpacks , we stood in a circle , staring at one another .
We needed to come up with a game plan because if we didnt work as a team , it could be fatal .
We are here for two days , one of the men , I knew his name to be Chuck , said as he stepped in the middle of our circle .
Which means we need to find shelter and resources for our survival .
We should break off into smaller teams , a woman said , also stepping into the middle of the circle ; I knew her name to be Sherry .
Both of them were fierce fighters that I respected during our last battles .
One team can find food and water and the other can forage so we can build a campground .
And another team should start looking for the flags , Chuck continued .
Its going to be a long couple of days so we should get started right away .
###Take 332
Chapter 0332 Its been a while since I shifted into my wolf form and hunted .
My wolf might have been smaller than the rest , but her senses had always been above average .
She sniffed the forest ground , getting a whiff of the prey that was miles away .
She roamed through the trees , her small paws careful not to alert anyone of our approach .
Hearing a twig snapping nearby her head whipped around .
She heard the mewing of a deer .
She quickly hid her white fur beneath a shrub , waiting for a chance to attack .
Her breathing slowed to practically nothing and her body lowered even more , sinking beneath the dirty ground .
Just as the deer came into view and my wolf was about to lunge , another wolf , someone who wasnt on our team , came out of nowhere and sunk his teeth into the deers neck , killing it almost instantly .
The screeching of the deer broke through the silence of the island .
Anger surged through my veins and my wolf was equally pissed .
That was our prey !! I growled letting the other wolf know that I was here .
I wasnt going to let him drag that deer back to his campsite .
I had seen it first … it was mine .
The other wolf spun around , his eyes narrowed and canines dripping with blood .
He was an older wolf and much larger than mine , but size had never made me back down before , and I wasnt going to let him intimidate me .
But he will kill me if Im not careful , I had to remind myself .
With my distance from Ethan , I noticed my wolf has been much more vocal and even stronger .
She was never this wound up before and suddenly , I had to fight to keep in control of my temper .
We stared at one another for a long while , circling each other , waiting for the other to attack first .
I wasnt sure which team he belonged to , but I knew from his scent that it wasnt mine .
His eyes flashed red , and I knew he was about to attack .
He was pissed that Im trying to take the deer .
As he lunged at me , I managed to dodge the attack , whipping around and nipping at his hind legs with my canines .
He pulled out of my mouth and growled fiercely , his canines nipping at my shoulder , taking some fur in the process .
Though it hurt like a bitch , I didnt let it slow me down .
I leaped on top of his back , my canines sinking into his neck making a hissing sound come out of his wolfs mouth .
My hind claws dug into his backside , scratching their way through his flesh .
He yelped at the feeling and struggled to throw me off his back .
I sank my canines further into his neck and stabilized my hold on him .
Chapter 0332 He let out a howl , swiping at me and trying to get me to loosen my grip .
I tried to ease back a bit a bit , not wanting this wolf to be my first kill .
I could taste his blood seeping into my mouth .
The second the wolf fell to the ground , I released my hold on him , staggering backward .
My fur was painted crimson .
I stared at the wolf who was lying on the ground , his breathing heavy .
He lifted his head to look at me and I could see the fear and turmoil in his eyes .
He managed to get back to his feet , though his stance was wobbly .
For a second , I thought he would try and fight me again , I almost wished that he would so I could leave an example for the others to not mess with me .
But then , he turned and ran back into the forest , leaving me and the deer behind .
I turned towards the deer ; it was dead but not by my hands .
I won my first battle .noveldrama
I stared up at the drone that flew above my head and grinned .
I was in it to win it .
I quickly shifted back into my human form , grabbed the clothes I took off , and hid behind a tree .
Once I was fully dressed , I dragged the deer back to the campsite that some of my teammates had created .
Nice job , Judy ! Sherry said as she rushed to me and helped me drag the rest of the deer to the burning fire at the campsite .
We heard some fighting .
Was that you ? Another teammate asked , her eyes scanning me for injuries .
Yeah , another team is close by , I murmured .
We fought for this deer .
And it seems you won , Sherry said , patting me on the back .
We have a good team .
I think we have a chance at winning .
We already found one flag .
I raised my brows .
Really ? I asked .
Yeah , Tabby found it while getting water at the freshwater pond .
It was in the cave behind the waterfall .
Tabby blushed at her words ; she was soaked from head to toe and shivering as she huddled by the fire .
I just thought I saw something when I was there , she murmured .
I followed my instincts .
Great job , I praised , sitting beside her .
At , this rate , we wont need 48 hours .
Some of the other men from our team returned to the fire , in wolf form , with a few fish in their mouths .
They dropped the fish by the fire and shifted back into their human forms .
They were completely naked , which didnt seem to faze anybody .
They didnt bother putting their clothes back on .
###Take 333
Chapter 0333 Sherri and some others started to cut the meat off the deer , using some tools they created after gathering supplies from foraging .
I was surprised they were able to create handy tools so quickly .
We had only been here for a couple of hours , and we were already making some serious progress .
A howl in the distance caught our attention and I quickly stood ot my feet , staring off in the direction the birds just escaped from .
The howl sounded as if they were in distress and my heart hammered wildly against my chest .
Without waiting for anyone else , I stripped out of my clothes and shifted into my wolf .
I heard Tabby calling my name , but I was too far gone .
I was rushing into the forest , my wolvers feet pounding into the dirt and grass around me as we made our way towards the sound .
All I could think about was something being wrong and someone being in serious trouble .
When I got closer , I saw one of my teammates being surrounded by a few wolves from another team .
It was 3 on one , a completely unfair match .
I noticed my teammate had a red flag in his mouth .
He found the second flag and the other wolves were trying to take it from him .
It must have been near their campsite , I thought to myself .
Before the wolves could attack him , I lunged at them .
They were startled by my sudden arrival and for a second , I had the upper hand when I bit into the neck of the biggest one .
He yelped and immediately threw me off his back ; I landed on the ground with a thud , wincing in pain as I tried to get up .
This allowed my teammates to get away with the flag .
They were racing back to our campsite , leaving me to fight by myself .
Three wolves were now circling me and growling .
I growled at them , spinning around so I could have them all in view and none of them could attack me from behind .
But it was impossible with them circling me .
At that moment , I felt like a small pup .
One of them nipped at my hind legs , but I managed to get away from them before they could get any closer .
Another one swiped his claws in my direction , and I felt the sting of the claw marks on my wolfs face making her huff in pain .
A wolf lunged at me , knocking me off balance while another one grabbed a hold of my throat with his canines , squeezing until I was gasping for air .
One of the wolves shifted back into human form and was clutching a pointed rock , something they either made or found , holding it to my throat .
Shift , he ordered , his voice deadly .
I wanted to refuse , but my wolf was weak and relented almost right away .
I shifted back into my human form , blood seeping down my neck .
Give me your white flag and surrender , he ordered , pressing the blade to my neck .
No , I said through my blood soaked teeth .
1/2 Chapter 0333 Blood trickled down my neck as the blade cut into me .
Then I guess well just have to kill you and take it , he said through his teeth .noveldrama
A loud growl was heard from nearby and soon , I was no longer alone .
Another wolf emerged out of the forest within seconds and had the man with the blade on the ground .
The wolves canines elongated and dug into the mans throat , ripping him to shreds and killing him almost instantly .
The other wolves stood dumbfounded and confused as to what just happened .
The wolf that saved me turned on them and growled fiercely in their faces , making them stagger backward .
It all happened so fast ; I could barely comprehend it .
This wolf was huge , and she was female… I had never seen a female wolf so big before .
Her fur was jet black and gorgeous and her aura was strong stronger than any I had ever felt before .
I didnt recognize her as part of my team , which was what confused me the most .
Clearly , she was not part of their team either so I wondered if she could be the third team … maybe she wanted to kill me herself .
The other wolves didnt stick around any longer ; her aura was penetrating , and it made them back down almost instantly .
I wasnt the only one affected by her .
They took off quickly .
The wolf turned to look at me , her eyes pouring into mine .
They were oddly familiar .
I felt almost connected to her in a way … like I knew her from somewhere .
I flinched when she stepped towards me , bowing her head slightly to get a better look at my injury .
I almost forgot that my throat was bitten , and blood was trickling down my neck .
She leaned in even further , her breath bouncing off my skin .
I closed my eyes , expecting to feel her teeth sink into me , but they didnt .
Instead , I felt her warm tongue licking the wound on my neck , healing it almost instantly .
I sucked in a sharp breath as I brought my fingers to my neck , feeling for any sign of the wound but feeling nothing .
It was completely healed in a matter of seconds .
When I opened my eyes , the wolf was gone … and I was alone .
###Take 334
Chapter 0334 Judys POV When I returned to the camp , Tabby was the one who greeted me first .
Are you okay ? She asked , rushing toward me .
I wasnt sure what to say .
I was fine now , though I was a bit sore from the fight , all the wounds I had from it were completely healed .
I touched my neck , frowning at the memory .
Everything that happened felt like a dream .
The canines had sunk into my neck and the blade was digging into my flesh as well , but both wounds were completely healed , not even a scratch lingering in place .
Yeah , I breathed .
I think so … Im so sorry ! Allan , one of my teammates said as he rushed over to me .
I didnt know what else to do .
Im so sorry I ran and left you there ! Its okay .
At least you got the flag , I said , motioning for the second flag that Sherrie had stored with the first one .
Still , I shouldnt have left you there , he breathed , looking defeated .
No , you shouldnt have .
She could have died , Tabby said , folding her arms across her chest .
Allan looked defeated as he stared at the ground .
Im so sorry , he breathed again .
The food is almost ready , Sherry announced from the firepit they built .
By now , almost everyone was back .
Some were covered in blood and dirt , and others looked unscathed .
I didnt tell anyone about the random she wolf I encountered in the forest because truth be told , I wasnt even sure it was real .
I could have imagined the entire thing .
I didnt want them to think that I was crazy by telling them that a random she wolf who wasnt on our team saved me for no reason and then disappeared .
We ate fish and deer that were roasted over an open fire .
It was oddly delicious despite it not having any seasoning and the food combination not matching .
It appeased my wolf at least .
Some of us should get some rest and the others should start hunting for more flags tonight , Chuck announced .
Im not sure who made him the group leader , but nobody seemed to be arguing with him .
I think most didnt want the responsibility to be a leader and were happy that Chuck took the reins .
He seemed as if he knew what was doing so who were we to argue with him ? Ill go , I said without thinking , making everyone turn to me .
I hadnt had a chance to hunt for a flag yet , I added .
I also wanted to see if I could find that black wolf again and see if she was okay .
Mostly so I could confirm that she was real and not my imagination .
Ill go too , Tabby suggested .
Im not sure I can sleep much right now anyway .
Chuck nodded .
Chapter 0334 Sherry and I will keep watch over the flags that weve already captured , and the rest should get some sleep .
I think a couple hours for sleep should be enough and then we can switch around the jobs .
We all nodded in agreement .
With our tasks at hand , Tabby and I left the campsite and went into the dark forest .
We didnt bother shifting into wolf forms .noveldrama
So , are you going to tell me what happened out there ? Tabby asked after we were far enough away from the campsite .
What do you mean ? I asked innocently , avoiding her eyes Allan told me there were three wolves that attacked him and then they turned on you after he got away .
Did you fight them all ? Did they get away ? Did they surrender ? She hammered question after question , and I should have known I couldnt keep this a secret from her .
One of them died and the others got away , I said softly .
That explains why I heard a chopper in the distance , she murmured .
Did you kill him ? I shook my head , nibbling on my lower lip .
Her eyes widened .
Was it someone else on our team that saved you ? She asked , turning to face me .
Im not sure , I admitted .
Someone saved me , but she didnt smell like a teammate .
It was another she wolf ? She asked .
I nodded .
She had black fur and her wolf was huge … bigger than an average she wolf .
Im not entirely sure who she was .
But Im determined to find out .
You dont know who she was ? She asked .
She didnt shift back after rescuing you ? No , but get this … she healed me by licking the wounds on my neck , I showed her my neck ; there wasnt even a scratch on it .
###Take 335
Chapter 0335 I was still in disbelief over it .
Wait what  She asked , dumbfounded .
She healed you and she wasnt part of our team ? She healed me by licking the wound , I emphasized .
It was so strange .
And then she just disappeared .
You dont know where she went  Tabby gasped .
No , I admitted .
But I would like to find out .
We searched the forest for a long while , searching for the flag and sedulously keeping our eyes out for the black wolf .
The sun had long set , and it was dark but thanks to our wolf eyes , we were still able to see during the night as if it were daytime , even in our human forms .
Maybe we should get a better view , Tabby suggested , glancing up at the tree .
Youre a good climber .
I nodded in agreement .
Give me a boost up , I told her as I held onto the lowest branch of the tree .
She grabbed my feet , and I was able to use her to get a higher stance and climb fully onto the branch .
It was stable enough that I was able to stand on it without any issues .
Once I was on the branch , I was able to hoist myself up onto others and climb along the side of the tree while Tabby stared at me in awe .
She expressed that she wasnt a good climber herself , and our time in the arena was just from adrenaline .noveldrama
I continued my way up until I reached the top ; I had never been afraid of heights , so this wasnt a big deal for me .
From the top of the tree , I was able to see almost everything , even the other campsites of the other players .
They werent able to see me , but I could see them .
It seems that they were doing what we were doing as well , taking shifts .
Some were staying by their campsite , keeping an eye on their captured flags , while others were sleeping .
I scanned the area , my eyes trailing along the forest grounds .
I spotted some other wolves from the different .
teams roaming around , hunting and waiting .
They werent hear us yet , but at least I knew which direction to avoid right now .
Out of all the wolves and humans I could see from this height , I didnt see the black wolf that saved me , and I wondered if she was one of the others in human form .
I tried to get a good look at their faces , trying to figure out if any of them looked familiar .
Im sure Id be able to see it in her eyes .
Why would she bother saving me if she was from another team ? Do you see anything ? Tabby asked from the bottom .
I remained quiet , not wanting to give up my location because if I shouted back at her , the others would be able to spot me without question .
My eyes continued to scan the area , and I saw some other animals that roamed the forest grounds , such as bears and even more deer .
I saw something in the far distance , and I narrowed my eyes .
Was that a cave ? If I were to hide a flag anywhere , it would be in that cave without a doubt .
I started to climb down from the tree , scratching myself on the way .
I hissed in pain as I felt blood trickling down
my leg , my pants ripping in the process .
When I landed on the ground , harder than I normally had , Tabby rushed to me .
Are you okay ? She asked .
I nodded and glanced at the wound on my leg .
Just a scratch , I murmured .
Theres a cave up ahead .
Theres probably a flag in there .
She nodded and together we started towards the direction of the cave .
It took us about 30 minutes to reach the entrance ; it was covered with rocks , leaves , and bushes , so we had to work together to make a clearing to get through .
You think they would really hide something in here ? She asked , glancing around at her surroundings .
Without a doubt , I murmured .
I glanced up into the sky and saw that one of the many drones was following us .
With the drone above us , I knew that Gavin had his eyes on me .
I gave the drone a pointed look just as we cleared the rest of the shrubbery away from the opening ; at least it was enough to wiggle our way through .
I dont like this , Tabby murmured .
I feel like we are walking into a trap .
We dont have a choice , I told her and without another word , I slipped into the dark cave .
###Take 336
Chapter 0336
Third Person POV
In the viewing room , the Lycans and the judges watched as the competitors fought for survival .
Gavin stared at the screen , his eyes on Judy as she fought with the other wolves , nearly losing her life in the process .
It was taking everything he had not to fly to that island and get her out of there , but he knew he couldnt , or else the entire world would find suspicion in his actions .
His fists kept clenching and unclenching every time she was in a situation that proved to be dangerous .
Now she was entering a cave , and the drones werent able to follow her in it .
He was losing sight of her , and it was driving him mad .
Meanwhile , Alpha Levi also watched the screen ; his eyes darting between Judy and Gavins reaction towards her , a smile tugging at the corner of his lips .
He could tell from Gavins body language that he wasnt pleased with what he was seeing on the screen .
His phone went off , alerting him to an incoming email .
He grabbed his phone and swiped along the screen , bringing up the email .noveldrama
Ethan had successfully gotten him inside information about the Landry corporation .
Investments that Gavin had made , deals with shareholders , and something else that piqued Levis interest .
Money is being transferred to a secure and unknown account .
Levi raised his gaze to stare at the back of Gavins head .
What was he sending money to a secure account for ? And why so secretive about it ? He closed out his emails and sent a text to his subordinate along with a screenshot of the money transfer .
Levi : Find out where this is going and report back to me ASAP .
He shoved his phone back into his pocket without waiting for our reply and then he opened a mindlink .
How is going there ? He asked through the link .
So far so good .
I already saved her once , the familiar voice sounded in his head .
Shes going into a cave .
Should I follow her ? Just make sure she doesnt die .
I need her for my future plans and if she dies thatll drive a wedge in my plans , he replied .
Will do .
As long as Im here , shell remain alive .
Without another word , the mindlink ended and Levi sat back in his seat , his eyes glued to the screen , waiting to see what happened next : Meanwhile , back at the Silver Crescent pack , Irene met up with Stella for the second time in the past week .
She had yet to confront Ethan about what she had discovered .
She now knew that Ethan wasnt who she thought he was .
He was sick in the brain , telling Stella to get rid of a baby and throwing cash at his face .
Throwing her away like she was nothing even though he spent the last few weeks leading her on .
Who knows how many other women Ethan had ? She felt sick to her stomach at the very thought of it .
She advocated for him , and he let her down in the worst way possible .
He wasnt her fated mate , but her wolf still reacted the same , retreating deep in her mind and being swallowed whole by the misery that was bestowed upon her .
Ethan had broken her heart and now she was after revenge , she wanted to know what it was he was truly after because clearly , he was with her for a reason .
Maybe it was because her father was Gavin Landry and all he really wanted was to be the Alpha of the Redmoon pack .
She wished that Judy was around so she could talk to her … she wanted to know what else Judy knew because Irene wasnt stupid ; she knew that Judy knew more than what she let on .
But she also felt bad for taking her anger and frustrations out on Judy .
The things she had done ….
Her father would never forgive her if he knew .
Stella was waiting at the coffee shop when Irene arrived .
The first thing she noticed was how pale her face was, the second thing was the dark circles under her eyes .
It was clear Stella had barely slept since the last time they spoke .
Irene hadnt really slept either .
Ethan had tried to have sex with her only once this past week and Ierne shut him down , claiming she wasnt in the mood .
She didnt even want him sleeping in her bed , so he went home to sleep and barely spoke to her these last few days .
Typically , she would have spent time on wedding planning , but she couldnt bring herself to do so .
She stared down at the ring on her finger … she knew she would have to take it off soon , but something in her heart refused to let go of the one man she loved with all her heart .
It was going to be a difficult pill to swallow , but she knew there wouldnt be a wedding .
Thank you for meeting with me again , Irene said , taking a seat in front of Stella in the same booth they sat in last time .
This time , neither of them ordered anything .
Irene assumed that Stella also couldnt stomach anything as well .
Stella nodded , her eyes clouded and fixed on the table in front of her .
###Take 337
She wished that Judy was around so she could talk to her … she wanted to know what else Judy knew because Irene wasnt stupid ; she knew that Judy knew more than what she let on .
But she also felt bad for taking her anger and frustrations out on Judy .
The things she had done ….
Her father would never forgive her if he knew .
Stella was waiting at the coffee shop when Irene arrived .
The first thing she noticed was how pale her face was, the second thing was the dark circles under her eyes .
It was clear Stella had barely slept since the last time they spoke .
Irene hadnt really slept either .
Ethan had tried to have sex with her only once this past week and Ierne shut him down , claiming she wasnt in the mood .
She didnt even want him sleeping in her bed , so he went home to sleep and barely spoke to her these last few days .
Typically , she would have spent time on wedding planning , but she couldnt bring herself to do so .
She stared down at the ring on her finger … she knew she would have to take it off soon , but something in her heart refused to let go of the one man she loved with all her heart .
It was going to be a difficult pill to swallow , but she knew there wouldnt be a wedding .
Thank you for meeting with me again , Irene said , taking a seat in front of Stella in the same booth they sat in last time .
This time , neither of them ordered anything .
Irene assumed that Stella also couldnt stomach anything as well .
Stella nodded , her eyes clouded and fixed on the table in front of her .
Chapter 0337 Chapter 0337 Something told me I didnt have a choice , she said softly .
You managed to find my apartment .
It scared me .
Stella didnt give Irene her phone number the last time the met ; actually , Irene had one of her men track and find Stella on their own time .
It didnt take them long to find the rundown apartment that she lived in within the Redmoon pack .
Irene was disgusted when she saw the pictures her men sent her of the apartment .
That was no place to raise a baby .
She had her men give Stella a note , requesting that she met with her at the same coffee shop with a date and a time .
A part of her didnt think that Stella would show up , but she was pleased that she did .
Im sorry I had to track you down like that , Irene told her She shrugged one shoulder .
I thought it was Ethan who hired them to find me at first .
After I told you everything that happened , I assumed you went to him and now hes after me , she whispered , tears filling her eyes .
Her bottom lip trembled .
Irene could see that she was afraid .
It made her stomach clench ; Ethan must have threatened her , which made Stella even more afraid of him .
Im not going to hurt you , she told Stella , her voice calmer than she felt .
Im sorry that my fiancé had hurt you and scared you .
I hadnt told him about our talks yet .
He doesnt know that I know anything .
Stella sniffled and nodded .
She reached into her purse and pulled out a piece of paper .
She unfolded it and slid it across the table .
Irenes breath got caught in her throat .
This is my baby , she whispered softly .
It was Stellas first ultrasound .
She hadnt got the abortion like Ethan wanted and , in a way , Irene was relieved by that .
She didnt want this innocent baby to lose its life because of Ethans carelessness .
But at the same time , what kind of life could that baby have ? Living in hiding within the Redmoon pack in that rundown apartment building ? It wasnt safe for either of them , which made this meeting necessary .
How far along are you ? Irene asked , staring at the picture .
A month , she whispered .
I hadnt been with anyone else in almost a year .
Its definitely his , but once Im further along , I can take a paternity test to know for sure .
Irene shook her head .
I believe you .
Its not necessary , she said softly .
Stella blinked away the tears and looked up at her .
Really ? She asked .
Chapter 0337 Irene nodded and reached her hand out to hold onto Stellas Im sorry this is happening to you .
I wish there was something I could say to make things better .
Ethan was wrong for this , and he shouldnt have threatened you .
More tears spilled out of Stellas eyes ; Irene wanted to cry too , but she kept a strong composure .
It isnt your fault .
You were kind .
Far kinder than I would have been .
Im sorry I ran from you at first , she whispered .
Irene shook her head , not wanting her to feel bad .
None of this was her fault and she wouldnt allow her to blame herself .
It was Ethans fault .
She was determined to make things right , for this girl , for Judy , and for herself .
They were all victims of Ethan , and it ended with Irene .
Irene pulled her hands away and reached into her purse .
She pulled out a thick envelope and slid it across the table towards Stella .
Stellas brows knitted together .
What is this ? She asked , grabbing the envelope .
Open it , Irene said simply .
Stella carefully opened the envelope , and her breath hitched .noveldrama
It was a huge wad of cash ; there had to be thousands of dollars in cash if not a million .
W … what is this ? she asked , glancing up at Irenes serious face .
Its money , Irene answered , raising her right brow .
Its for you .
But … why ? Stella asked , releasing the money as if it had burned her .
It fell to the table .
Im not getting an abortion .
I made up my mind already .
She put her hands on her belly protectively .
I want to keep him or her .
They are my baby and- Its not for an abortion , Irene told her , cutting her off .
She held up her hand to keep her from saying anything more .
Its so you can raise your baby without worry .
Its enough money to get you out of here .
You can leave this pack and go to another .
You can find a decent place to live and raise your baby without worry .
Ethan will never find you .
Stellas eyes grew wide.
What ? Stella whispered after a beat of silence .
Irene reached over and grabbed her hands again , looking deep into her eyes as she spoke her next words slowly and carefully .
Leave Redmoon … get as far away from here as possible and raise your baby , Stella .
Im giving you an out .
Take it .
And with those words left in the air , Irene shouldered her purse , stood to her feet , and walked away without looking back .
###Take 338
Chapter 0338 Do you really think theyd hide a flag in a cave that could hardly be seen ? Tabby asked as we made our way through the dark cave .
The drone that was above our heads had gone off to find someone they could actually keep an eye on , refusing to follow us into the cave .
Now that I was thinking about it , it was probably a bad sign .
But I ignored that feeling and continued on my way .
Honestly , yes , I said , glancing over my shoulder at her .
She was staying by the caves entrance , a nervous look in her eyes .
There could be dangerous animals in here , she said , nibbling on her lower lip .
Since when are you afraid of a wild animal ? I asked teasingly .
She was typically braver than that ..
She pressed her lips in a line and followed me through a cave .
For humans , it would be impossible to see as we walked through the cave .
But we were shifters , so it was a lot easier .
My heart started to pound heavily against my chest as we continued making our way through the cave .
It was damp , and there were rocks we had to get over , but for the most part , we managed to reach the middle of the cave without too many issues .
Both Tabby and I seemed comfortable climbing over the rocks ; we were both fairly effortless in our movements .
A low growl emerged from deeper in the cave , making us freeze entirely .
With a racing heart , I slowly turned , and then I saw yellow beady eyes staring back at me , sharp teeth elongated as the growl continued through the darkness .
Is that a wolf ? Tabby asked , stepping back , ready to shift if needed .noveldrama
No , I said , swallowing the lump in my throat .
The longer I stared at it , the more familiar it started to get , but I knew for certain that it wasnt a wolf .
This was an actual wild animal , and if we werent careful , we could be its lunch .
It wasnt until it lunged towards us that I knew for sure what it was , Holy shit ! Tabby gasped , quickly dodging the attack , falling to the ground in the process .
Yeah , its a black bear , I warned her , my suspicions confirmed .
And we just stepped into its territory .
I should have known there would be a bear somewhere in this cave ; I was dumb to think it would be unoccupied .
The bear lunged at us again and , this time managed to claw a part of my arm , making me wince as I staggered backward .
I felt blood trickle down my shoulder , but I ignored it , keeping my attention on the bear in front of me .
Judy , look , Tabby said , pointing to the bear .
Around its neck .
I followed her finger , and my breathing hitched .
Around its neck was one of our flags .
How did they get it around a black bears neck? I asked , both terrified and impressed .
They truly went all out .
The bear lunged at me before I could fully process it .
My wolf didnt like the fact that we were being attacked , and I wasnt doing anything about it .
She was itching to 1/2 Chapter 0338 be released and lunged towards the bear herself .
She had always been like that , despite her being smaller than average , she was fierce and enjoyed a good fight .
She hated being challenged and was destined to make a name for herself .
I had to hold her back for a moment , though , because there was no way I was going to shift without taking off my clothes first .
These were the only pairs of clothing I had on this island , considering we werent properly warned before coming here .
I needed these clothes to at least last me until tomorrow evening when I can get off this island .
The bear growled loudly , its breath hot as it got into my face .
I let out a warning growl myself , but it wasnt as fierce in my human form .
Just as it lunged at me again , I managed to jump over it and land somewhere near Tabby , who was gathering some rocks she found in the cave , ready to throw them at the bear .
Whats the plan ? She asked as she armed herself , her eyes flashing dangerously .
We need to get the flag , I told her lamely , not really having much else to say about the matter .
cant No , shit Sherlock , she said , rolling her eyes .
I meant , how are we going to get the flag ? ust grab it .
How did they even get it around its neck ? I counter asked .
If we figured out how they got it around its neck in the first place, maybe we can reverse- uno .
Maybe they drugged it ? She suggested .
The roaring sound of the bear halted our conversation as I tried to think about what to do .
Distract it while I strip , I told her as I shuffled out of my shoes .
Her eyes grew wide .
How do I distract a black bear ? She asked , her mouth agape .
I dont know , think of something , I told her just as the bear lunged again .
Throw rocks at it ! It seemed the bear was attacking me personally , completely dismissing Tabby .
Her distraction could prove to be useful .
She growled at the bear , getting its attention .
Instead of lunging at me , it started to lunge at her .
She was pretty well off , though .
She was a capable fighter and managed to circle it , avoiding getting hurt .
She used rocks to avert its attention and keep its eyes off me .
###Take 339
Chapter 0339 At that moment , I thanked the heavens for not sending me into this cave alone .
Thank Goddess Tabby had come with me .
Once I was ready , I shifted into my wolf form and lunged at the bear .
Yes , my wolf was much smaller than the bear, but she was fierce , and she wouldnt back down from a fight .
She also had very sharp claws , and her teeth did major damage when she bit .
Tabby backed away as I took over the fight , lunging at the bear and attaching myself to its back until it went down completely .
The bear growled and tried to swipe at me again , but it was too slow for my fast movements , and I bit into its neck , ripping it apart .
Blood pooled into my mouth , and I should have been disgusted , but I didnt .
I felt a strange sense of victory and a lot of pride .
Tabby watched in awe as I singlehandedly took down the bear .
Her eyes were wide as she kept her hands clutching the remaining rocks she held .
Once the bear was officially on the ground and struggling against me , Tabby took the initiative to retrieve the flag from around its neck , dropping the remaining rocks on the ground .
She also grabbed my clothes and started towards the entrance of the cave , not wanting to waste another moment .
I took her lead , and as soon as the bear was down , I chased after her , leaving the cave before the bear had a chance to wake up .
My fur was covered in the bears blood , but I knew it was still alive .
It would soon wake up and live life as if this had never happened .
I didnt kill it ; I only knocked it out .
Once we were out of the cave , I quickly shifted back into my human form and grabbed my clothes from her .
Even my human skin was covered in blood .
She fell over in a fit of laughter , tears in her eyes .
Holy shit ! That was insane .
Wait until we tell everybody what had happened , she laughed .
I couldnt help but smile , too , now that the adrenaline was starting to wear off , my heart rate had settled .
As if on cue , the drone returned and captured us with the flag .
I smiled at the camera , showing off the flag so everybody watching knew what we had just done .
The flag had some blood on it , too , from the bear .
Thats a really bad scratch , Tabby pointed out , glancing at my arm .
Itll heal , I told her , not worried about it ; shifters healed f Yeah , but you should clean it up anyway , she told me .
I nodded as we headed back to the campsite .
What happened to you two ? Sherry asked , rushing towards us .
When she saw the flag , her eyes lit up .
found a flag ? You Yeah , in a cave , I told her , Around a bears neck , Tabby continued .
You should have seen Judy .
It was incredible .
She fought a black bear in her wolf form .
Really ? Sherrys eyes lit up .
When she saw the scratch on my arm , her eyes widened .
Lets get you cleaned up .noveldrama
We sat around the open fire , and Sherry , along with a few others on the team , helped clean and bandage my 1/2 +25 BO Chapter 0339 wound .
We rested for the rest of the evening .
I didnt think I would be able to sleep , especially because we were on the ground , and it wasnt exactly the most comfortable situation , but I eventually got some sleep and didnt wake up until Chucks morning wake up call .
Okay , guys , we have two more flags to find , and we have to find them by the end of today .
We need to get back to base tonight , Chuck said as we sleepily gathered around the fire , bright and early .
The sun was barely awake yet , and some of the ones who did night watch hadnt gone to bed yet .
A couple of us should do some hunting so we can have food later , and well need more water as well .
Ive made a pin on certain areas we havent checked it .
They are closer to other competitors , though , so we need to be careful .
I have a feeling there will be a lot of fighting today , so we shouldnt travel around alone .
We all nodded in agreement , some looking more nervous than others .
Judy, because you and Tabby fought a black bear yesterday you both can rest for today and watch over the flags we got , Chuck continued , making me frown .
Id rather search for the flags , I told him .
I dont want to stay here and do nothing .
This is a team assignment , he reminded me .
We work as a team ; every layer is important .
We need those flags watched .
You did your part yesterday , and you did great .
Im not trying to take that away from you .
But the rest of us have this now .
We only have two flags to find .
Now that we are nearing the end , they are going to try and take our flags from us so we cant finish the competition , Sherry told me .
Your job is pretty crucial today .
Can we depend on you ? I glanced at Tabby, who only gave me a short shrug , and then I sighed .
Yes , of course you can , I assured them .
Well be here .
With a smile , everybody dispersed , leaving Tabby and me alone to watch over the flags .
###Take 340
Chapter 0340 Third Person POV Back in the arena , the competition streaming of the island was being played on a large screen .
Today was day two of the island competition , and Nan had gone bright and early to watch .
She didnt like sleeping in the hotel suite by herself last night ; she felt alone and clouded with thoughts .
But she knew this was important to Judy ; this was the reason she was here , and Nan would support her 100 % of the way .
The arena was crowded as everybody wanted to watch the competitors on the big screen , the island being captured by drones .
Nan decided to go to the arena by herself , needing a break from Tyler and the girls .
Spending time with him has been exhausting , and hes giving her strange vibes lately .
Hes been moody and showing signs of violent tendencies .
She stared down at the bruise on her first from the other day when she told him she needed space .
She tried to walk away , but he grabbed her hard and told her not to walk away from him .
It scared her , she had to admit .
She saw violence and anger in his eyes , and it made her shudder .
It made her fear walking away from him .
She counted the days until she could leave this country and return home .
Despite everything , home sounded really nice right now .
Her mind kept wandering back to Chester … her mate .
The one who didnt want her , the one she ran away from home because .
Her heart ached .
She wondered what he was doing and who he was doing it with .
Because they werent bonded , she couldnt feel it when he was intimate with other women .noveldrama
But she wondered if it was still sleeping with that maid or maybe Becca from the boutique .
Nan was certain there were others ; he was the kind of guy who slept around without a care in the world .
She didnt think a mate would stop that .
Did he even know she wasnt in the country ? Her heart ached even more at the thought , and she swallowed down a sob .
Hey , girl , Mac said , sitting down beside her , a frown marring her lips .
Where have you been ? Tyler is upset .
Hes looking for you .
Nans face grew pale ; the thought of Tyler upset did not sit right with her .
She rubbed the bruise on her wrist , remembering the last time he was upset .
Mac didnt seem to notice , though , and watched the big screen thoughtfully , leaning back in her seat .
Ive been here .
I just needed some space , Nan admitted .
Kelsey is trying to calm him , Mac said , rolling her eyes .
Hes overly dramatic sometimes .
Where is he ? Nan asked , looking around , trying to get a glimpse of him .
Right outside the arena , she answered .
Nan nodded and stood ; there was no use in Tyler causing a scene because of her .
She wouldnt let them embarrass her like that .
She truly needed to cut ties with him and end this once and for all .
She started towards the entrance , her head held high as she struggled to keep her nerves under control .
She could hear the yelling before she even reached the doorway , and her heart dropped into her stomach .
1/2 Chapter 0340 You are acting irrational , Tyler , Kelsey said , folding her arms across her chest .
What is wrong with you ? I dont like being lied to , Tyler said through his teeth .
Nobody is lying to you , Kelsey assured him .
Why do you think otherwise ? She told me she would be in her room , and she wasnt , Tyler growled .
Thats literally the definition of lying .
Well , her plans must have changed , Kelsey said , narrowing her eyes .
Why does it even matter ? He opened his mouth to respond , but then his eyes flickered to Nan , who was standing by the arched doorway , his eyes darkening almost immediately .
Nans heart was in her throat ; how did she end up in this position in only a week ? Well , its been a little over a week since she met Tyler , but still , it wasnt supposed to end up this way .
He was only supposed to be a distraction .
Some late night fun while Judy was busy .
But he turned out to be a monster , and it terrified her .
Kelsey turned and saw Nan , her eyes shining with sympathy .
Hes all yours , Kelsey said , sighing .
Maybe you can calm him and talk some sense into him ? She walked past Nan and walked through the arched door , going to find Mac , leaving Nan and Tyler alone .
There were still a few people around , but for the most part , most were in the arena watching the live stream .
However , Tyler wanted to be alone with her , so without even breaking the ice , he grabbed a hold of her wrist and yanked her along with him .
It was the same wrist he had grabbed before , the already bruised spot aching from his grip , making her wince .
Come with me , he demanded , his tone rough .
Nans heart pounded in her chest , but she didnt argue .
It was best if they spoke alone anyway .
Her wolf stirred inside of her like she was getting ready to shift for some unknown reason , but Nan pushed her down , trying to soothe her and herself at the same time .
It was probably just anxiety and the fact that Tyler was dragging her away like some dog .
###Take 341
Chapter 0341 Tyler remained quiet as he continued to tighten his hold around Nans aching wrist as he pulled her through the main section of the resort .
They started to pass the check in / out section when Nans senses were practically on fire , and her wolf nearly surged forward .
She had to forcefully pull her back .
Judy Montague , a voice said from the front desk .
Can you just call her , please ? As I said , sir .
If shes in the competition , she isnt here right now .
You are more than welcome to go to the arena around the corner and root for her and her team , though .
They return tonight .
But I cant give you her room information without her direct permission .
We have a policy .
Cant you just- His voice started to fade as Nan was dragged outside .
Nans brows furrowed as her wolf fought against her hold , wanting to get back to the main section of the resort , but with Tylers hold on her and his anger growing with each step they took , Nans attention was shifted .
He brought her over to a secluded section , where he finally released her wrist .
She noticed a new bright bruise on her wrist , and she rubbed the tender spot , avoiding his eyes .
Where were you this morning ? He asked without hesitation , his eyes narrowed , burning her under his scrutiny .
At the arena , she replied , glancing up at him with a frown .
You didnt call me to tell me you were going anywhere .
I came by looking for you this morning , he told her , his lips turned down in a deep frown .
I wasnt aware you were my keeper , Nan shot back boldly ; she knew she shouldnt provoke him , but she needed to cut ties with him once and for all .
Look , Tyler , I didnt sign up for this .
You were only supposed to be a fun distraction , not this controlling- ) ) Before Nan could utter a single word , she felt the sharp sting of Tylers hand across her face .
He had struck her so hard that her head whipped to the side .
She was seeing stars , and her eyes were wide in shock .
In the week she had known him , he might have been cruel to her on occasions , and he put bruises on her wrist from grabbing her , but he hadnt hit her yet .
His eyes were red with fury .
Dont you dare speak to me like that again , he said through his teeth .
You know your place .
I have chosen you … I plan to put my mark on you and claim you as mine .
You arent getting away from me , Nan .
Not now , not ever .
W ….
what ? Nan gasped , her hand touching her bruised and tender cheek , her fingers trembling .
She fought back the tears that threatened to spill from her eyes .
You heard me .
The second I saw you , I knew you were mine , Nan .
I wont accept anything less .
He grabbed hold of her arm again and yanked her against him , his lips coming down onto hers in a bruising kiss that left her feeling sick in the stomach .
You have the wrong idea , she said against him , trying to get away from him .
Im not looking for a mate .
Only a distraction .
His eyes flashed dangerously , making her shudder .
She attempted to pull away from him , but his hold on her tightened , making her squirm uncomfortably .
V2 Chapter 0341 You have no idea the kind of things I am capable of , he threatened .
Dont fucking test me again .
Did you really think I was going to let you go ? Nan was terrified ; she wasnt Judy , she wasnt a fighter .
She was a waitress and an aspiring chef … she wasnt someone who could stand up for herself that easily .
T … Tyler , she stammered , not sure what she wanted to say to defuse the situation .
But the dangerous look in his eyes kept her silent .
Lets go , he said through his teeth .
Where ? She asked , tripping after him as he pulled her .
Back to my place so I can properly mark you , he growled over his shoulder .
The color drained from her face , and she struggled even more against him , not wanting to leave the resort with him .
She no longer trusted him , and she thought about screaming , but there wasnt anyone around who would hear her .
Most were either doing resort activities or at the arena .
Let me go ! She demanded , swatting at his hand .
He was much faster , though , and another devastating slap landed on her cheek ; this time , she tasted blood .
From there , everything happened so fast .noveldrama
Before she could fully comprehend what had happened , Tyler was forced to release her just as someone lunged straight at him .
###Take 342
Chapter 0342 Third Person POV Nan staggers backward , ignoring the sting on her cheek and the blood in her mouth .
She watched as Chester landed blow after blow in Tylers face , making him barely recognizable .
Nans wolf whimpered at the sight of their mate and his clear anger .
Wait … Chester  What was he doing here ?! Chesters hands were red and blistered from the force he was using to destroy Tylers face .
For a moment , Tyler did try and fight him , but Chester was much bigger and stronger .
Nan was so frozen that she couldnt comprehend what was happening.
It was Macs scream that brought Nans attention back to reality .
Tyler ! Mac cried , rushing towards them , Kelsey hot on her trail with equal panic .
Let my cousin animal !! igo , 1 you Mac tried to get Chester off Tyler , Chester was the kind of guy who would never put a woman in danger , so the second Mac was near him , he paused his rampage on Tylers face .
Youre going to kill him , Mac cried .
Who the hell are you ? Kelsey glared at Nan , her eyes almost deadly and accusatory Do you know him ? Why arent you saying anything Nans eyes never left Chester ; she was frozen and beyond confused .
She was in a different country , so how was it possible that Chester just happened to show up here out of the blue ? Chester was breathing deep , his rage palpable .
Get this fucker out of here before I kill him , he said through his teeth , his eyes on Macs pale face .
She could feel that he had Alpha blood boiling through him and she knew better than to argue with an Alpha , even if he wasnt an Alpha to any pack directly .
Chester released his hold on Tyler , who was broken and whimpering , barely able to see out of his eyes .
Are you just going to stand there ? Kelsey asked , her eyes remaining on Nan , who remained frozen .
Tyler is your boyfriend ! Chester growled furiously at her , the ground shaking under the force , drawing Kelseys attention to him .
I suggest you leave immediately , he said through his teeth , trying desperately to real in his anger .
Kelsey shot Nan one last look before Mac grabbed her arm .
Help me get my cousin out of here , she pleaded .
Kelsey pressed her lips together .
You arent the same girl I thought you were .
Stay away from us , she barked , grabbing hold of Tylers other arm and helping Mac get him away from Nan and Chester .
Chapter 0342 Tylers blood remained on the ground , and Chester was red in the face with fury , his body rigid as he watched them go .
Nan knew he was fighting against his wolf , who wanted to take control and finish Tyler off .
She wasnt sure why , though ; wasnt Chester sleeping and having relationships with other women ? So , why did he care about what Tyler did to her? What was he even doing here ? But Nan couldnt voice those questions ; she remained frozen , staring at Chester like she was looking at a ghost .noveldrama
He finally started to calm his wolf enough to relax his body bit , and he turned to look at Nan for the first time since he arrived .
His eyes narrowed when he saw her swollen cheek and the blood on her lip .
His wolf nearly surged forward again ; anger flashed in his eyes .
His eyes trailed down her body , noticing the bruise around her wrist , and a low and deadly growl left his lips .
I should have killed him , he said through his teeth , his tone trembling as he fought , once again , for control .
Nan continued to stare at him , her mind whirling .
What are you doing here ? She finally asked him , her voice coming out almost hollow as she thought of any possibility of why he would be here .
Because youre here , he told her , standing fully to his feet , his height making him tower over her .
really think I wouldnt follow you ? Did you You were the guy in the lobby just now ? Nan asked , her eyes staring up at him , remembering the guy in the lobby who was arguing with the front desk clerk , asking for Judys room number .
His cheeks flushed at her words .
Y … you heard that ? He asked , his eyes narrowed .
She nodded and glanced at the ground .
Tyler was dragging me out here to talk , she murmured , embarrassed .
Yeah , we are going to address that later , Chester said , his tone low and deadly as Tyler was brought back up , But for now , lets get you cleaned up .
His eyes scanned her face , the blood on her lip , the bruise on her cheek and wrists .
His eyes darkened at the sight .
She nibbled on her lower lip and nodded as she guided him away .
After walking through the resort and suffering an awkward ride in the elevator , they finally reached the suite .
Chester put his suitcase down ; it wasnt a big bag , but big enough to indicate that he wasnt planning on leaving any time soon .
This is a strange suite , he pointed out .
Nan nodded .
Yeah , its like a studio apartment , she said , glancing at their beds .
Theres a kitchen , a living room area , and a large bathroom .
Is it cool if I crash on the couch ? He asked .
###Take 343
Chapter 0343 Nan nodded ; he did come all this way , after all .
It was only right that he was allowed to sleep on the couch .
It pulls out , she told him .
He seemed to have relaxed .
He soon cleared his throat and turned to her .
First aid kit ? He asked as he headed towards the bathroom .
Its behind the door , she said softly , sitting on her bed .
Chester returned a moment later with the first aid kit in hand .
He grabbed what he needed and sat beside her .
His eyes were dark with anger as he cleaned up her lip and applied a cream on her swollen cheek .
The silence stretched on , making Nan uncomfortable .
She tried to avoid looking into his eyes , but he was so close to her that it couldnt have been helped .
Who was that guy ? he finally asked after what felt like an eternity of silence .
A distraction , she whispered without hesitation .
But he went crazy .
He didnt reply right away ; he allowed her words to sink in fully before he nodded slowly .
Did you sleep with him ? Nans eyes snapped back to his .
Why does it matter ? She asked .
Because youre my mate- Youve slept with any woman that walks by you ! Nan practically shouted .
So again , I ask … why does it matter who I sleep with ? A low growl escaped his lips at her words .
He knew he was wrong for being upset because she was right .
He wasnt a big fan of monogamy , and he made that quite clear to anyone and everyone , including his mate .
He dates women , leads them on , sleeps with them , and never calls them back .
Harper was the only one he truly spent more than one night with .
Now he had a mate , and things were confusing for everyone involved .
He spent the past week trying to convince Harper to let him go , but she doesnt seem willing to do so .
He had a moment of weakness one of the nights last week and slept with her , telling himself that it would only be one more time .
It seemed to have set Harper off , though , and shes adamant about keeping him in her life romantically because shes in love with him … her words .
Chester made it clear he couldnt be with her after he woke up the next morning riddled with guilt .
His wolf was miserable without Nan .
Judy told him where they were going to be before they left , and he went straight there .
The only issue was he didnt have Judys room number , so he had to ask the front desk clerk .
But they refused to give him the information without Judys permission .
His wolf picked up on the danger with his mate right away and knew she was in the area , so after his argument with the front desk clerk , he let his wolf guide him to where Nan was .
He saw Tyler raise his hands to her , and then he saw fucking red .
He couldnt control himself anymore until he realized others were now there and attempting to stop him .
10 Chapter 0343 He couldnt bring himself to fight them , too , because they were women , and he was against hurting women .
He had no choice but to calm down and let Tyler go … but if he had it his way , Tyler wouldnt be alive right now .
Why would Nan choose to spend time with him ? The dude was a jerk .
I slept with Harper after you left , Chester found himself saying bluntly , making Nans attention snap to his face .
She hated that she felt hurt by what he had said .
She blinked back tears as she stared up at him .
It was only once , and I felt guilty about it .
I booked a flight here , and a few days later , I was on the plane , he continued , his voice casual as he put the supplies back into the first aid kit .
Why are you telling me this ? She asked him softly .
He shrugged .noveldrama
Youre my mate , whether we like it or not .
Stuff like that shouldnt be kept a secret if we want to make this work .
She blinked at him , confused .
And do you want to make it work ? She asked him .
There was a beat of silence , and when he didnt answer , she let herself let out a breath that she had been holding .
I didnt sleep with Tyler , she whispered .
He tried , but I denied him .
We had gone on dates and did other things , though .
His jaw clenched at the image of her doing other things and going on dates with Tyler , but he nodded slowly , keeping himself under control .
When he didnt say anything else , she took a deep breath and decided to ask him the question that shed been wondering since the day she found out she was his mate .
Are you going to reject me ? His eyes flashed to her ; truth be told , he had thought about it on many occasions .
But now that she was asking this question and sitting right in front of him with her big , pretty eyes and her innocent expression , he was even more conflicted .
And all he could muster was a whispered , I dont know .
###Take 344
Chapter I hate sitting here like a waiting duck ; it was only Tabby and me while everyone else went to search for more flags .
Tabby was staring out at the ocean , watching the waves jolting the canoes we needed to take to get off this island .
There were three in total for our team , just enough to get back to base .
Weve been sitting here for a few hours ; the sun beaming down on us , making our jobs incredibly hot and difficult .
I felt the sun burning into my flesh and I knew Id have sunburn by the time I left this place .
I hated having such fair skin .
Sighing , I lay back on the sand , staring up at the blue skies ; there were some clouds in the sky , but not enough to provide us with some shade .
When do you think well get to go back ? Tabby asks , pulling her attention from the ocean to look at me .
I opened my mouth to answer , but the ruffling on a bush turned my attention to the wooded area .
I quickly sat up ; my eyes narrowed as I stared off into the forest .
Tabby was also standing at attention , her eyes narrowed , and her breathing halted to almost nothing There was somebody here and they didnt smell like a teammate .
Neither of us spoke , we stared and listened for any signs of movement .
And then it happened again ; this time , I was on my feet .
My heartbeat was rapid with both worry and excitement .
Perhaps this wasnt a boring job after all ; maybe Sherry was right , and the other teams would try to get our flags .
Soon , multiple different competitors were emerging from the forest , their eyes narrowed and determination crossing their faces as they stared at us .
One of them , the largest one , looked around for a moment , and then a smirk spread across his lips when he spotted us .
They left two of the smallest girls on their team to watch over their flags ? He laughed , making the others chuckle as well .
One of the guys who I had fought with before had gone completely pale at the sight of me and I provided him with a not so innocent smirk He opened his mouth to say something to the others , but then he clamped his lips shut .
He ended up disappearing without any of his teammates noticing .
He was smart to leave because he knew exactly what I was capable of .
The others though , not so much .
They had only seen me passing ; too consumed with their own fights to notice me .
I never got the chance to combat with them .
Which was fine because they were about to learn today .
Itll be easy to get their flags , just like it was easy to get the other teams flags , he laughed , making the others chuckle darkly as they started to close in around us , Wha were they thinking ? At least the other team had a fait chance .
They had a couple of really strong waters and some more keeping a further watch .
I dont see anyone else from their team for miles , another said , shaking his head with a laugh .
Surrender now , give us your flags .
Neither of you have to get hurt , A woman said , folding her arms across her chest .
She was tall and slender , but she had muscles .
Her hair was styled short , and she had warrior markings on her face , making her look almost exotic , I hadnt encountered her yet , but I could tell she was probably a capable fighter .
I only stared at her , silently daring her to come at me .
I folded my arms across my chest , raising my brows .
I looked at Tabby who was equally amused , but trying hard to show it on her face .
Or well be forced to take it by force , she added calmly , glancing between the two of us , noticing that neither of us was moving .
If they want a fight , we can give them a fight , the first guy said with a smirk , preparing his stance .
It wont take long to take them down and then we get their flags and get off this island .
As soon as the rest of our team returns with our flags we can leave , the girl said , rolling her eyes .
Which they should , soon enough .
The rest nodded in agreement .
Hey , whered Marco go ? One of the guys asked with a frown , noticing the guy who recognized me had left .
 They looked around , equally perplexed , but not enough to go look for him .
He left his teammates to suffer ; though we worked in teams , we were also covering our own asses , so I really couldnt blame him .
Maybe he went to search the perimeter , the girl said , shrugging .
We dont need him for this anyways , so its fine .
They all chuckled .
Yeah , this will be quick , the first guy said , stepping towards me , his eyes flashing dangerously as he glared at me .
Should have surrendered when you had the chance .
The others only watched as he lunged at me , attempting to grab me , but I was way faster and before he could reach me , I was already behind him .
He frowned , not even seeing me move .
When he whipped around to look at me , it was too late , I had him on the ground in only a second .
It was easier because he wasnt expecting it , so it wasnt much of a fight .
But once he got his head out of his ass and realized that I was actually fighting him and had the upper hand , his mind went into survival mode , and he immediately started to fight back .noveldrama
###Take 345
Chapter 0345 But his attempts were futile ; I still had the upper hand .
After their initial shock wore off , the others lunged at me as well , trying to get me off their supposed leader .
With the help of Tabby , we were able to get them all on the ground , gasping for breath and begging for us to stop .
Surrender , Tabby said , her eyes dark with fury .
And maybe well let you live , she added with a smirk .
We … we surrender , the girl said , her body quivering .
Tabby managed to break her arm , so she wasnt going to be much of a fight if she did choose to continue fighting .
We collected their white flags , as a show of surrender and we let them wander off to wait for the chopper to collect them .
Not before long , the rest of our teammates were returning , they were chanting and cheering because they got the rest of the flags , but when they saw the scene in front of them , their excitement was palpable .
They surrendered , Tabby announced , holding up the white flags .
Way to go ! Chuck cheered .
I knew you were the right ones for this job .
Did they seriously try and fight you ? What idiots .
This made the rest of the team laugh .
My team at least knew what I was capable of and knew not to mess with me .
Lets get the hell off this island .
I need a hot bath , Sherry complained as she gathered the rest of the flags and headed towards a canoe .
The rest of us nodded in agreement .
We cleaned up the campsite and then started toward the canoes .
I had never been in a canoe before , and I was a bit nervous .
But it couldnt be much worse than jumping out of a plane blindfolded .
The waves were fierce , so we had to crash through them , water filling the bottom of the boat with each splash .
There were only a couple of paddles in each boat so the strongest and more experienced were the ones who rowed , while the rest of us tried to navigate using the sky .
A couple of drones also followed us on our path while the other stayed with the other competitors on the island .
It took us several hours and a few times we got a bit turned around , but eventually , we found our way and the resort dock came into view .
Relief flooded me .
As we brought our canoes to the dock and were helped by those who worked at the resort , I noticed we were the only team who was back already .
Did that mean we had won ? There were cheers as we ran through the crowds of people and rushed to the arena .
The second our feet landed on the base , I fell to the ground , exhaustion taking over my every bone .
Chuck was the one who presented all 5 flags , while Tabby presented the white flags of those we were forged to surrender .
Everybody in the arena cheered ; I had never seen such chaos before , but it was pretty much mayhem .
My eyes scanned the arena ; it was completely full , and I was surprised to see the glant monitors set up where they were all watching us .
My cheeks were on fire as I stared at the screen ; highlights of our time on the island this last day and a half were being played , and my face was front and center for most of .
They didnt miss much of anything except when Chapter 0345 Tabby and I fought the bear in the cave ; the drone didnt follow us there , but it captured us leaving the cave drenched in blood .
A lot of people cringed , but Chuck thought it was awesome and gave us a high five after the highlight was finished ; I blushed at the attention .
out his Tabby laughed when her face came into view , not as embarrassed , just finding it funny .
Chuck puffed out chest when his scenes were played .
You did great , Sherry said , stepping beside me , and putting a hand on my shoulder .noveldrama
Great job .
Youll be a great warrior one day , Judy .
I smiled at her , grateful for her words .
Thanks , I replied.
If it comes down to it , I will still kick your ass in the finals next week , she teased .
Make no mistake .
Count on it , I replied with a smirk .
We were soon announced as the winners of this weeks Group B competition and the stadium went absolutely nuts .
But my eyes wandered around to the one person I was hoping to see and when my eyes finally landed on him , my breath hitched .
Who was that woman he was talking to ?
###Take 346
Chapter 0346 Gavins POV Alpha Gavin ….
? I heard a voice from behind me as I was heading to the arena .
I paused when Megan , a woman I had once had a fling with , walked towards me , Megan was tall and slender with long blonde hair and ocean blue eyes .
She always wore elegant clothing , which made sense because her father was filthy rich , considering he owned this resort .
She worked mostly as a model and traveled around a lot .
I used to have a lot of business in this region and stayed at this resort in the past before , which was how I met her .
The last time I was here was over 5 years ago , and I broke it off with her before I left .
Her eyes poured into mine as she walked towards me , tucking a long strand of blonde hair behind her ear , and her naturally plump and rosy lips pressed into a thin line .
When I heard you were here , I had to come to see for myself , she said , folding her arms across her chest .
Ive been here for over a week , I told her , raising my brows , I was surprised she was just now hearing about my arrival .
I just got back from a work trip myself , she said , following me towards the arena .
When I heard the competition had started , I came back early .
I knew youd be here with the other Lycans .
I nodded , my eyes fixed on the crowd that was rushing in to greet the winners .
Word had gotten around fast that a team was already on their way back .
They still had several hours before the competition ended , so returning early was a good sign .
Do you think we can talk for a minute ? Megan asked , grabbing hold of my arm , trying to stop me before I entered through the overly crowded arched doorway that led to the arena .
I looked at her hold on my arm and then back at her , my eyes narrowed.
Theres not much for us to say to one another , Megan , I told her , pulling my arm out of her grasp .
We ended things several years ago .
Her checks flushed , and she nibbled on her lower lip .
You might not have anything to say , but I have plenty to say , she murmured .
Things Ive been wanting to say since you dumped me .
Dump her ? It was a fling , and she knew this .
Ignoring her , I turned and went into the arena , finding my seat with the other Lycans .
There was no way I was dealing with that mess right now .
Mica was the first to greet me with a head nod , and then Jeremy greeted me with a short wave .
Per usual , Levi was in his own world , speaking to his Beta about something privately , both engrossed in their conversation and not paying attention to anyone else .
I still hated being in the same territory as that asshole .noveldrama
He had been after my business for years because its the most successful in the world .
Unfortunately for him , my business is concrete , and all his attempts at a takeover have been prevented.
Chapter 0346 I felt a hand on the back of my shoulder , and I tensed , already knowing who it belonged to .
Please , lets just talk , Megan whispered .
Before I could say anything , like tell her to go away , cheering ; erupted around me .
I knew what it meant ; a team had returned .
Just as they walked in , the highlights started to play on the big screen of the team that was returning I didnt know I was holding my breath until I saw the team that won … blue team .
Thats Judys team .
Soon , the teammates were being shown , and I saw Judys smiling face on the big screen .
The team was already walking into the arena , Judy falling to her knees out of exhaustion .
My heart lurched , and 1 had to fight the urge to go to her and make sure she was okay .
She had a bandage on her arm that I knew was most likely from the bear she fought yesterday .
I wanted to look beneath the bandage to make sure it was healing properly , but then internally scolded myself .
###Take 347
Chapter 0347 Judy was not mine to care for or protect , so I wasnt sure why a scratch bothered me so much .noveldrama
Looks like we have our winners , Megan whispered from behind me .
Any of them from your pack ? My eyes remained fixed on Judy .
I didnt want to engage in a conversation with Megan ; I mainly just wanted to get her off my back .
Figured if I played nice , itll get rid of her sooner rather than later .
Yes , I said , pointing to Judy , though she really wasnt officially part of the Silver Crescent pack , I still considered her pack .
She was the only one in the surrounding packs that qualified for this competition .
She was part of my region … she was my wolf .
Shes a fighter , I murmured as I watched her highlights on the big screen .
Ive always been a fighter , too , Megan purred .
Remember we used to spar each other when you were here ? Just because Im a model doesnt mean I cant kick your butt .
That was the past , I told her blandly .
It was meant to be forgotten .
How can I forget something that means so much to me , Gavin , Megan said , touching my shoulder and leaning In close enough that I could feel her breath on the nape of my neck as she spoke .
We were really good together .
All those late nights … We were never a couple .
Thats not how it felt for me , she said , nibbling on her lower lip .
I fell for you , Gavin .
I wanted to be yours , but then you left me without a real reason why .
13 Because I wasnt in the market for a monogamous relationship , I said through my teeth .
You knew this when we began .
H I thought you would change your mind , she complained I didnt .
How about now ? Are things any different ? Are you in the market for a relationship ? She asked quickly , desperation clear in her tone .
My eyes flickered to Judy , she was in the middle of talking to some of her teammates .
She wore a workout bra and high waisted , skintight , black yoga pants that hugged her form perfectly .
She had sweat coating her small and shapely form , her hair tied into a messy pony .
My eyes lingered for a bit too long because I barely noticed Megan getting closer .
Im not hearing a no … she whispered , misinterpreting my silence .
A flare of anger rushed through me ; her nearness no longer did it for me … in fact , it only seemed to anger my wolf .
Mega , listen carefully because Im only going to say this once .
I was never interested in making our sexual relationship anything more than what it was .
You were nothing but a means for quick release after or before long work hours .
Whatever you think you are going to gain by trying to seduce me isnt going to work out in your favor .
I am not , nor will I ever be , yours .
My tone was cold , and I knew she could see the ice in my eyes .
She moved back , gaining distance from me , sensing how serious I was .
I turned away from her , my eyes finding Judy again , only this time , she was watching me .
I could hear Megan leaving , sniffling , but I didnt actually turn to make sure she left .
What was that about ? Mica asked , eyes following Megans retreating form .
Wasnt that the owners Chapter 0347 daughter ? Mm .
My eyes remained fixed on Judy , who was turning her attention back and forth between me and her teammates .
I didnt know you two knew each other , Mica said , still focused on Megan ; he blew out a whistle approvingly as his e eyes stayed glued on her .
The second I saw Judy and her teammates start heading towards the gym , I stood .
If youll excuse me , I murmured without sparing him a glance .
He barely even noticed me leaving , he was too busy eye fucking Megan .
I followed the group into the gym area , and just as Judy was about to go into the womens locker room behind the female competitors , I grabbed her arm and pulled her along with me .
###Take 348
Chapter 0348 Her breath hitched , and her eyes grew wide as I pulled her into a dark corner , secluded from the eyes of everyone .
around us .
Gavin , she breathed as I pressed her against the wall .
What are you- ? She started to say , but I didnt give her a chance before my lips were pressed against hers .
The kiss was long and deep , as if I had been starved of her .
1 practically had been for two days .
Two fucking days I went without tasting her sweet and plump lips .
Two fucking days since , I felt her curvy yet small figure pressing against mine .
Two fucking days since heard her breathy moans when I kissed or fucked her .
She put her hand on my chest after a while and gave me a gentle shove .
Her lips were swollen and still parted as she fought to catch her breath .
Whats gotten into you ? She asked , her eyes narrowing at me , but I could see the smile threatening the corner of her lips .
I stepped away from her .noveldrama
My room before you watch I duties this evening , I said , my tone low and leaving no room for arguments .
With that said , I turned and walked away , knowing she was staring after me .
Judys POV He had some serious nerves , kissing me like that and then demanding I go to his room before my watch duty tonight .
Truth be told , I completely forgot about the watch duties tonight .
I needed to look at my schedule to find out exactly what time it was at At least once during this competition , the recruits had to partake in watch duty .
We would be going off in a small group with one of the Lycans or an elder gamma , and we would watch over a certain chosen section , protecting it from any threat .
Tonight happened to be my night .
I was still lost in thought , dazed by that incredible kiss , stuck wondering what it meant , and thinking about my watch duty this evening that I didnt even notice Sammy approaching .
Hey , Judy , she said , jolting me out of my head .
Great job out there .
I was watching in the arena .
Oh , thank you , I told her .
Did your boyfriend compete as well ? She nodded .
Yeah , he left on Sunday and got back Tuesday .
His team gor second place , she replied , shrugging .
I could tell by the look on her face that her boyfriend didnt take too well to coming in second .
I couldnt blame him .
Were you talking to someone a minute ago ? She suddenly asked , staring off in the direction I was just looking in .
I thought I heard another volce when I approached .
But dont see anyone .
My cheeks flushed .
Gavin Landry , I told her , hating how my face was betraying my feelings right now .
He was just congratulating Chacter 034 I could tell from her face that she knew there was more to it , but she didnt press .
Have you seen Nan around ? I asked before she could ask any follow up questions , I thought shed meet me here , but I hadnt seen her .
Last I saw her , she was arguing with her boyfriend .
I frowned .
Boyfriend ? Sammy nodded .
Yeah , that guy shes been hanging out with .
Tyler , I think his name is .
He looked furious earlier .
I saw them yelling outside of the arena .
He pretty much dragged her through the resort .
My entire body went frigid from her words as panic consumed me .
Where the hell did he bring her 
###Take 349
Chapter 0349 Chapter 0349 Third Person POV Irene sat in the parlor at the villa , her hands trembling as her thumb was hard at work , scrolling through the many pictures she and Ethan had taken together this past year .
All her hopes and dreams for the future were gone now that she knew Ethan wasnt being truthful.
All the lies and manipulation … what was it even for ? To get close to her father ? Sitting beside her on the couch were photos of Ethan and various other women .
Alex did some more digging and found out that Stella wasnt the only woman Ethan had been with .
Hes been with multiple women in a span of months … all of them resembling Judy in one way or another Alex had someone following him these last couple of days and managed to get some photos for Irene , and she was gutted by the evidence .
The worst part was … she had no one to talk to about this .
She pushed away the only true friend she had .
She regretted everything she had done to Judy , and she hoped she could make things right .
She wrapped her arms around her body , trying to hold herself together to keep from sobbing too heavily .
Approaching footsteps jolted her mind back to the present moment .
Just as Ethan walked through the parlor archway , Irene put her phone down and grabbed the photos Alex had given her .
The first thing she noticed was that Ethan looked tired .
She scoffed , knowing exactly why he was tired .
The evidence was in her hands .
His eyes found Irene almost immediately , and he paused , seeing the anger in her eyes .
What is it ? He asked , stepping towards her .
Did something happen ? Her bottom lip trembled ; she hated that she was about to fall apart in front of him .
Irene stood up , picture evidence firmly in her hands as she turned to face him fully , her eyes brimming with tears and all the emotions shed been holding back .
Though she looked like a gutted young woman , her tone held the power of one born with Lycan blood and had a deadly edge to it .
How long ? She asked .
Ethan frowned .
Babe , what are you talking about? He asked , his tone exasperated and annoyed ; he sounded as tired as he looked .
Irene threw the photos at his face , making him flinch .
As he watched the photos fall to the ground , his face visibly paled once realization dawned on him .
She knew .
I can explain those , he said , his voice coming out controlled , like he wasnt about to lose his mind , though his eyes said something entirely different .
How long have you been cheating on me , Ethan  She spat .
He stared at the photos , at a loss for words .
His silence made a hysterical laughter bubble out of her .
Irene- he started to say , but she didnt give him the chance to spread more lies for her ears to hear .
Chapter 0349 Did you ever love me ? She asked .
Or was it all a lie so you could get close to my father ? He stared at her ; it was clear to her that he was trying hard to keep his face indifferent , though his eyes were like a window to the turmoil he felt .
He remained locked away , reserved .
It was driving her crazy ; she wanted some kind of reaction towards him , but he had shut himself down , shielding her from his true emotions .
She clenched her fists at her sides , her nails digging into the palms of her hands .
She could feel the blood trickling down her forearm as she fought the urge to lunge at him .
All the things you said about Judy … she said through her teeth Were they the truth ? Or did you lie to me , Ethan ? Was anything you said true  Once again , he remained silent .
It was all the answer she needed ; he had told her that Judy was the cheater and the aggressor and that he had left Judy because of her infidelity .
He told Irene that Judy was unstable and trying to win him back .
He painted her as the villain , but now shes realizing that none of it was true .
Ethan lied to her , and because of it , she lost a really good friend .
Irene felt sick to her stomach , even being in the same room as him .
45 Holy shit … she whispered , more to herself than to him , as more realization dawned on her , the puzzles working themselves out .
I was the other woman , wasnt I ? He finally pulled his gaze from the pictures to meet her eyes .
I did what I had to do , he said , his tone becoming almost harsh .noveldrama
Irene wasnt used to hearing that kind of tone from him , and she flinched almost immediately despite her own fury .
Was any of it true ? She asked again , needing an answer so she could finally put this toxic relationship behind her .
It wasnt personal , he murmured .
But I had to do what I had to do to get ahead .
To get ahead  She asked , her voice coming out louder .
So , this was all about my father ? You dont need to blow this out of proportion , Irene … He started to say , but he was unable to finish his sentence because she swung and punched his face .
###Take 350
Chapter 0350 It was a good punch , too , enough for his nose to take a bit of damage and blood to trickle out .
Though Irene looked small and dainty like a princess , she was Gavin Landrys daughter .
Of course , he had her train at a young age for a bit of combat and self defense .
She wasnt completely helpless , and when she wanted to , she could be a force to be reckoned with .
Ethan saw stars for a moment before his vision came back .
When he stared back at Irenes angered face , all he felt was pure rage ; his wolf did not like being threatened and wouldnt tolerate the disrespect .
Without warning , he let out a low and deadly growl , gripping Irene by the throat and shoving her against the wall with so much force a few pictures fell off the wall and fell to the ground , cracking one of the frames .
Dont you ever touch me like that again ! He seethed through his teeth , his eyes flashing dangerously as his wolf fought to take control .
You have no idea what I am capable of .
He squeezed her throat so hard it cut off her air .
She struggled against his hold , trying to get him to release her so she could get a breath of air .
Her eyes were large as she stared back into his eyes ; she tried to glimpse the Ethan she once knew and fell in love with , but it was clear he had long checked out .
Maybe he was never there to begin with .
I dont need you or your father anymore , Irene .
Which means I dont give a fuck about what happens to you ! He growled .
Now that he had Levi in his corner , he didnt need anything from Gavin Landry .
I can make your life a living hell if you ever think about laying your hands on me again , do I make myself clear ?! His grip on her throat tightened , making it impossible for her to speak .
She dangled in the air , trying desperately to grasp a breath of air ; she attempted to nod , praying that he received his answer .
Thankfully , he did , and he released her , dropping her to the ground with a thud .
She coughed and rubbed her aching throat , knowing he had left his handprints on her throat from how tightly he was grabbing her .
They would heal soon enough , but still … the pure thought of Ethan hurting her so badly that it left a mark on her shattered her soul .
Her body trembled as she gasped for air , desperate to fill her lungs .noveldrama
Ethan stepped towards her , bending down to her so she could hear every word he was about to speak .
Dont test me .
Try that shit again , and I wont stop .
Ill make sure my face is the last one you see , he threatened before standing to his full height ; he started towards the parlor entrance .
Youre a monster , Irene whispered her voice nothing more than a croak .
Tears stung their eyes as she watched his retreating form .
At first , she didnt know if he could hear her because of how soft her voice was .
But just before he reached the archway , he paused and glanced over his shoulder at her , his eyes cold and almost calculating , I never claimed to be otherwise , sweetheart .
You saw what you wanted to see .
You were easy to manipulate .
You should have listened to Judy , he murmured .
Ive been trying to get her to agree to be my mistress this entire time .
She keeps refusing because , apparently , you deserved better .
You threw away the only true friend you had .
If anyones at fault , its you for your stupidity .
With those words in the air , Ethan turned and left the villa Chapter 0350 Irene let out a sob as she crumbled on the ground ; Ethan was right , she did throw away the only friend she ever truly had .
Her entire body was racked with trembles as she cried on the floor in the parlor .
She pressed her knees to her chest and buried her face in her lap .
She was unable to stop herself from sobbing to her hearts content .
Her entire world crashed around her in seconds .
She wasnt sure how long she spent in the parlor .
Seconds turned to minutes , and minutes turned to hours .
Once she started to snap herself out of her stupor , she grabbed her phone and called the one person she could think of .
The only one she could truly count on .
Daddy ….
She whispered into the phone once it connected her tone sounded broken , and Gavin was immediately on alert .
Irene , whats going on ? He asked with a sense of urgency in his tone .
I need you , she whispered , her tone quivering .
Something really bad happened … I dont want to be alone .
A sob broke through her lips before she could stop it , and Gavins heart plummeted .
Ill book a flight for you and your brother tonight , he said without hesitation ; his kids will always come first , no matter what .
Ill pick you up from the airport .
###Take 351
Chapter 0351 Judys POV Sammy and I went through the front foyer of the resort , where she saw Tyler dragging Nan .
My heart was pounding against my rib cage at the thought of something happening to her .
I never trusted Tyler , and I should have tried harder to get her to cut ties with him , but I stupidly didnt listen to my intuition .
My sense of urgency to get to my best friend was real .
The sun hadnt set yet , so at least there was enough daylight where it would be easy to spot them .
I just hoped it wasnt too late when we got there .
That stupid bitch , I heard a familiar voice saying as soon as we got outside .
I glanced at Sammy , and we both had identical frowns marring our faces .
We looked around , trying to find the source of the voice .
I cant believe she had the audacity to leave you .
And look at your face , another familiar voice said .
We should seriously sue them for this .
Just forget it , a male voice growled , anger evident in his tone .noveldrama
I wont let either of them get away with this .
I think I knew those voices well , and if I was right , then Ill find out where Nan is .
When I rounded the corner , I paused when I saw Mac , Kelsey , and Tyler .
Tyler was badly beaten to the point where I barely recognized him .
Though it was evident that his wolf was healing him as they spoke .
Kelsey was still applying bandages and cream to his face , though , while Mac paced back and forth , furious .
Mac was actually the one who saw me first , and her eyes narrowed , a deadly look in them .
Are you here to finish the job ? She spat .
Hadnt my cousin gone through enough ? Not sure , I shot back , my eyes locked on Tylers swollen gaze .
Has he ? I wasnt sure what he did , but something in me was saying he deserved it .
Your bitch of a friend got someone to beat the shit out of him , Kelsey hissed , her eyes red with fury , much like Macs eyes .
Whos going to pay for his medical expenses ? We should seriously sue .
My friend ? I asked , letting out a breath .
Are you talking about Nan ? Who else ? Kelsey growled .
My heart fell into my stomach ; something happened with Nan .
What did he do to her ? I asked , my tone growing deep and with a hint of deadliness in it .
Nothing , Tyler spat , clearly lying .
I let out a growl , my wolf surging forward , which she rarely did .
If I find out youre lying and something happened to her , ll come back and finish the job , I hissed .
Before they could say anything more , I stormed away with Sammy right behind me .
That was awesome , Sammy whispered , her eyes wide as she glanced over her shoulder at the three simmering assholes .
So , do you have any idea where Nan could be ? Chapter 0351 No , I said , my body shaking with pent up anger .
But Ill find out .
I glanced at my watch on my wrist and cursed .
I only had a couple of hours until my watch duties tonight .
I should have spent this time resting because it was an overnight shift , but instead , I was walking around aimlessly , looking for my missing best friend .
Did you really think I wouldnt find you ? A light hearted tone asked , filling the silent space as I started to walk towards a garden area .
Part of me hoped that you would … Another voice , I knew immediately to be Nans , replied .
I furrowed my brows .
Who was she talking to ? Im sorry things got so messy , the man murmured .
I probably should have talked to you more .
But I guess now is a good time to talk .
It was a good idea to come to the garden ; its nice here .
Better than the stuffy hotel suite , Nan said softly .
I inched closer , trying to get a read on the guys voice .
I motioned for Sammy to keep quiet , and she nodded , also intrigued .
It wasnt stuffy , but fresh air was a good idea .
The conversation got heavy , and I was having trouble breathing .
Nan let out a breathy laugh but swallowed it almost immediately .
Yeah , she breathed .
I was also having trouble breathing .
The small talk was awkward and didnt come easily to them .
Im assuming that the man was the one who beat Tyler till he barely looked like himself .
I wondered what could have provoked that , but then I heard the guy laugh lightly as he said , In a way , Im glad I ran into you when I did for two reasons .
One , that guy was a jerk, and who knows what he would have done if I hadnt shown up … and two , I wasnt sure where I was going to stay if I didnt find either you or Judy .
Wait … I said loud enough to interrupt their conversation just as Nan let out another soft laugh .
Sammy looked at me with wide eyes as I marched around the corner , my hands on my hips .
Chester  Chester and Nan sat on the crystal fountain in the middle of the resort garden , their eyes wide when they saw me .
Chester had Nans hand in his , and he was playing with her fingers absentmindedly .
I hadnt spoken to Chester since we arrived last week ; though I didnt think he would , I was almost hoping he would appear and try to get Nan back .
###Take 352
Chapter 0352 What are you doing here ? I asked , staring between him and Nan .
Nan had a slight blush on her cheeks , and I had to fight to keep from smiling .
What do you think Im doing here ? He asked , raising his brows .
You gave me an address ; did you think I wouldnt use it ? You couldnt wait until we returned ? I asked , folding my arms across my chest .
I approved of him being here , but at the same time , I knew Nan came here to escape him and get some space .
I tried to gauge her reaction , but she was hard to read .
No , he said , his eyes meeting mine .
It couldnt wait .
I stared at him for a long time , seeing the sincerity in his eyes , before turning to Nan .
Can we talk ? I asked her ; she lifted her gaze to meet mine and then nodded ; a flicker of relief went through her eyes , and I knew she was grateful for the distraction .
I told Sammy Id be back before I grabbed Nan by the hand and pulled her along with me to a private area , away from wandering ears .
The second we were alone , I turned to face her .
After a beat of silence , I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her into a tight hug , one I knew she needed desperately .
She waited no time , hugging me back , her shoulders shaking as she cried .
I cant tell whats happening , Nan .
Are you happy or sad ? I dont know , she admitted .
Im terrified .
Im not sure why hes even here .
He saw Tyler put his hands on me , and then he lost it … nearly killed him .
I brought him to the suite so I could clean up , and we started talking .noveldrama
I asked him if he wanted to reject me , and he straight up said he doesnt know .
My eyes grew wide as a wave of anger washed through me .
How could he say such a thing to her ? I pulled away from her but kept my hands on her arms ; tears were spilling out of her eyes .
Oh , Nan , I whispered , not sure what more to say .
She sniffled and wiped the tears off her cheeks with the back of her hand .
After that , the conversation kind of got awkward , and we were both having trouble breathing .
I found this garden the other day , and I thought it would be a nice place to continue this conversation .
So , here we are … making awkward small talk and not discussing the real problems .
Thats pretty much when you arrived .
Im so sorry , I whispered , my heart breaking for my best friend .
I was going to kill Chester for doing this to her .
He might have been my friend , but right now , he was the guy who was destroying my best friend , and I wasnt okay with that .
He also felt the need to tell me that he slept with Harper before coming here , she added , rolling her misty eyes .
He what ? I asked , my mouth agape .
Theres no way he had that much audacity ; seriously , what was wrong with him ? She nodded , giving a pathetic excuse of a laugh as she shook her head like she was trying to shake away the tears .
At least hes honest , I tried to make a poor attempt at a light hearted joke .
Yeah , I guess , she sighed But still … I nodded , understanding what she was saying and where she was coming from .
There was a long stretch of silence Chapter 0352 where we were both lost in thought for a moment .
Can I ask you something ? She suddenly asked .
Of course , you can ask me anything .
If I do reject him , or he rejects me ….
do you think I would ever find love again ? She suddenly asked .
Or would it always hurt like this ? Because it really fucking hurts right now , and he didnt even reject me yet .
I nibbled on my lips and stared at the ground .
I knew she was truly asking me because I had gone through a rejection , although mine was different .
Itll be easier for you because he didnt mark you yet , I told her .
In my case with Ethan , I had been marked by him for 2 years .
Then , he cheated on me and left me for another woman .
It was devasting for my wolf , and because I was marked , I could feel it every time he was intimate with her or anyone .
It was painful , and my wolf went away for a while .
Shes back now and stronger than ever , though however , whenever Im around him , it still hurts her .
I dont know if thatll ever go away , but when Im not around him , its like he doesnt exist to either of us .
I dont know if that helps you or anything , but you arent marked , so it shouldnt be as difficult .
As for finding love again ….
Yes , I think its possible to love someone who isnt a mate .
She pondered my words for a long while , nodding and sighing in response .
And then she asked another question , one I wasnt really expecting .
Do you believe in second chance mates ?
###Take 353
Chapter 0353 Judys Pov I stared at Nan dumbfounded for a long moment .
Like a second fated mate ? I asked her .
She nodded and met my eyes .
Yes , like a second fated mate .
Do you think I could have another fated mate if I reject this one … or if he rejects me ? She asked , nibbling on her lip .
I always only saw myself with a mate and now Im not sure if this is the right one for me .
Im not sure if I should bother waiting for a second , or if its pointless .
I hadnt thought much about second chance mates , though have heard of some instances where it happened .
Ive heard it takes a while for a wolf to recognize a second chance mate and if shes marked by another , even after rejection , her wolf wont feel any other mate at all until that mark is gone .
In Nans case , she wasnt marked , so her wolf would recognize her second chance mate sooner rather than later .
It was a rarity to even get a second chance mate at all .
The Moon Goddess would have to think of you as a special blessing or something .
I believe in them , I admitted .
But they are a rarity .
I wouldnt count on receiving one .
She nodded ; her eyes clouded for a moment .
I knew she was conflicted about what to do and I couldnt blame her .
I wished I could make this decision for her , but the only one who could decide on what to do was Chester and Nan .
They just needed to actually talk to each other and Chester needed to get his head out of his ass .
Im scared , Judy .
I dont know what to do , she admitted softly .
I wrapped my arms around her , pulling her close .
And you have plenty of time to figure it out, Nan , I assured her .
Just take your time .
But if I may say , Chester isnt a bad guy .
Give him a chance to prove that to you .
Just talk to him .
She sniffled , wiping the remainder of her tears on the back of her hand , and then forced a smile at me .
Enough about my pathetic love life , she said , draping her arms through mine .
Tell me about the competition .
Im sorry I wasnt at the arena when you arrived .
How did it go Youre a few hours early so Im assuming it went well ? We won this round , I told her with a grin .
What  I knew you could do it ! Thats incredible .
I chuckled at her response .
Yup , I told her .
I even fought a black bear .
Yeah , I totally heard .
Ive been watching the livestream .
Girl , we got a lot to talk about , starting with who the hell is Chuck and why was he such eye candy .
laughed at Nans antics ; it was nice hearing it again .noveldrama
We continued our typical banter as we walked back to Chester who was waiting by the fountain where we left him .
He looked uneasy and when we approached , he quickly stood .
1/2 26 BONUS Chapter 0353 I have to go , I told them .
I promised Gavin , Id meet him in his room and then I have watch duties tonight .
I hugged them both goodbyes , telling Chester that I was glad he came , and added that hes more than welcome to stay on our pull out couch , but no funny business .
Then I quickly hurried back to the suites .
I noticed that Sammy had already gone back without saying anything .
I went back to my suite first so I could quickly change before heading to Gavins room .
Though I had a key still to his room , I knocked anyway , not wanting to intrude if he was doing something .
When he didnt respond , I knocked again .
After another beat of silence , I decided to just let myself into his room .
Unlocking the door , I stepped inside , peeking around for any signs of Gavin .
His scent was faint , so he hadnt been here in a while .
I remembered the last time I wanted to surprise him naked in bed , he wasnt alone when he returned .
Mica was there and I had to hide under the bed before he saw me .
I wasnt going to make that mistake again .
It was almost 8 pm .
I only had a couple of hours before I needed to go on watch duty at 10 .
Taking a deep breath , I sat on his bed and waited .
Gavins POV I stood at the airport , glancing at my watch .
It was just after 9 pm and Irene and Matts plane should be landing soon .
My phone buzzed in my pocket , and I reached to grab it .
I glanced at the screen , seeing Micas name flash across .
Sighing , I opened the text message .
Mica : You watchling tonight ? Me : Yes .
Mica : What time ? The Lycans are gathering around now , and you arent here yet .
Me : I have something important to do right now .
Ill be there when I get there .
Before he could respond , I closed the messaging app and shoved my phone back into my pocket .
It didnt matter what time I arrived because there was only one competitor , I was planning on taking on the watch duty tonight .
###Take 354
Chapter 0354 Dad ? I heard Irene saying as she approached .
It was 9:30 now .
When I looked at her , I saw that her eyes were puffy , and her bottom lip was quivering .
I stood from my seat and walked towards her .
She had her luggage in hand , and Matt was standing behind her with his own luggage .
Whoever hurt her my little girl was going to die .
What happened ? I asked her as she wrapped herself in my arms , moisture from her tears soaking into my shirt .
Can we talk on the way to the resort , she sniffled .
I nodded , reeling in my temper .
Matt smiled at me as I rubbed his hair with my hand .
Do I get to see Judy in action ? He asked , his eyes filled with excitement .
I chuckled .
Yes , I told him .
He fist pumped in the air , excitement consuming him .
He went on and on about how hes been watching her on TV through the streaming service and hes excited to see it in person .
The entire time , Irene was lost in thought staring out the window as we drove towards the resort .
So , tell me whats going on ? I asked after a long wait , and once Matt finally started to drift off to sleep in the backseat .
I was trying to keep myself calm , but my worry and frustrations were evident .
My engagement ended , she whispered .
What ? I asked , my fists clenched around the steering wheel , my knuckles growing white .
The last thing I expected was for her to say that ; she was head over heels in love with Ethan .
I still remember when they met and I refused to let her date him , she was devasted and threatened her own life .
I had no choice but to let her be with him despite my own dislike of the guy .
I could see right through him ; he only wanted the title of Alpha for the Redmoon pack and he thought if he got close to my daughter , he would get close to me .
I deal with guys like that all the time ; I mean , he cheated on his own fated mate with my daughter so he could become an Alpha .
The only reason I allowed him to date Irene was because she threatened her own life .
I couldnt let anything happen to my daughter .
He was using me , she continued as tears spilled down her cheeks .
He cheated on me … or hes been cheating on me .
I reached over and grabbed a hold of her hand , squeezing it tightly .
Im sorry , was all I could think to say to her .
But really , I was plotting the many ways I was going to kill Ethan .
I really loved him , and I thought he loved me .
I thought … her voice trailed off as her eyes wandered out the window again .
I believed everything he said to me .
That last sentence was more to herself than to me ; it was barely a whisper .
None of it is your fault , Irene .
I wont let him get away with hurting you , I told her , my tone turning icy as I thought about Ethans antics .
1/2 She turned to look at me , her eyes red with unshed tears .
$ 26 BONUS I said and did some awful thing because of him , she said hoarsely , A lot of things were to Judy … he made me believe the worst about her .
Like she was trying to steal him and that she was obsessed with him .
I treated her like an enemy .
Yes , I was manipulated , but I still made a choice .
Thats on me .
My heart twisted from her words .
I didnt say anything because I wasnt sure what to say at that moment .
Do you think Judy would ever forgive me ? She asked in a whisper .
I nodded without much thought .
Judy wasnt the type to hold a grudge like that .
Once Irene explained the situation , I was certain Judy would incite her back into her friendship circle .
I think if you talk to her and explain what happened , then yes , she will forgive you .
She nibbled on her lower lip and fixed her attention out the window again .noveldrama
Im sorry , Dad .
Sorry I brought him into our lives , she whispered as more tears fell down her cheeks .
I dont know what to do … Itll be okay , I assured her .
Ill make sure of it .
My words held a threat .
She nodded but she didnt say anything more .
It broke my heart to see her like this .
Once we reached the resort , Matt , though tired , was back to talking my ear off about the upcoming competition and how excited he was to see the finals next week .
We finally reached my hotel suite , and I was late for watch duties .
I needed to go before Judy went off with a different Lycan .
I planned to just drop Irene and Matt off so they could get settled in the room , and then I was going to leave .
But the second I opened the door to my room , I froze .
The air … it smelled like her .
Judy was recently here .
But shes not anymore … Then I remembered I had told her to meet me here before her watch duty .
Fuck ! adalag
###Take 355
Chapter 0355 Judys POV There was nothing worse than the feeling of being stood up I hated that I waited there for so long , too , even though it was clear he wasnt going to show up .
I brushed my thoughts out of my head and went back to the gym area where I was supposed to meet up with everybody for watch duty tonight .
We were given schedules and certain parts of the territory that we would be keeping watch of , like security guards .
We were supposed to go in groups with a Lycan .
When I reached the gym , Lycan Levi was standing in the center , waiting for those of us to gather around .
Jeremy and Mica were also with him , lost in their own conversation Tabby smiled at me as I approached her , and when she saw the expression on my sunken face , she frowned .
Whats wrong ? She asked .
I didnt want her to know about my guy issues , so I gave her a forced smile and shook my head .
I didnt get much rest today , I admitted , which was the complete truth , I didnt get any rest because of the whole Nan thing and then waiting for Gavin the last couple of hours .
Youre telling me .noveldrama
I had so much adrenaline from winning that competition .
Im not sure how they expected us to get any rest after that , she said with a light laugh .
Will you be okay on Watch duty tonight ? Yeah , Ill be fine , I assured her .
Maybe well be on the same team again .
We can pick up each others slack , she said with a laugh .
I chuckled , too .
Okay , looks like this is everybody , Levi said , staring around at the small group .
A few of you are going with me tonight , he said , his eyes scanning the space , lingering on me for a beat too long before moving on .
Mica and Jeremy are choosing their tag along first .
Mica stood beside Levi , and Levi said something to him that the rest of us couldnt hear .
For a moment , Micas eyes flickered to me , and then he nodded .
He chose a few of the competitors, and they went off without another word .
Jeremy was next , he also glanced at me as Levi said something to him .
I felt my cheeks flushing it was clear he was talking about me , but I wondered what exactly he was saying .
Jeremy chose his competitors as well , and then soon , they were also off .
That left only a few of us left , including Tabby , who had her arm draped through mine with a big grin on her face .
I knew she was happy we were on the same team , but I couldnt help but get a strange feeling as I looked at Alpha Levi .
Okay , and that leaves the rest of you , Levi said with a grin as he stared at the small group , his eyes landing on me .
I so look forward to working with you .
There was a dark undertone to his voice that sent a chill down my spine .
Before anyone could say anything more , the door swung open , and a familiar presence wafted throughout the room , causing a pause .
We all looked in the direction of the intrusion , and my heart skipped a beat when I saw Gavin strolling casually into the gym as if he owned the place .
1/2 $ 26 BONUS Chamer 0355 .
Levi glared at Gavin as he approached .
It looks could kill Youre late , Levi said through his teeth .
I shouldnt be rprised , but the teams have already been chosen .
Gavin glanced around at everybody before his eyes landed on me ; I could see the dark possessiveness in his eyes , and I felt my heart rate increasing by the second .
You dont have anyone to take on watch , so you can just leave , Levi continued , folding his arms across his chest , showing defiance .
Ignoring him , Gavin stepped through the remaining team and walked right toward me .
My eyes grew large , wondering what he was about to do .
But before I could fully grasp it , he was holding onto my hand , pulling me along with him and towards the exit .
I stumbled after him , my cheeks on fire as I stared up at the man before me .
His shoulders were tense , and his eyes were focused as he continued to walk , completely ignoring Levis protests in the background .
Once we were outside , he didnt release my hand like I thought he would .
Instead , we continued to walk towards the forest where the watch duties were taking place .
W … what are you doing ? I finally asked , forcing the words out of my mouth .
21
###Take 356
e hapter 0356 He paused and turned to look at me , hits hand still wrapped around my wrist .
Not enough to hurt , but enough to make me realize he had no intentions of letting me go anytime soon .
Watch duty he murmured .
You are coming with me .
I thought I was on Levis team , I said , my tone coming det breathy and unfamiliar .
I hated the effect he had on me , having him with me on this watch duty was probably the worst idea ever .
Especially alone ….
Thats never been the plan .
I swallowed the lump in my throat as I stared up at him .
I wasnt sure what to say at that moment , so I remained silent as he continued to pull me towards the forest opening .
Soon , we were engulfed by the woods ; it was much darker than it had been a moment ago , and truth be told , I wasnt entirely sure where we were going .
But soon , he stopped walking , and his shoulders seemed to relax some .
He finally released my wrist , and I pulled back slightly so I could look up at him .
He wasnt looking at me; instead , he was leaning against a tree with his hands buried in his pockets and his right foot resting on the trunk of the tree .
Anger flared inside of me for both his recklessness and for standing me up .
Are you going to pretend like you didnt just drag me away like some kind of caveman ? I asked , folding my arms across my chest .
What the hell was that about ? What if they get the wrong idea ! He stared at me , his eyes darkening .
Im only here to monitor you during your watch duty .
You should probably get to work , he murmured , looking away from me , his face shining with disinterest .
His words were like a stab in the chest .
I knew arguing with him would be pointless , so I decided to get to work on my watch duties .noveldrama
I had seen gammas do this before ; they set themselves up high so they can get a good look at their surroundings .
The same tree Gavin was leaning against , I decided to climb to the top until I found a thick enough branch .
I remained perched on the branch , keeping my eyes out on my surroundings area , wondering where everyone else was stationed .
I wasnt really expecting anything to happen here tonight , but I was determined to make sure I nailed this job .
We remained silent for several hours , the silence stretching out and consuming us .
I stared down at him continuously throughout the night , and he remained quietly against the tree .
I went to your room , you know , I murmured , finally breaking the silence , unable to take the obvious tension any longer .
I know , he replied .
Your scent was everywhere .
I thought you were going to show up … I said softly , hating the vulnerability in my voice .
I had somewhere to be , he murmured , not bothering to look at me .
You could have called me- } You shouldnt talk during watch duties , he said , his tone having a bite to it.
1/2 Tronidnt take it anymore .
The mixed signale , his attitude towards me … I slipped out of on the ground in front of him , getting his face so he could see how furious I was with him .
ry are You being such a jerk ! I asked him .
Why did you drag toe away from the group only to treat me like His nostrils flared as he stared at me , and I knew better than to provoke a Lycan , but at this moment , all rationality went out the window .
You were the one who wanted me to go to your room , and you were the one who stood me up .
I deserve to know why .
Get back in the tree , Judy , he said through his teeth , his tone low and cold .
No , I said defiantly .
Not until you give me a reason as to why you stood me up , Gavin .
I waited for you , and you failed to show up- Dont test me right now , he said , a growl coming out of his throat .
You know what … I said , stepping away from him .
Forget it .
Im going to find Levi and ask to join his team .
I turned and was about to walk away , but he grabbed my wrist and pulled me against the tree , pinning me between his body and the tree .
You arent going anywhere with him , he growled , his wolf flashing angrily .
Ever .
Todays Bonus Offer ? ? ? kh 43 py たい なん 2/2 GET IT NOW
###Take 357
Chapter 0357 Chapter 0357 Gavins POV I snapped .
The second she mentioned Levis name and started to walk away , I fucking snapped .
I grabbed her and shoved her against the tree .
Now , she was pressed against it , and my body was pinning her in place .
Her eyes were wildly large as she stared at me , her breathing rapid like she was trying to keep herself under control .
She had fight in her ; she wasnt afraid of me even though I was the most powerful Lycan Chairmen in the world .
There was a fire in her eyes that made my cock betray me and twitch in my pants .
Her anger made me want to fuck her right here in the forest I could hear the sounds of her rapid heartbeat , her body trembling .
I wondered if it was out of anger or because of how closet was to her .
I wondered if I had the same effect she was having on me right now .
I admit I had been an asshole to her today .
But she needed that fire ; she needed that fight to push her through this competition .
Most importantly , I needed her to stay away from Levi ; any time she was close to her , I couldnt control myself .
1 The way he looked at her in the gym when I showed up was undeniable ; he wanted to possess her .
But there was no fucking way I would ever let that happen … Judy Montague was mine .
… Mine ? The thought slammed into me ; it was like dumping cold water on my head .
She wasnt mine .
I didnt possess her .
She wasnt my mate ; she wasnt my girlfriend .
At least not technically .
She was my sons tutor … she was the woman I was fucking .
We were scratching an itch and getting my family off my back , not to mention getting back at her ex .
Thats all this was … convenience .
But she wasnt mine .
I released her as if she had burned me , ignoring the growing desires bubbling in my chest from her nearness and the way her body felt pressed against mine .
Her breasts rose and fell as she breathed heavily , her exposed stomach smooth to the touch , begging me to touch her , but I stopped myself .noveldrama
I wasnt going to fuck her while on watch duty.
Though nothing was going to happen tonight when it came to enemy attacks because it rarely did here , I wouldnt distract her or myself like that .
This job was important for her future , and it needed to be taken seriously .
I was acting like a teenager who couldnt keep it in his pants .
I was better than that ; I was a goddamn Lycan , from crying out loud .
1 When I stepped away from her , I could see a flicker of disappointment in her eyes and the fight leaving her almost immediately , just as it left me .
Her breathing began to slow and her eyes followed me as I paced back and forth , running my fingers through my hair , trying to calm myself and my wolf down .
What the hell was wrong with me ? You are such a coward , she whispered .
It brought my attention back to her , and when I looked at her face , I saw tears in her eyes .
1/2 Chapter 0357 I didnt say anything ; instead , I watched as she climbed the tree effortlessly and retook her position on the top branch .
She refused to look at me for the rest of the night .
Judys POV By the time the sun started to rise , I was barely able to keep my eyes open .
I nearly fell out of the tree seconds we could return to the resort .
I was so relieved ; I hadnt slept in over before Gavin told me the shift was over 24 hours , and I was beyond exhaustion .
I just wanted to curl up in bed and sleep for an entire day ; thankfully , they were giving us a break for today , so I could do just that .
We should get back .
Ill write out your report and give it to the judges , he murmurs as he starts to walk away
###Take 358
Chapter 0358 Chapter 0358 I followed after him .
Thats it ? No feedback ? You didnt do anything feedback worthy .
I was stunned by his words and completely infuriated .
Are you kidding me ? I nearly shouted .
I stayed here all night and remained awake .
Thats the bare minimum , he murmured without looking at me .
You want me to praise you for not falling asleep at your post ? You should have gotten proper rest so wouldnt be an issue in the first place .
I grabbed his arm , trying to stop him from walking away .
I stayed awake because I was waiting for you ! It was half the truth ; it was also because of the Nan situation , but he didnt need to know that .
He whipped around to growl at me , and I quickly withdrew my hand as if he had just burned me .
You shouldnt let anyone , not even me , keep you from performing well , he said through his teeth .
You not sleeping is on you , not me .
Dont put that on me .
He turned and started to walk again ; my heart cracked hearing his words .
I didnt bother going back to the gym where most were gathering .
Instead , I started to head towards the suite .
I just needed to get some sleep and clear my head .
Ive had enough bullshit for a little while .
As I reached the elevator , I ran into Sammy , who smiled pleasantly at me .
Hey , how was watch duty ? She asked as I waited for the elevator doors to open .
Exhausting , I admitted .
I spent the whole night with Gavin .
The words were out of my mouth before I could stop them , but I was too tired to take them back and rephrase what I meant , so I just left them in the air .
She can think whatever she wants .
It didnt really matter anymore , anyway .
She frowned and tilted her head at my words .noveldrama
Oh , she breathed .
He was the Lycan on your watch last night ? I nodded .
Yeah , why ? I asked , noticing the strange look she was giving me .
She shrugged .
I thought he was in his room all night , she told me , but then she shook her head as if she was shaking away the thought .
I guess I was wrong , she murmured before she turned away and started to leave .
Ignoring the fact that the elevator door had just opened , I went after her , my brain unable to drop this conversation .
What are you talking about ? What made you think that ? asked her .
1/2 Chapter 0358 She paused and then looked up at me .
I guess it doesnt really matter if I tell you ; hes just your Alpha , right ? She said , giving me a slight laugh .
I saw a gorgeous blond going into his room last night .
I thought he was in there … you know ? My heart sank into the pit of my stomach at her words .
A pretty blonde went into his hotel suite last night ? It had to have been after I left his room because I didnt smell the presence of another female .
Did he seriously meet up with another woman last night and then bring her back to his room ? Was that why he stood me up ? Are you sure it was his room ? I asked ; my stomach was in complete knots .
Room 609 , right ? She asked .
My boyfriends room is nearby , so I was walking by when I saw her .
Ive seen him leave that room before , so unless thats her room … No , thats his , I said a little too sharply .
I didnt bother explaining how I knew that with such certainty , the look on her face showed that she understood .
Maybe its nothing ? She said thoughtfully .
I nodded , hating that tears were threatening to spill out of my eyes .
Thank you for telling me , Sammy .
Youre a good friend , I told her as I headed back to the elevator .
Are you upset / ? She asked , calling after me .
I didnt bother replying ; I stepped into the elevator and allowed it to take me to my floor .
The second the elevator shut , the tears slipped out of my eyes and down my cheeks .
###Take 359
Chapter 0359 I quickly wiped them away , feeling anger bubbling inside of me .
I was so stupid to think that I was the only one that Gavin Landry had been with .
I mean , he was a Lycan Chairman and the most powerful man in the entire world , there was no way he would settle for only me .
Of course , he had other suitors .
I felt sick at the very thought as bile rose in my throat .
I stepped out of the elevator and started towards my room .
Exhaustion was taking over almost completely as I walked the long hallway .
My heart pounded in my chest as started to pass by Gavins room .
I froze momentarily , staring at his closed door .
It was still early , so if there was a woman in there , she would most likely be sleeping , Gavin wasnt back yet because he was meeting with the other Lycans and judges in the gym right now .
I could catch this woman and find out for sure who she was and what her relationship with him was .
That was such a dumb idea for many reasons ; I mean , if shes in his suite , their relationship is obvious .
Not to mention , if Gavin found out , hed most likely fire me , and d never get my father out of prison .
My father was the reason Im here .
If I can become a gamma warrior , part of the elite group , I could pay for his debt and get him out of prison sooner rather than later .
My family would be whole again .
I shouldnt get distracted over a guy .
I started to walk past the room , but my body was conflicted , not wanting to move much further .
I stared at the door again , nibbling on my lower lip .
Shell be sleeping ; I just wanted to get a glimpse of her .
That was all I needed ; I just wanted to see her .
My decision made up , I grabbed the room key from my pocket and walked over to the door .
My heart was in my heart as I swiped the card on the door , and the green light lit to life , indicating that the door was now unlocked .
With a deep breath , I turned the knob and opened the door , peeking my head into the large suite .
I frowned as I glanced around the suite like I was afraid of what I was going to see .
One thing was for sure : a woman was definitely here ; this place reeked of another woman .
As I stepped further into the suite and looked more around , my heart sank when I saw a bra on the ground … a bra that didnt belong to me .
Shes leaving her undergarments here , marking her territory .
It felt like I was completely frozen .
There was nobody in the bed where the bra was lying next to , but the bed was unmade , which wasnt like Gavin at all .
Which meant someone else had slept in it .
Light snoring brought my attention to the pullout couch in the living room area .
My heart sank when I saw there was a figure in the bed .
The blanket was pulled over their head , so I couldnt see who it was .
I walked towards the couch , ready to rip the covers off their head so I could see for myself who it was .
Just as I grabbed the corner of the blanket , about to pull it back , the bathroom door opened , and I heard a deep , loud gasp .
My eyes shot upward at the person standing in the darkness across the suite , their silhouette standing completely still for a moment .
My eyes stayed glued to them , and I was aware I was barely breathing .
1/2 Chapter 0359 The figure let out a breath , and I knew from the exasperated here ? What was wrong with him ? The figure started to walk towards me , her movements fille something anything .
Then , she came into the light .
Chapter 0359 The figure let out a breath , and I knew from the exasperated sound that it was a female .
Did he have two women in here ? What was wrong with him ? The figure started to walk towards me , her movements filled with purpose , and I stood , bracing myself for something anything .
Then , she came into the light .
###Take 360
Judy’s POV
I stared dumbfounded at the woman in front of me, my heart pounding rapidly in my chest as she came into view and our eyes met. Her blue eyes were wide, and her blond hair was braided down her back. She wore comfortable looking pajamas, and her arms were wrapped around her body in a state of vulnerability as she faced me.
“Irene?” I asked, still shocked to see her in front of me.” W…what are you doing here?”
She was quiet for a moment, nibbling on her lower lip as she thought about what to say. I glanced down at the sleeping form, covered in the blanket, on the pullout couch. I grabbed the corner of the blanket and slowly pulled it back to see who was sleeping. My heart leaped at the sight of a sleeping Matthew.
I let out a breath I hadn’t known I was holding.
Gavin wasn’t cheating on me; he bailed on me because Matt and Irene were on their way. Slowly, the pieces were forming in my mind. He must have gone to pick them up this evening at the airport, and that was why he had failed to show up.
Guilt slammed into me like a freight train. I should have given him the benefit of the doubt. I shouldn’t have assumed he was with another woman. What was wrong with me? When did I become this jealous lunatic? I felt sick to my stomach thinking about all the things I had said to him.
I put the blanket back over Matt and looked up at Irene who was staring at the ground.
“When did you get here?” I asked, my voice soft so I don’t wake Matt.
“Last night,” she whispered. “I had to get out of Silver Crescent. I didn’t know where else to go. So, I called my father, and he got us a flight here. He picked us up at the airport and dropped us off before he left for his duties.”
In that one explanation, she confirmed my suspicions. He truly wasn’t with another woman… he was with his children. My heart clenched tightly in my chest as the weight of this information slammed down onto me.
I acted like such a jealous fool, and I was humiliated. I couldn’t believe I broke into his suite to get a glimpse of the other woman in his bed…and it ended up being his children.
“You have that same look I had the other day,” Irene murmured, sitting on the edge of the bed. “Humiliation, hurt, realization, feeling dumb.”
I looked at her, my eyes narrowed.
“What do you mean?” I asked her, stepping closer. I knew why I was feeling this way, but why was she?
For the first time, I saw moisture on her cheeks. She was crying. My heart clenched for her. Despite all that’s happened between us these last few months, I didn’t want to see her obviously hurting. She was still Gavin’s daughter; someone I thought of as a friend once before. I knew she didn’t have a lot of genuine friends, if any. She didn’t need an enemy right now; she needed a friend.
I sat down beside her on the bed and waited for her to speak and when she didn’t,
I reached over and took her hand, drawing her attention to me.
“Irene, what happened?” I asked her, keeping my tone low and compassionate.
“I shouldn’t have accused you of seducing him…I shouldn’t have believed him over you,” she whispered.
My heart sank to my stomach as I stared at her face.
She was talking about Ethan… this was about Ethan.
My expression hardened and my eyes darkened at the thought of Ethan doing something to hurt Irene. She was vulnerable and at this moment, she looked like a small child ready to curl in on herself. She was internally blaming herself for not seeing the signs sooner, but she had to know that this wasn’t her fault. Ethan was a master manipulator, and he was going to get what he wanted regardless.
Irene was a victim just like I was.noveldrama
“Irene,” I said, turning to face her fully. “What did he do to you?”
“He used me,” she whispered. “He only wanted me so he could get close to my father…”
She knew.
“I’m sorry, Irene,” I whispered, not sure what to say.
“Did you know, Judy?” She asked, her voice low. She wasn’t accusing me of anything, but I could hear the pure vulnerability in her tone.
I didn’t want to lie to her, so I nodded slowly.
“Yes,” I whispered. “I knew.”
She nodded, accepting the reality of the situation. Her fiancé used her, and I knew about it. But she didn’t look angry; she was only confirming what she already knew.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” She asked softly, staring down at her hands as she fidgeted with them.
“I couldn’t…” I replied, just as softly. “I wanted to… but I couldn’t.”
“Why not?”
I swallowed, not sure how much I should tell her, but I also really didn’t want to lie
to her. Not anymore. Now that she knew what Ethan was doing and what he’s capable of… she deserved to know the entire truth.
###Take 361
“For a couple reasons,” I admitted, nibbling on my lower lip. “Your father didn’t want me to say anything to you.”
She snapped a look at me, her eyes large as she obtained that new information. “My father knew too?” She asked. “Did everybody know”
“I’m not sure, I told her softly. “But your father was worried that you’d try to hurt yourself if you found out, or if you thought we were lying. He kind of just let it happen, despite knowing that Ethan wasn’t good for you.”
She swallowed as reality sunk in. Realization flickered through her eyes, and she let out a shaky breath as she nodded slowly, understanding clearly in her eyes.
“What was the other reason?” She asked.
I was quiet for a moment as I tried to put together the words; there was really no way around it, I had to tell her the entire truth for her to better understand the situation and for her to be grateful she got out of that situation when she did.
“Ethan was blackmailing me…”
Her eyes grew wide as she snapped a look at me, her mouth nearly dropping to the ground.
“What do you mean he was blackmailing you?” She asked, her eyes narrowed. “How?”
“You know his family are the Betas of the Redmoon pack?” I asked. “They have a lot of power. They are the richest family right now and they hold a lot of influence. Even more so my family, the Deltas.”
She listened thoughtfully and nodded, waiting for me to continue as I gathered my thoughts.
“My father owned a business, and we don’t come from a lot of money, so when he opened the business, he took out a pretty large loan. They racked up interest on the loan, though without telling him, so he owed twice as much as he borrowed. Ethan used his influence to triple the interest, so my father owed triple as much and then he got the loan pulled, so the loan sharks came demanding the funds. It was money that my father just didn’t have yet. Despite the business being successful and money coming in quickly, he didn’t have enough to pay off the entire loan yet. He had to give the sharks every penny he’s made, including the business, and it still wasn’t enough……..”
“Oh Judy…” Irene whispered, tears clear in her eyes.
I was quiet for a moment as I thought about my family, the weight of their reality resting on my shoulders. This was the first time I was telling this story out loud, and it was to someone kind of unexpected.
Taking a deep breath, I continued.
“Because my father couldn’t pay back the rest of the loan, he was put in jail. Ethan is the reason my father is in jail, and he could get him out if he wanted, but he’s holding him against me. Getting him beaten on a daily. My father is being tortured in prison, and Ethan is the reason it’s happening. He wanted me to live in a home that he purchased and be his mistress while he was married to you, Irene.”
She sucked in a sharp breath as she stared at me. I knew this was new information too and I hated being the one to tell her the reality of the situation, but she deserved to know everything.
“I refused and it’s been driving him crazy. He’s the reason I started to work with your father as your brother’s tutor. I needed the money so I can help out my family and try to pay off the rest of my father’s debt so I can get him out of jail,” I told her.
She shook her head, tears spilling out of my eyes.noveldrama
“Why hasn’t my father done something? He can easily pay off that debt for your father so you can get him out of prison and then he can do something about Ethan…”
I shook my head as tears filled my eyes.
“I didn’t tell him what Ethan was doing to me,” I admitted. “This is my problem… I don’t want to involve your father. Plus, my father has a lot of pride and would never accept help from anyone, especially a Lycan. But mostly, I’m just ashamed and embarrassed…”
“That’s ridiculous, Judy,” Irene said, a flicker of anger crossing her eyes. “Your father is in danger. You should have told my dad so he can help you. You have to get him out of jail.”
I nibbled on my lower lip, knowing she’s right.
“I also don’t think your father would help me if I tried,” I admitted softly. “Wrong,” a deep and furious voice said from the doorway, making us both flinch. “Give me 20 minutes,” Gavin said through his teeth as he pulled out his phone. “Afterwards…” he added, now turning his eyes at me, making my entire body heat under his scrutiny. “We are having a serious conversation.”
###Take 362
Gavin’s POV
I handed in my report to the judges without many casualties. The other Lycans were also there, telling them about each of the competitors they were with all night, and the judges took in the information thoughtfully. By the time they got to me, I handed them the report I wrote out and gave them a simple, “She passed,” then I turned and walked out.
When I reached the hotel suite, I thought I heard talking inside the room. Irene and Matt were inside; it was early, but I wouldn’t put it past either of them to be awake right now. However, when I got the door opened and stepped inside, my blood went cold when I heard Judy’s voice and then it boiled over when I heard what she was saying.
“Because my father couldn’t pay back the rest of the loan, he was put in jail. Ethan is the reason my father is in jail, and he could get him out if he wanted, but he’s holding him against me. Getting him beaten on a daily… my father is being tortured in prison, and Ethan is the reason it’s happening. He wanted me to live in a home that he purchased and be his mistress while he was married to you, Irene.
I refused and it’s been driving him crazy. He’s the reason I started to work with your father as your brother’s tutor. I needed the money so I can help out my family and try to pay off the rest of my father’s debt so I can get him out of jail.”
“Why hasn’t my father done something? He can easily pay off that debt for your father so you can get him out of prison and then he can do something about Ethan…” Irene asked. It sounded as if she had been crying. She still hasn’t exactly told me what Ethan did to make her run away from the pack and come here, but it must have been bad if Judy was spilling all of this to her.
“I didn’t tell him what Ethan was doing to me,” Judy murmured. “This is my problem… I don’t want to involve your father. Plus, my father has a lot of pride and would never accept help from anyone, especially a Lycan. But mostly, I’m just ashamed and embarrassed…”
“That’s ridiculous, Judy,” Irene said, sounding more upset than before. “Your father is in danger. You should have told my dad so he can help you. You have to get him out of jail.”
“I also don’t think your father would help me if I tried,” I said, which tipped me over the edge completely.
I stepped around the corner so they could see me clearly as I spoke.
“Wrong. Give me 20 minutes,” Gavin said through his teeth as he pulled out his phone. My eyes narrowed at Judy as she stared at me, open mouthed and wide- eyed. I could practically hear her heart beating rapidly. She didn’t want me to know about any of this, but now I knew everything. Her desperation for money when I first met her was making a lot more sense now and I felt like an idiot for not seeing the signs that something like this was going on. I was furious she kept this from me, but even more so that she wasn’t planning on telling me. I narrowed my eyes at her as I said, “Afterwards… we are having a serious conversation.”
I grabbed my phone out of my pocket and without another word, I stormed out of the room. I needed to get out of there before I lost my absolute shit. The fact that this monster had been under my roof for months and I was about to let him marry my daughter.
Ethan Cash was a fucking dead man.
I brought up Beta Taylor’s phone number and clicked the call button, pressing the phone to my cheek firmly as I paced the hallway back and forth.
“Alpha,” Taylor answered, sounding tired. “What time is it?”
“Does it matter? When your Alpha calls you stand to attention,” I said through my teeth, cutting out any small casualties.noveldrama
He knew this was business and not a personal call or else I would have never called him this early. There was silence on the other end as he woke up fully and processed his icy words.
“Sorry, Alpha,” Taylor said, sounding more awake now. “What can I do for you?”
“I want Ethan Cash found, and I want him in custody until I get back,” I said through my teeth. “I don’t care what it takes, but I don’t want him going anywhere before I can get my hands on him.”
“Yes, Alpha,” Taylor said, knowing not to argue with me right now.
“Also, I want the debt paid off for Richard Montague. All of it. I want him out of prison by the end of the day today. The sooner the better,” I demanded.
###Take 363
“Yes, Alpha. Do we know how much he owes?”
“It doesn’t matter,” I said through my teeth. “I want it all paid off. No questions asked.”
“On it,” Taylor agreed. “I’ll let you know when he’s released and when Ethan is in custody.”
“His family isn’t to go anywhere either. If they try, put them in custody as well.”
There was slight hesitation on his end for a moment.
“Yes, Alpha,” Taylor finally said after a beat of silence.
Without another word, I hung up the phone.
I needed to get out of here for a few minutes. I needed air and the fact that Judy kept something this important from me made me furious beyond belief. If I wanted to face her, I needed to have a clear head.
Judy’s POV
“Well, that was one way to tell him,” Irene said, staring at the closed door with a frown. “I’m sorry that happened,” she added.noveldrama
I sat frozen, staring at the doorway that Gavin just disappeared through, my heart pounding in my chest and tears threatening to spill out of my eyes. I couldn’t
believe that just happened. Now Gavin knew the truth about everything and there was nothing I could do about it.
“Maybe it’s for the best,” Irene said with a shrug. “Now he can do something about it. You shouldn’t have kept this to yourself, Judy. He can help get your dad out of prison.”
“My father’s pride is at stake,” I said softly.
“He’s being tortured in prison. I think this goes beyond pride,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest. “Don’t you think?”
I knew she was right, so I nodded slowly.
“Maybe I should go after him,” I said as I started to stand, but Irene grabbed a hold of my arm, keeping me in place.
“I think you should give him some space. I know that look in his eyes and it never ends well for anyone. When he’s ready to talk, he’ll come back,” she assured me gently.
It was odd having her be on my side right now; it’s been months since I considered her a friend, but now it almost seemed as if she was back to her old self. I could tell she still had some questions and things on her mind as well, so I settled back onto the bed and took a deep breath, trying to calm my anxious
nerves.
“I shouldn’t have believed a word Ethan said to me,” Irene said softly, tears filling her eyes as she studied my face. “I’m really sorry Judy. For everything.”
I gave her a small smile as I wrapped her in my arms and held onto her tightly.
‘I’m the one who’s sorry, Irene. I’m sorry you got hurt and you were forced to be in the middle of this,” I whispered. “But it’s not your fault… none of it was ever your fault. You were a victim of his cruel games.”
She nibbled on her lower lip for a moment before she nodded, realization setting in.
“You were a victim too,” she told me gently. “You and your family. What he did was cruel and sickening. He can’t get away with this.”
“And he won’t,” I told her. “Especially now that Gavin knows everything. He would never let Ethan get away with hurting you like that.”
‘Not just me,” Irene said, nudging me gently. “He wouldn’t let Ethan get away with hurting you either.”
My cheeks burned from her words, and I stared down at my lap.
“Maybe,” I said softly. “Either way, Ethan is a dead man.”
We talked for a bit longer and it was nice having her back as a friend. She asked some more questions such as, “Were you two still together when I met him?” And “Did he cheat on you with me?”
She looked pale after I confirmed that he did cheat on me and that I had been marked by him when I turned 18. Whenever he’s intimate with anyone, my mark burns. It got easier over time, especially since I was spending time with Gavin, it almost seemed as if Gavin eased the pain from the broken mate bond. But the ghost of the pain is still there.
After a while, I decided to return to my room and get some rest. I waited around for a while for Gavin to return, but he didn’t. I said goodbye to Irene and went to my hotel suite, expecting to see Nan tucked away in bed with Chester beside her or something. But when I got there, neither of them was in the room.
Instead, I was being grabbed the second I stepped into the room and pressed against the wall, my breath hitched when I heard the low and threatening words that were whispered in my ear, “Now, it’s time for us to talk.”
###Take 364
Judy’s POV
“Gavin…” I gasped, not prepared for the overwhelming feeling of his body pressing against mine in the dark of the hotel suite. “Where’s Nan and Chester?”
“I sent them away so we could have a little chat,” he said, his tone lethal. “Did you really think you could keep this from me? Even if I didn’t overhear you, I would have found out one way or another.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat, his close proximity making me weak-kneed.
“I had it handled…” I told him, trying to sound confident, but failing miserably.
“Handled?” He nearly laughed without humor. “Then why is your father still in prison?”
“I’ve been paying off his debt…” I said softly. “But they keep piling on more interest… we couldn’t even afford a lawyer, and all the ones appointed to him are corrupted by the Cash family.”
“You know what could have helped you in that situation?” He asked, his eyes narrowed to slits. “Telling a goddamn Lycan.”
I flinched at the harsh tone he used. He finally pushed off the wall to create some distance between us, but the distance seemed almost cold. He turned his back on me, and I watched him brush his fingers through his hair.
“Do you know what’s even worse?” Gavin asked, breaking through the silence that started to consume us. “You allowed him into our lives… you allowed me to
allow him to marry my daughter.”
“But he didn’t-”
“But he would have!” Gavin growled, whipping around to face me. “He would have married Irene and then what? Break her heart worse than he already has? Hurt her physically and mentally? Drained her of everything she’s worth and then came after me?”
“I didn’t think ”
“No, you weren’t thinking,” Gavin snapped, interrupting me once again. “You weren’t thinking about anybody but yourself. It was a selfish act not to tell me the entire truth about what was happening. I could have put an end to it long ago.”
I nibbled on my lower lip, hating that my cheeks were flushed, and tears were brimming in my eyes. I wasn’t going to let them fall right now though; I didn’t want him to see that kind of weakness in me.
“What are you going to do with him?” I found myself asking, my voice barely a whisper.noveldrama
I gasped when I felt him pressing against me once again, pinning me to the wall, though it wasn’t as rough as before, my heart still skipped a beat from his closeness.
“Does it matter?” He asked, his tone low and almost sultry as he whispered against my ear, his breath warm on my features. “Why do you care what happens to him? Do you still care for him?”
“No,” I said without hesitation, my own tone breathy. “But Irene does, despite what she might say.”
“Now you care about my family?” He asked, almost mockingly.
That was it for me; that was what pissed me off the most. How dare he think I don’t care about his family. I love his family; despite all Irene has done to make sure I wasn’t in the picture, I knew it was because of her love for Ethan that drove her to do those things. Now that she sees him for who he really is, our relationship can rebuild. But never stopped caring about her; both her and Matt had become important to me, and for Gavin to accuse me of not caring for them… caring for him… it pushed me over the edge.
I shoved him off me; typically, my strength wouldn’t be a match against his, but because he wasn’t prepared for my rage, he stumbled back a step, giving me some space.
I pointed my finger at him, rage flaring through my eyes.
“Don’t you dare accuse me of not caring for your family, Gavin. I love your family. They have become my family despite everything. I only didn’t tell Irene because I was afraid, she’d hurt herself if she knew that the man she loved, the one she chose as her mate and wanted to spend the rest of her life with, was only using her and cheating on her any chance he got. I didn’t tell you because it was my word against Ethan’s and honestly, I didn’t think you’d believe me. Not to mention my father has too much pride to ask outsiders for help, including a Lycan, and he told me that he, no matter what, won’t accept money from anyone other than his family. I thought he’d refuse if you were to pay off his debt. I was also embarrassed that we allowed something like this to happen and I didn’t want to confess to what happened to someone I was sleeping with! So, I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you, but don’t you dare call me selfish when everything I do is for everyone else—”
###Take 365
His lips were on mine before I could finish the rant. It was a kiss filled with need and anguish. He had me pressed against the wall again in seconds, his strong arms caging me in on either side as he deepened the kiss, his tongue making its way into my mouth and exploring me with such earnest that my heart felt as if it was about to beat right out of my chest.
“You are not just someone I am sleeping with,” he said against my lips; he nipped at my bottom lip, drawing it into his mouth before he resumed kissing me deeply.
I had no idea what that meant, but all the fight I had in me dissipated the second his lips were on mine. I kissed him back with as much frenzy as I could muster. Soon, he was lifting me off the ground and carrying me over to my bed, his kisses becoming bruising and filled with a lust that easily matched.
He broke his kiss from my mouth and ran his lips down the nape of my neck, nipping and sucking on my sweet spots, drawing out a moan from my lips as he ran his tongue across my chest, pulling my shirt over my head and leaving me in my bra. His eyes darkened when he saw the black lace of my bra and he let out a low growl and a curse as his lips continued to lick and suck my cleavage.
I felt my bra loosen as he undid the strap with ease, allowing it to fall to the bed. He threw it across the room before I had the chance to protest.
His lips wrapped around my nipple, making it pebble in his mouth as he teased it. I let out another moan, my back arching from the sensation and I felt a smile tipping the corner of his lips.
“So responsive to my touch,” he murmured as he resumed teasing my breast. He did the same tortuous teasing with the other one before he kissed down my body, taking my pants and panties off in the process, leaving me completely bare to him.
He kissed my inner thighs, but then he brought his lips back to mine and he kissed me with hunger like no other. Like he was a starving man, and I was his last meal.
He pulled his own shirt over his head and my heart skipped a beat at the sight of his incredibly toned body. I ran my fingers down his chiseled chest and abs, my fingers brushing along the waistband of his sweatpants.
His eyes were dark as he took me and I could see the smug smirk on his face because he knew that I was attracted to him with every fiber of my being.
I didn’t need to use words for him to know what I wanted. Soon, he was pulling off his pants, taking his boxers off with them. Both our breathing was rigid as his lips found mine again in a searing kiss that made me see stars. I moaned into his mouth as I felt his length poking at my entrance, testing my slit and making me wetter than I ever had been before.noveldrama
A low growl escaped his throat as he breathed me in; our breaths mingled.
He slowly pushed inside me, way slower than I thought he would because of how rough he was only a few moments ago, but now it seemed as if he was taking tender care of me as he pushed his manhood into my core. We both gasped at the sensation as my core swallowed every inch of him.
I let out another moan, my walls forming around him and making the perfect hideaway for his cock as his lips were mine again. He quickened his pace, pulling almost out before slamming back inside me. His movements slow but deep, making me gasp and moan each time.
He nipped at my ear, his breath warm against my features as he continued to
slam his entire length into me, hitting that perfect spot each time.
“Make no mistake, Judy,” he said in a low and threatening tone. “You are mine… and I always protect what is mine.”
###Take 366
Judy’s POV
I lay in bed naked, watching Gavin dress. It was the middle of the night, and we just finished our 3(rd) round of sex when he finally decided he’d had enough and was about to leave and return to his own suite. My heart was heavy as I watched him dress; I was unable to move still because my legs were too wobbly, and every fiber of my being was craving more of him. It was safer if I just stayed in the bed.
He glanced at me over his shoulder, a smug look on his face. He could smell my pending arousal, and I hated that. That was the one shitty thing about werewolves; we could literally smell everything, including arousal. After he finished pulling his shirt on over his head, he turned to look at me.
“The Ethan situation will be handled accordingly,” he told me as if we just finished some kind of business deal. “He won’t be a problem to you or your family anymore.”
I nodded, not really sure what more to say. He walked over to my side, surprising me by his quick nearness. He closed the gap in only a few strides and bent to kiss me on the lips. It was a gesture I wasn’t prepared for, and my mind was whirling with thoughts on what it meant.
His words kept playing repeatedly in my mind.
“You are mine… and I always protect what is mine.”
What did that even mean? I was his…?
I shook the thought out of my head; it was a lust-filled comment, and it didn’t mean anything. He said it in the heat of the moment. He only wanted to draw a reaction from me, and I wasn’t going to justify him with one.
His kiss was simple and sweet, and yet it sent my heart into complete turmoil. When he pulled away, I felt a sudden loss. He stepped away and cleared his throat, running his fingers through his disheveled hair, a rarity for him, even after
sex.
“I need to go,” he told me without much more of anything else.
On that note, he turned and left the suite, leaving me staring at the door, naked, and very much confused.
I only managed to get a few hours of sleep before Nan and Chester were walking back into the suite. I opened my eyes to see them whispering as they entered. Nan still looked a bit uncomfortable around him and he seemed as if he was walking on eggshells.
“Hey,” I said groggily as I sat up. “Where did you guys go?”
Nan smirked when she saw me.
“Well, your lover Lycan came in like a caveman, woke us up. Told us to get lost for the night. He bought us another hotel room for the night. So, we slept there,” Nan explained.
I raised my brows.
“Together?” I asked, peering between the two of them.
“We slept separate,” Nan clarified. “He slept on the couch, and I took the bed.”
“Did you talk at all?” I asked.
“Barely,” Chester was the one who begrudgingly answered.
“So, what’s the plan for today? Do you have more training?” Nan asked, ignoring him.
I shook my head.
“They gave us the day off,” I told her. “But I was thinking maybe we can have some fun today. Get our minds off things.” Lord knows I needed to get my mind off things that started with the G.
She nodded eagerly.
“Yes, I agree,” she said, sitting on my bed beside me. “Maybe we can find Sammy and invite her out with us. We can have a girl’s night and forget about guys for a while.”
Chester tensed at her words, and I felt a ping of guilt as I looked up at him. I hated that they were at odds with one another because they were both my friends.
“Actually, I was thinking maybe all of us can go out,” I suggested. “Chester could use a distraction too.”
Nan raised her brows as she looked at me, giving me the “You can’t be serious” look.noveldrama
I smiled at her, nudging her shoulder.
“Can’t you put her differences aside for one day? I asked her. “You are both my friends, and you are both in a difficult situation. You could both use a distraction. Just for today, let’s pretend that you don’t know each other and you are just two people who need a distraction.”
Nan looked hesitant, but she soon nodded slowly, her gaze flickering to Chester who was watching her before he decided with a nod.
I sighed out in relief.
“Good,” I said with a thoughtful smile. “Then we can see if Sammy is available and maybe Tabby too?”
###Take 367
“Sounds great,” Nan agreed.
“Oh, and Irene,” I added quickly.
Nan’s eyes grew wide as she snapped her gaze in my direction,
“Irene?” She asked, her mouth dropping open.
“Wait, Gavin’s daughter, Irene?” Chester asked, his brows furrowed. “She’s here? Since when?”
“She got in last night,” I explained. “It’s kind of a long story, but bottom line is… she knows the truth about Ethan.”
Nan’s eyes grew even larger as she studied my face. Nan was the only one who knew the entire story, so I knew I didn’t have to explain to her what I meant.
“Did he hurt her?” Nan finally asked after a beat of silence.
“Only emotionally<” I replied. “But she left him and came straight here. We talked about it last night and now she’s aware of the monster that he is.”
“Do you think she is strong enough to stay away from him?” Nan asked. “She was crazy obsessed with him. Like cut her wrists because her father disapproved of him, obsessed.”
“I think she’s plenty strong; now that she knows what he’s capable of, she has no interest in getting back together with him. From what she told me, it doesn’t look as if he would get back together with her either. He told her he didn’t need her or her father anymore to get what he wants.”
“What do you think he meant by that?” Nan asked, chewing on her bottom lip nervously.
“Who knows,” I muttered. “But Gavin overheard everything and now he’s aware of what happened as well. He said he’s going to take care of it,” I explained.
“That explains why he looked so furious when he barged in here,” Chester said as he thought back to the night. “Should have heard him when he was pounding on the door. I thought he was going to break it off the hinges. The second the door was open, he was shoving past me and into the room, demanding that we leave for the night. He gave me a hotel key and everything.”noveldrama
I shook my head at the thought.
“He’s such a caveman,” I murmured, still confused by his actions, but choosing not to dwell on them too much.
“But seriously though; I could definitely use a night out,” Chester added. “I heard there’s a nightclub in the city up the street. We should check it out.”
I grinned at the idea and looked at Nan; she nodded in agreement.
“So, it’s agreed. Tonight, we are partying!”
Third Person POV
“Ethan, what the fuck have you done?” Ethan’s father, Raymond, growled as Ethan walked through the front door. “Why is the Beta searching for you and why did we get an Alpha order to remain here at all costs until his return next week?”
“You put us on house arrest,” his mother added, her arms wrapped around herself as if she might not survive being stuck in the manor for a week.
Ethan knew that by his current situation with Irene, he would have traveled to Gavin Landry. He had prepared for this, which was why he disappeared for the last few days.
“I have it handled,” Ethan said, walking past him and towards the stairs. “I only came to collect a few things and then I’ll be leaving.”
“Where are you going?” Raymond asked, following his son up the stairs.
“The least you know, the better,” Ethan told him, glancing over his shoulder. “That way they can’t Alpha command you into revealing my secrets.”
“Does this have anything to do with the Montagues?” Raymond asked.
Ethan paused outside his bedroom door, his eyes narrowed at his father, a look Raymond had never seen cross his son’s face before, causing him to pause.
“I have it handled,” Ethan said slowly, leaving no room for further arguments.
With that, he turned and stormed into his bedroom. The moment he was alone, he grabbed his phone and pulled out his contact.
Pressing his phone to his cheek, he waited for the contact to answer.
“I need you to pick me up. I have to leave my car here so I can’t be traced,” he said gruffly, waiting for them to reply.
“Do you think that’s a good idea? You know what will happen if we are caught together, Ethan,” the voice said on the other end of the line.
“It’s an emergency,” Ethan explained. “I’ll explain more when I see you. Can I expect you here soon?”
The other person sighed.
“Fine. But this better be good. I won’t be compromised because of you.”
###Take 368
Third Person POV
Daisy Baldwin stood outside the Cash manor, her red corvette running as she waited for Ethan. Her blond curls glistened under the moonlight; her features illuminated. Her pink overcoat hugging her figure perfectly. Working with Ethan was never a thing she had planned, but he sought her out one evening knowing that she wanted Gavin for herself, just as he wanted Judy.
They became partners in trying to break them up.
The moment she saw Ethan emerging from the manor with his luggage in hand, she pressed her lips in a thin line and folded her arms across her chest.
“There better be a good explanation why I’m picking you up so late at night and why you have luggage. If you think for a second you are staying with me—” she started to say, but he held up his hand to silence her.
He walked over to the trunk of her car and threw his luggage inside before making his way to the driver’s seat. Her mouth fell open as she scrambled to chase after him.
“What the hell do you think you are doing!” She screeched. “That’s my car!”
“Get in,” he said, not leaving her any room for argument.noveldrama
She stared at him dumbfounded, he put the car in drive, his eyes blazing as he stared at her.
“I said get in!” He growled again.
She quickly ran around the car and got into the passenger seat. Before she could even close the door, he was peeling away.
“What the hell is going on Ethan?” She asked, her heart racing as she held onto the seat. Ethan drove through the street, weaving through traffic, and it made her shake with nerves.
“We are leaving,” he tells her with finality. “There’s somewhere we need to be.”
“Want to enlighten me?” She asked, folding her arms across her chest once the road clears and there’s no more traffic.”
He smirks.
“Trust me,” he murmured. “You’re going to like this.”
Judy’s POV
Gavn wouldn’t let us go to the club without some of his gamma warriors trailing us, which I shouldn’t have been surprised about, especially considering his daughter was with us. The music was loud, and everyone was having the time of their lives. I wasn’t very much into dance clubs, and I could tell Sammy was the same way because she found a secluded spot in the corner and continued to sip on the same drink for over an hour.
I wished I could join her because I was tired, but Nan and Irene refused to let me sit.
“This is exactly what we needed,” Nan breathed as she took a long and steady sip of her drink.
I nodded in agreement and lifted my glass in the air for them to clink.
“To forgetting about guys,” I said with a grin, knowing that each of us needed to forget about a guy.
They cheered and clinked glasses.
“I’m just going to run to the bathroom,” Irene said, her words slurring slightly from the amount of alcohol she’s consumed.
I nodded as Nan dragged me back to the dance floor. The music picked up and we danced like nobody was watching, laughing and swaying with our drinks raised. I hadn’t even thought about where Chester had gone off to. The last I saw of him he was seated at the bar. I worried that he ended up finding a woman and is having sex with her somewhere. If that’s the case, it would destroy Nan because he is her fated mate and he was supposed to be trying to win her trust.
I didn’t voice my worry though, not wanting her to panic or doubt herself. She was supposed to be forgetting him for the night, despite the fact that he was here.
“We should check on Sammy,” I said loud enough for her to hear me.
Nan nodded, finally tiring herself out from all the dancing.
As we weaved through the crowd, Sammy’s small table in the corner came into view and I was honestly shocked to see Chester seated with her. They weren’t really talking, they both looked kind of bored and sipping on their drinks, a comfortable silence falling between them.
“Hey,” I said as I took a seat beside Chester, Nan took the empty seat beside Sammy, avoiding Chester’s wandering gaze.
“Have you been here the whole time?” I asked him, taking a sip of my drink.
“A few minutes ago,” he admitted. “I went from the bar to here. I needed to get away. Some of these women won’t take no for an answer.”
I could see Nan tensing from the corner of my eyes; she was trying hard not to look at him, but ii knew she wanted to know as much information as she could.
###Take 369
“Did you turn them down?” I asked him.
His eyes flashed with something I couldn’t quite read.
“Of course I did,” he replied. “Did you think I was going ot pick up women while here?”
I shrugged.
“I wouldn’t put it past you,” I admit.
“I’m not that big of an asshole,” he murmured, looking almost offended.
“Debatable,” I teased.
“Where’s Irene?” Sammy asked, glancing around the space.
“Bathroom,” Nan replied, still avoiding Chester’s gaze.
I frowned as I too looked around.
“She’s been in there for a while,” I said, noticing the time. “Maybe she can’t find us. I’ll go look for her.”
I stand and Chester stands as well.
“I’ll come with you,” he said a little too quickly.
I knew he just needed some space from Nan, and this was his way of getting that.noveldrama
I nodded and motioned for him to follow me.
We weaved our way through the crowds of people and towards the secluded hallway that led to the bathroom. As we neared the hallway, my senses started to pick up on something and my heart began to race. Something was wrong… I could feel it deep in my bones and Chester could sense my growing anxiety.
“What is it?” He asked with a frown.
“Something wrong,” I said, quickening my pace.
“How can you tell?”
I wasn’t sure how to explain it; but it was like every bone inside me was screaming that something was wrong, and I needed to get to the source. Without replying, I raced through the halls until I neared the girl’s room, and that was when I heard her.
“Please… let me go!” She cried; her tone choked as sobs wracked her body. “Please…” she sounded defeated, like she was giving up her fight.
My heart raced as I surged forward, my wolf nearly taking control entirely. I knew the voice to be Irene and then the male grunting was an unfamiliar sound, but it pissed me off entirely.
“Get back to Nan and Sammy and get them out of here,” I called over my shoulder to Chester as I picked up my pace. “Then call Gavin. Meet us out front!”
“Wait what?” Chester asked.
I didn’t reexplain it to him, I burst through the bathroom door in time to see a man mounting Irene, who was nearly completely naked, her clothes ripped, though it didn’t look like he had gotten very far with her.
He quickly spun around; his eyes wide with shock. He had locked the door, and I burst through it with ease, so I understood his shock. Before he could comprehend what was happening, I was kicking him in the face, making him nearly fly across the room.
Irene let out a choked sob as she grabbed what was left of her clothing and tried to cover herself, her hands and entire body trembling with fear. I didn’t spare her a look though; I was too focused on the man in front of me. He was unfamiliar, and he reeked of alcohol. He was kind of good looking, so I could see Irene willingly talking to him, but then he clearly took things too far and I wasn’t okay with that.
“You caught me off guard,” he growled, his eyes blazing with fury. “I won’t let that happen again.”
He lunged at me, ready to fight but I was faster and oddly enough, stronger. I managed to get the best of him, making him fly across the room again. His head slammed off the tiled wall and his eyes, unfocused, were fixed on me.
“I can do this all day,” I said through my teeth. “Come at me!”
“Who the hell are you?” He asked, wincing in pain as he struggled to get to his feet.
“I’m someone you seriously shouldn’t fuck with,” I growled.
Before I could say anything more, gamma warriors were in the room, pinning him to the ground.
One of the gammas knelt beside Irene and gave her his overcoat to cover her body. She thanked him as she wiped away her tears, her body still trembling. I wondered where the gammas were until this point and why they weren’t watching their main target. I decided to not question them right now though.
I grabbed Irene’s hand and pulled her to her feet.
“Let’s go,” I told her firmly, pulling her out of the bathroom like I was some kind of mother figure.
###Take 370
Judy’s POV
By the time we got outside, Gavin was already there. It almost felt as if he’d been here the entire time with how fast he arrived. His eyes were pouring into me, anger coursing through him as he quickly got out of the car and marched towards us. Chester, Nan, and Sammy waited nearby, their eyes wide as they looked back and forth between us.
“Get in the car,” he told me, grabbing my arm and pulling me towards the car. He opened the passenger door and nearly yanked me inside. I was caught off guard by the sudden force and stumbled into the car; the door slammed behind me.
He then turned to Irene and assessed her. I couldn’t hear what they were saying, but she was crying and sniffling, her body trembling as she hugged the overcoat tighter around her body. He put a hand on her shoulder and said something to her that made her nod. Soon, she was walking towards the car and sitting in the back seat behind me.noveldrama
She sniffled and stared out the window.
Gavin said something to Chester, and he nodded; I saw Nan tensing, but she didn’t argue with whatever he said. I knew Chester had brought his own car, which was how we had all got here, so he was probably asking Chester to bring the girls back.
Gavin got into the driver’s seat and peeled away from the club, heading back to the resort. I stared out the window, the ride was long and quiet. Only the sounds of Irene’s sniffling could be heard. Gavin’s knuckles were white as he gripped the steering wheel. I could feel his anger and I wasn’t sure who it was directed at.
Was he mad at me? This wasn’t my fault… then again, going to a club was my idea. Maybe that’s why he was angry.
Or maybe he was angry at the idea of that guy trying to have his way with his daughter?
A tight knot formed in the pit of my stomach.
As we reached the resort, he parked out front.
Irene unbuckled and got out of the car, saying she’ll see us later. I was confused by this because I thought we were all going in together. They must have had an understanding before they got into the car that Irene would be dropped off.
But what about me?
The door shut and Gavin drove away, leaving me dumfounded. It was late and I was honestly tired, not wanting to go on any more adventures this evening. I just wanted to get back to the room and sleep until tomorrow.
He pulled out back until we reached the parking lot and then he parked the car. He sat like that for a long while, neither of us speaking. I stared at him, not sure what to make of this, wondering what the hell was wrong and why he wouldn’t speak to me. He would barely even look at me.
What are you thinking about Gavin Landry?
Gavin’s POV
“Please don’t be angry with her, Dad. She protected me…” Irene just before getting in the car, her words replaying in my mind the entire drive back to the resort. “I never had anyone protect me like that. Though we are almost the same age… it felt very motherly.”
My heart was pounding in my chest as I parked the car outside the resort. I told Irene that I was dropping her off, and then I’m taking Judy somewhere to talk. She protected my daughter… she treated her like her own daughter despite her age. She had a motherly instinct in her and because of that, she was able to beat the crap out of that guy. Or so my gammas had told me. They explained the condition that guy was in by the time they reached the bathroom, and my chest swelled with pride at the thought of Judy doing all that to him all because he dared to touch Irene.
I could feel Judy’s eyes as I parked the car in a dark parking lot, keeping away from the sight of others so I could truly be alone with her. But the thoughts of that man hurting my daughter continued to replay in my head and fury was consuming me. He wasn’t dead, which meant if he wasn’t taken care of now, he could do this to others.
“Gavin….” Judy finally whispered, breaking through the intense silence.
He blinked, like he was just realizing she was there. He looked over at her, she was facing him in the passenger’s seat, her breathing heavily and her lips slightly parted. The concern in her eyes scent his own heart into overdrive, a feeling he couldn’t quite place, and he wasn’t quite ready to admit existed yet, but he knew something was there, festering within him and growing with each passing moment.
He reached over and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. She wore a low-cut dress that showed off a bit too much of her cleavage and long, slender legs. His wolf growled possessively in his mind, a growl that came right out of his lips, making her eyes widen.
###Take 371
He knew he had to tone himself down before he terrified her to death, but he couldn’t help himself. She opened her mouth to speak again, but his lips were on hers before she could utter a single word. He practically felt her heart skipping a beat as he claimed her mouth with his. He kissed her like he was a parched and she was a fresh sip of water. Her mouth was soft and sweet against his; after the initial shock wore off, she started to kiss me back, her mouth moving rhythmically against mine, her tongue darting out and licking at my bottom lip, almost possessively.
A low growl escaped my lips as I pulled her closer to me, or as close as I could in a car. I drew her bottom lip into my mouth, tasting it like it was candy, a soft moan escaped her lips as I reclaimed her mouth.
I gripped her hips and before I knew what was happening, I was pulling her onto my lap, her back against the steering wheel as her lips remained on mine. She straddled my lap, my hard cock itching to be released from my pants, rubbing against her sensitive spot beneath her dress. I trailed my lips down the nape of her neck, kissing and nipping every corner I could, loving her soft gasps as pleasure consumed her.
I ran my lips across her chest, pulling out one of her braless breasts without having to remove any part of her dress because the low-cut was loose, giving me easy access. Her nips were already hard and waiting for me. I wasted no time wrapping my lips around it, tugging and teasing it between my teeth, sucking on it until were red and swollen.
I gave the other breast the same treatment, a low growl of pleasure escaping my throat, sending goosebumps to attack her body. A shiver ran through her body from my touch, and I smirked knowing the exact effect I had on her.
She ran her fingers through my hair, and I closed my eyes from the sensation, loving the way her hands felt on my body and in my hair. I reached between us, tugging at my waistband of my sweatpants until my large member was revealed to her. She wasted no time in moving her panties to the side and sinking down onto my large cock, allowing every inch to be absorbed inside of her.noveldrama
She let out a low groan of pleasure as she swallowed me whole, my entire length buried deep inside of her. She stayed like that for a moment, savoring the feel of me stretched out in her tight core, forming and fitting for me.
After a moment, she started to move, her hips thrusting against mine and our moans echoing in the car, heat consuming us, blocking the world out from around us. I gripped her hips tightly, enough to leave a bruise, but I knew it would heal by the time we were done. She threw her head back as she quickened her pace, her breath getting heavier as she got lost in the pleasure of having me deep inside of her, stroking her g-spot as if it was created for me alone.
I wrapped my lips around her nipple again, tugging and teasing it as she milked my cock of everything was worth. I was hardening even more inside of her, thrusting deeply inside her, quickening my own pace to match hers, chasing my pending orgasm as a moan escaped my lips.
I looked up at her flushed cheeks and her lust-filled eyes, a desire like no other rushing across me. He reached up and pulled her head down to my lips so I could claim her lips once again. She breathed me in, our breaths mingling as one. The sound of skin-on-skin slapping echoing in the vast space. Her breathy moan making my cock twitch with anticipation and when she yelled out my name, the sound of my name of her lips was nearly my undoing.
“Mine,” I whispered against her ear as I thrust hard and deep inside her, making her gasp at each sensation.
I felt her legs trembling as I held her firmly against me while I thrust deep and slow inside her, wanting to draw out her pleasure. She dug her nails into my shoulders as she came undone on my cock, her juices spreading across my lap.
Her orgasm was my undoing and within seconds, I was coming undone as well, burying myself deep inside her as I allowed my seed to coat her insides.
She fell against me, her body trembling with aftershocks of pleasure as I peppered kisses along her hairline and ran soothing circles around her back, my member still twitching inside her, releasing the last of its sperm.
“That…” I whispered hoarsely, raw emotions that were foreign to me being easily conveyed by my tone. “Was for protecting my daug
###Take 372
Judy’s POV
“Sorry I couldn’t make it out with you guys’ last night,” Tabby said as she spotted me during our weight training. “I wanted to have a clear head for training today.”
“Don’t be sorry. Honestly, you weren’t missing much,” I told her. “I probably shouldn’t have gone out either. The next and last part of the competition is crucial because this will determine the final winner. I probably should have a clear head too.”
“Have you been scouted yet?” Tabby asked, glancing around at the others who were hard at work and completely oblivious of us.
I frowned and shook my head.
“No, have you?” I asked.
Anyone could recruit us to their pack or gamma force without us having to win the competition. However, only those who win the competition can make it to the Elite Force.
“No, but I heard Sherry was recruited already. She still wants to compete though and try to get to the top,” Tabby told me.
I lifted the weight, it was heavier than what I was used to, but I was aiming to push myself a little further today.
“She would be stupid not to,” I said between grunts. “She’s really good at what she does.”
Tabby nodded in agreement, watching as I lifted the weight towards her and then back down.
“So, if you win and you make it on the Elite force, where do you want to be stationed? You know you get to choose your start base location.”
“I honestly hadn’t thought about it,” I told her.
The Lycans are in charge of the Elite Gamma Forces, so they were mainly stationed near their main packs. I knew there was an Elite Force station just outside of the Silver Crescent pack, so that would be ideal. But would Gavin even want me on that force? For some reason, I was nervous asking him.
“You live near Silver Crescent, right?” Tabby asked thoughtfully. “So, ideally, that would make the most sense. Unless you were looking for a change in scenery?”
“I mean, my family and friends all live there,” I told her, as I lifted the weight once again, my muscles screaming at me to stop and I knew I probably should have listened. The last thing I wanted was to hurt myself before the final rounds started. “So, yeah, it would be ideal. But I don’t know. I guess we will see. What about you? Have you thought about it?”
“I don’t live near any of the Lycans,” she said with a shrug. “So, I don’t really know. But I heard Alpha Landry has one of the better forces, so I would probably try to get into the Silver Crescent one.”
I finally put the weight down, feeling as if my arms were about to fall off.
I sat up, sweat caked on my face, and I used the back of my hand to wipe it off.
“We’d be neighbors,” I told her with a smile.
She laughed and nodded.
“Yeah, it would be pretty cool,” she breathed with a wide grin.
“Judy!” I heard my name coming from the gym entrance and I turned just in time to see Matt’s smiling face as he ran toward me, Irene quickly running after him. She looked as if she hadn’t slept a wink, and my chest tightened for her. I knew she was still heartbroken after the whole Ethan situation, not to mention being attacked at the club last night.
“Hey, what are you guys doing here?” I asked, sitting up on the bench. “Shouldn’t you be exploring the resort or tanning by the pool?”
“I wish,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest and giving Matt a pointed look. “He was insisting that we came to see you before we did anything.”
I rubbed my hand through his hair and smiled down at him.
“Did Matthew miss me?” I teased, making him scowl.
“No,” he muttered. “I just wanted to see you in action… you know, for my own training,” he tried to play it off, but I could see through him.
I laughed.
“Oh, sure, I’m sure that’s what it is,” I teased again, making him roll his eyes. “Hey, this is Tabby. My friend on the team.”
“I saw you on TV!” Matt said with a grin. “You were on Judy’s team when you were on the island.”
Tabby nodded.
“Yes,” she replied. “Judy was pretty amazing with that bear.”
“It’s not like I did it alone,” I countered. “But anyways, Tabby, this is Matthew and Irene Landry.”
###Take 373
Tabby’s eyes grew wide, and her mouth nearly dropped to the ground.
“The Landry’s” She asked in awe. “As in Gavin Landry?”
“They are his kids,” I explained.
“I knew he had a daughter, but I had no idea he had a son too,” Tabby said, furrowing her brows. “He really keeps his life private.”
Matt looked a bit sheepish and uncomfortable from the remark and I gave him a reassuring smile.
“Woah, who is that cutey?” Irene asked, her eyes staring off in the distance.
I followed her gaze and then smirked when I saw the man she was looking at. Turning back to her I replied, “That would be Chuck Evans. He’s from the Bloodmoon pack up North. His father is the head gamma there.”
“He was also on Judy’s team when she was on the island,” Matt also explained, eagerly. “He was kind of like the team captain.”
“Yeah, and nobody even questioned it,” I said with a headshake. “But leadership came naturally to him, almost like it was a given.”
Irene’s eyes were fixed on Chuck, not paying attention to what anyone was saying.
“Earth to Irene,” I said, waving my hand in front of her face, making her blink a few times like she was just finding out where she was.
“Sorry, what were you saying?” She asked, her cheeks turning a strange shade of red.
“I was saying, that’s Chuck Evans. Though he’s great at what he does, he’s kind of arrogant. I’d just be wary of him.”
“It’s not like I’m planning on doing anything with him,” Irene said a bit nervously. “I just got out of a serious relationship. I’m still kind of a mess over it.”
“Have you heard from him?” I asked.
She shook her head, looking as if she wanted to cry.
“No,” she breathed. “He made it perfectly clear that he never wanted me to begin with. It was always my father he was after…”
“He never deserved you,” I told her, wrapping a sweaty arm around her.
“He didn’t deserve you either,” she sighed, resting her head on my shoulder, not caring that I was sweaty.
“Who are we talking about?” Tabby asked, and her brows furrowed.
“My ex-mate,” I told her. “And Irene’s ex-fiancé.”
Her eyes grew wide.
“Woah, juicy,” she breathed.
I laughed and gave Irene a gentle squeeze.
Our conversation was interrupted by the sound of my phone ringing. I grabbed my phone out of my bag that sat beside the weights, and I saw that my mother was calling. My heart squeezed in my chest and suddenly, I was worried that something was wrong. She was still living in the Cash Manor after all. Did they do something to her after their connection with Irene and the Landry’s were cut?
I excused myself and rushed out of the gym so I could take the phone call privately. A million thoughts ran through my mind and for a moment, I was prepared to get a flight back home so I could be with my mother.
“Mom,” I greeted when I answered the phone. “Is everything okay?”
“Judy, it’s your father,” my mother sniffled on the other end.
My heart fell deep into my stomach at the thought of something happening to my father, knowing that it would also destroy my mother. If I lost him, I lost them both.
“Mom, what happened, is he okay?” I asked, panicking me.
“Yes, he’s fine,” my mother surprised me by saying. “He’s coming home, Judy. He’s getting out of jail today.”noveldrama
My eyes grew impossibly large; out of all the things she could be calling me for, that was not something I even thought about. I remembered Gavin saying he had it handled, but I didn’t think it would be so fast.
“Are you serious?” I asked, my voice coming out as a breathy whisper. “How, why?”
“His debt was paid in full,” she said softly.
My heart swelled with joy at hearing her; I realized these weren’t tears of fear or heartbreak, she was crying for joy because her mate was returning to her.
“Oh, mom, that makes me so happy,” I said, my own eyes welling with tears.
“Alpha Landry also called me personally to tell me that he was going to make sure we were set up well,” she told me, surprising me further. “He rebought our house, Judy. The Cash family no longer owns it…we do. We get to finally move home, Judy!”
###Take 374
Third Person POV
“Tell me again why we came to this country?” Daisy asked when they arrived at the resort.
Ethan grinned as the car parked outside of the main entrance and they got out of the car. He could already smell the sweet scent of his mate wafting in the air and it made his mouth water and his cock twitch. One way or another, Judy was his and he wasn’t going to let her go without a fight. Levi would get what he wanted, and Ethan would get what he wanted.
“You want your chances with Alpha Landry, don’t you?” Ethan asked, corking a brow at her.
She nibbled on her lower lip and then nodded.
“You know I do. He’s everything I ever wanted, and I will fight for him until my dying breath,” she declared, determination etched in her face. She will never give up on Gavin; she has loved him for most of her life. She was born and raised to love him; his family loves her and wants them to marry, and she was determined to make that happen no matter what.
“Gavin Landry is here,” Ethan explained to her. “This is your opportunity to seduce him. My target is Judy. As long as we keep them apart, we will get what we want.”
“And you’re sure this will work?” She asked, narrowing her eyes at him. She refused to be humiliated again in front of Gavin.
He smirked at her.
“Trust me, Daisy,” he said. “It’s only a matter of time before Judy cracks.”
They checked into the room they purchased and then went to meet with Alpha Levi who was expecting them. He sat in the conference room, which was empty, his fingers tapping on the wooden table as Ethan and Daisy walked in. He stared between the two of them, assessing them carefully before he motioned for them to sit in the seats in front of him.
They did so without hesitation.
He slid a folder across the table towards them.noveldrama
“This is all the information you’ll need,” Levi said, his eyes narrowed. “There are room numbers and room keys in there too for both Judy and Gavin. Use them wisely.”
“I don’t understand,” Daisy said, folding her arms across her chest. She only knew
a little about Ehtan working with Levi, but she was still confused about what was truly wanted and why Levi was helping them like this. “What’s in it for you?”
“That’s for me to know,” he said, his tone bitter and his eyes icy, he poured his gaze into Daisy. She shifted in her seat uncomfortably, somehow believing she was making a deal with the devil, and he would soon eat her alive. “You are dismissed,” he said with a final wave of his hand like he was swatting away a fly.
Ethan stood without hesitation, already knowing his way, but Daisy remained, her gaze fixed on his.
“No harm will come to him, right?” She asked, her tone was steadier than she felt.
Levi only smirked, he didn’t reply. He didn’t need to reply. Daisy’s blood went cold, and Ethan wasn’t going to let her ruin this for him. He grabbed her by the arm and yanked her to her feet, making her stumble. She glared at him with wide eyes, confused by the sudden gesture and change in attitude.
“Let’s go,” he said through his teeth as he dragged her out of the conference room, only the sounds of Levi’s dark chuckle could be heard as the door slowly shut behind them. Daisy pulled her arm out of Ethan’s once they were a good enough distance away.
“Why are you working with him? You know he wants the downfall of Gavin, right? He’s been his biggest enemy for years,” Daisy said, her eyes narrowed. “You can’t trust him.”
“Because he’s the only one who can get me what I want at this point,” Ethan said through his teeth. “He’ll break Gavin down and then you’ll be there to pick up the pieces and put him back together again. While I’ll be off with my mate and being the Alpha of the Redmoon pack with her by my side, just like it should have been from the start.”
“Do you really think this plan will work?” She asked.
“Yes,” he replied without any hesitation. “But we need to work together to make sure that it works. Now, I need to know. Are you with me… or are you against me?”
Gavin’s POV
“Delta Montague will be released from prison later this evening,” Beta Taylor said on the phone. “And his house had been rebought from under the Cash family so there shouldn’t be any more issues.”
###Take 375
“Make sure he’s also able to continue his business as well. I don’t want them to have to worry about anything,” I ordered.
“Yes, sir,” Taylor, I could hear the smile in his voice; it made me roll my eyes as I ended the call without saying another word.
I sat in the resort bar, sipping scotch, thinking about my last encounter with Judy. I could practically taste her on my lips still and my cock twitched in my pants at the very thought. Tomorrow was the last day for the competition; tomorrow would determine the winner. I had already made up my mind though; I was going to ask her to be in the Elite force for my pack, whether she won or not. She more than earned her spot on the force and I wasn’t going to allow her to work for anyone else. Especially not Levi.
A presence beside him made him freeze and he turned to see a familiar figure seated beside him, her curly blond hair draped around her shoulders and crowning her features as she grinned at him. Instead of feeling attraction, he felt annoyed.
“What the fuck are you doing here, Daisy?” He asked, his annoyance palpable. “Can’t I come to a famous resort?” She asked innocently, batting her long lashes. “It’s just a coincidence that you happen to be here too. Or maybe it’s fate.”
“Fate has nothing to do with it,” I murmur, downing the rest of my scotch before I stand up. “If you’ll excuse me.”
“You’re going to make me buy my own drink? Is that any way to treat an old friend, Gavin?” Daisy asked, her bottom lip jetting out in a pout.
A low growl escaped my throat.
“You are not a friend.”
“That hurts,” she said, standing to her feet, her body swaying as she walked towards me. “And here I thought I meant something to you. After all, I do know your darkest secrets.”
My body tensed as I watched her; her eyes glinting with mischief.
“What is it you want, Daisy?” I asked through my teeth, not in the mood for her games.
“Take me to dinner tonight,” she said, her tone though sweet, still held a bite to it. “That’s all I want… just one evening being dined by the great Gavin Landry.” My eyes darkened.
“Why?”
She shrugged and gave me a playful smirk, which didn’t quite reach her eyes.
“No reason; I just want to catch up,” she said innocently as she batted her long and dark lashes. “Is that too much to ask?”
I swallowed, my jaw tense. The last thing I wanted was to be caught dead out and about with Daisy Baldwin; her motives were never pure and hadn’t been since I married Melissa all those years ago. I didn’t trust her, and she knew this.
“Don’t look at me like that, Gavin. It hurts my feelings… and you won’t like me when my feelings are hurt,” she said, a darkness in her eyes put my wolf on edge.
“Don’t you fucking threaten me,” I said in a low and threatening growl.
She smirked and stepped closer to me, her lips against my ear as she whispered,
“It would be such a shame if your secrets go to your precious Judy.”
I clenched my fists.noveldrama
“You are asking for death, Daisy,” I hissed.
She giggled and stepped back.
“It doesn’t matter if you kill me. I’m not the only one here who knows. Did you really think she wasn’t being watched?”
My heart hammered in my chest at the thought of others being around, knowing my secrets, and keeping watch over Judy, waiting for the opportunity to strike. I wanted to throw her over my shoulder and run from this country; I wanted to take her somewhere else safer. Somewhere away from here.
My fists clenched at my sides as my nails dug into the palms of my hands. Daisy smirked again, knowing she had me where she wanted me.
“Just dinner, and I’ll make sure your secret never gets revealed to her.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“Just dinner?” I asked, my resolve was cracking slightly.
She nodded.
“Yes,” she confirmed, folding her arms across her chest.
“Fine,” I muttered. “I’ll pick you up tonight, but Daisy, if you breathe a word about
this to anyone… and I’ll make sure my face is the last one you see.”
With that threat hanging in the air, I turned and stormed out.
###Take 376
Judy’s POV
Despite the good news from my parents about them being able to move home soon, my wolf was on edge. Something was wrong and I couldn’t quite figure out what it was. I classified it as basic nerves for what was about to come tomorrow. It was the finals for this competition, and it would determine the winner. If we weren’t careful, we could lose our lives. My wolf wasn’t the type to back down or surrender, so I worried getting her to submit would be hard, if not impossible.
“Are you okay?” Nan asked when she noticed my expression. I was struggling at keeping my wolf under control. Something was seriously wrong with her right now and it worried me.
I nodded though, not wanting to worry my best friend.
“Yeah, I think I just need some air,” I told her truthfully, my heart hammering in my chest.
She nodded, a small frown marring her lips as she watched me leave the hotel suite. She didn’t follow after me, which I was grateful for. I wasn’t sure why, but I just needed to be alone for a little while. I needed to clear my thoughts and settle my wolf before she did something she would regret.
I didn’t get to make it outside though.
“Miss Montague,” Alpha Levi said, falling into step beside me. “Mind if I have a word with you?”
I frowned up at him, not sure what he could possibly want to speak to me about, but he was in charge of this competition so maybe it was related.
I nodded my head slowly.
“Of course, Alpha,” I said to him.
“Are you prepared for tomorrow?” He asked me, his eyes searching my face for something I wasn’t sure what.
I nodded, though I wasn’t entirely sure myself if I was prepared or not.
“Yes, Alpha,” I told him. “As prepared as I can be.”
“That’s good to hear. I have high hopes for you tomorrow,” he surprised me by saying. “I recruited you for a reason and that’s because I have faith in your abitlies. You are going to make the Elite team a stronger force with your presence.
“That’s if I win, Alpha,” I remind him. “There’s no guarantees to that.”
He nodded thoughtfully.
“Still, I’d like to offer you a position with the Elite team in pack,” he shocked me by saying.
My mouth nearly fell open. Being invited to the Elite team without having won the competition yet was a huge deal. But did I really want to work under Alpha Levi instead of Gavin? Then again, Gavin didn’t offer me any kind of position and I wasn’t sure if he was going to or not.noveldrama
For right now, I need to keep my options open and take what I can get.
“Wow, that’s a huge honor,” I told him thoughtfully. “But are you sure it’s me you want? There are other great candidates.”
“Nobody can do what you can,” he told me. “You are a very unique individual and it would be an honor to have you working for me on the Elite team. I still want you to try your best tomorrow, but just know, you’ve already won in my eyes.”
A smile tipped the corner of my lips.
“Thank you, Alpha,” I said, bowing my head out of respect to him. “That means a lot coming from a Lycan.”
He nodded, his eyes sparkling with something I couldn’t quite understand but I chose not to dwell on it for much longer. The longer we spoke, the more on edge my wolf was. She was desperate to go out and shift. I didn’t want to shift right now though because there was no telling what she would do and where she’d go if she did break free from me. Right now, it felt as if I was the only thing holding her back from doing something reckless.
“Think about what I said and get back to me soon,” he said, holding out his hand for me to shake.
I reached my hand out and he took it gently, bringing it to his lips. The kiss was featherlike, and he held my eyes the entire time, something dancing in his gaze that I couldn’t quite pin. As he kissed my knuckles, he lowered my hand back down, his fingers lingering a bit longer than necessary before he released me. “Until next time,” he said and then he turned and left without another word.
I was still reeling from that conversation when I stepped outside. It was quiet outside; most were either at dinner or somewhere else in the resort. The night air was cool against my warm flesh and the moon hung lazily in the sky, casting its rays down on the gorgeous resort.
Though it was peaceful, and the air was nice in my lungs, my wolf was still clearly on edge.
###Take 377
“What’s wrong?” I whispered to her, hoping for some kind of answer.
But all I got in return was silence. I placed my hand on my chest, feeling my rapid heartbeat, my brows furrowed.
“Congratulations on making it to the final round.”
His voice cut through my thoughts and suddenly, without even looking, I knew why my wolf was on edge. I spun around, my eyes wide as I stared at my ex-mate, my heart in my throat.
“Ethan?” I asked, my voice rough as I stared into his eyes. “W…what are you doing here?”
“Can’t I come and support my mate on her victory?” Ethan asked, stepping towards me.
I immediately stepped back; I hated that he still affected my wolf whenever he was around. I should have known that was the reason for her being on edge for the last few hours. He must have arrived here earlier today, and she could sense him nearby.
“We stopped being mates the second you cheated on me,” I said, folding my arms across my chest and glaring at him with my lips pressed together. “So, I’ll ask again, why are you here?”
He narrowed his eyes.
“You still wear my mark on your neck,” he said, his eyes scanning my neck where his mark remained. I reached up and touched it; he was right. I wore his mark, and I hated every second of it. Every time he fucked another woman I could feel it; though the pain was hardly there anymore, it still did wonders on my wolf knowing that our mate was with someone else.
“This mark was a mistake,” I hissed. “Clearly nothing but a joke to you.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, Judy,” he said, stepping closer to me. “My mark is not
a joke… it’s a symbol of our mating. We were good together once, remember?”
“Yeah, and then you chose Irene over me,” I said through my teeth. “You broke our mating the second you chose someone else, Ethan.”
“We broke up,” Ethan said, holding his hands up in mock surrender. “So, you don’t have to worry about her anymore.”
“Yeah, I heard about your breakup,” I said, rolling my eyes. “You are pathetic, Ethan. I don’t trust you. You’ll only cheat on me again. I don’t understand what you even want with me.”
“I want my mate back,” he said, his wolf flashing through his eyes. “And I’m not going to give up without a fight.”noveldrama
“Give it up,” I said, shaking my head. “First, you cheat on me, and then you ask me to be your mistress… now you want me back? You are delusional if you think for a second, I would ever consider taking you back.”
I turn away from him, fully understanding why my wolf was on edge now. satisfied that I have answers and can settle her, I started to head back inside.
“Do you really think Gavin Landry cares about you?” He asked, making me freeze momentarily. “He doesn’t care about you at all, Judy. Not like I do.”
“You have no idea what you are talking about,” I said through my teeth.
“I know you are sleeping with him,” Ethan said, stepping closer to me. I refused to turn around to look at him, but I knew he was getting closer. “I can feel it just like you can feel when I’m with others. I know you care for him… possibly even falling for him. But he doesn’t feel the same way, Judy. For him, you are just an easy fuck. No strings attached, quick pussy.”
I spun around and slapped him in the face; his head jerked to the side and his eyes flashed red for a moment.
“Don’t you dare speak to me like that,” I hissed. “You know nothing about anything. Leave me alone, Ethan.”
With that, I stormed back inside, leaving him standing outside, watching after me.
I didn’t stop walking until I was in the elevator, heading back to the top floor. I stepped out of the elevator and started towards my room but paused outside of Gavin’s room. I stood at the door for a brief moment before I took a deep breath and knocked on it. I wasn’t sure what I was doing; it was kind of late and it was definitely stupid, but I couldn’t help myself. So much had happened today, and he was the only one I really wanted to talk to about it all.
I rose early and knocked on the door.
I waited with bated breath, hearing shuffling and then the doorknob turned. Once the door opened, my heart fell deep into my stomach.
A woman stared back at me, she was wearing nothing, but a robe and her blonde curls looked disheveled from the bed as she gave me a small smile, a sparkle of something in her eyes.
“Can we help you?”
###Take 378
Judy’s POV
I stood shellshocked, staring at the woman in front of me. I glanced at the door number to make sure it was the right door. Maybe in my haste and while I was lost in thought, I accidentally knocked on the right door. But as I glanced at the number, my heart sank. It was Gavin’s room and there was a woman, dressed in nothing but a robe, opening the door.
She tugged her robe a bit more closed as she studied me, a small frown marring her lips when I didn’t say anything. I wasn’t sure what to say; my entire body felt hot and numb at the same time and my heart was cracking. She was gorgeous and tall like a supermodel, a dark contrast of difference between us, making me feel sick to my stomach.noveldrama
“We didn’t order room service,” she soon said, breaking the silence that was practically consuming us.
“Is Gavin here?” I found myself asking, my coming out as nothing but a whisper. She raised her brows as she studied me even further and then realized crossed her face as she let out a soft laugh.
“He’s in the shower,” she told me. “He needed to bathe after our night of passion,” she added, her cheeks flushing pink, the same shade as mine. Only mine was flushed pink for a different reason. “You’re Judy, right?”
I blinked, surprised that she knew my name.
“Uh… yeah,” I said, my tone indifferent as I stared around her face. The more I looked at her, the more familiar she started to seem. “Have we met?”
She nodded and bit her lower lip.
“Only briefly when you were out to dinner with him. I thought it was a date, but he told me it was only a business dinner. Congrats on your job working for his family. I’m sure your family could really use the money after everything that happened with them.”
Realization dawned on me; I did know who she was. I remembered her that night at the restaurant, but I didn’t know that he had spoken to her since.
Daisy Baldwin.
She looked different with her hair down and no makeup on. But she was still beautiful, and her eyes sparkled with something I didn’t quite understand.
“Are you okay, sweetheart?” She asked, her concern not genuine…at least it didn’t seem like it was. “You look kind of pale,” she pointed out.
“I… uhm…” I tried to say, but it felt like my world was closing in around me.
Gavin was seeing someone?
He was with Daisy Baldwin?
Since when?
I thought he couldn’t stand her. I thought the point of our agreement was to get Daisy and his family off his back.
I thought that’s why he wanted me…
I stepped away from the door, feeling embarrassed and lied to all at once. Tears burning in my eyes, and I hated that I was allowing him to affect me like this.
“You are mine, and I always protect what is mine.” His words replayed in my head… what did that even mean if he’s been sleeping with Daisy too? Was she also his? My heart cracked at the thought and my wolf whimpered from the pain. She also felt dejected and lied to.
“He doesn’t care about you.” Ethan’s words were replaying in my mind now and I’m starting to think, maybe he was right. Maybe Gavin truly did not care about
me.
Was this all a joke to him?
I felt sick to my stomach.
I was so busy with my inner turmoil, I barely noticed Daisy stepping out of the room, her arms folded across her chest.
“Look, Hun, I don’t know what’s going on here, but you are kind of dampening the mood. I was having a nice evening with my man and he’s about to come out of the shower soon. I’d rather you not be here when he does. If there isn’t an issue with Matthew, then I suggest you head on back to your room. Thank you for all you do. You are a wonderful babysitter.”
My mouth hung open; she thought I was Matt’s babysitter? What was Gavin telling her
It felt like someone stabbed me in the chest.
“Where are Matt and Irene?” I finally mustered up some words.
She raised her brows.
“I assumed they were with you. Gavin sent them away so we can have some alone time for the evening,” she said, winking. “If you know what I mean.”
I nodded, suddenly feeling numb.
“I see,” I whispered, my voice coming out unfamiliar. “I’m sorry to bother you,” I whispered and turned away quickly, tears burning in my eyes.
“Judy?” Daisy said just as I was about to hurry away, I froze for a moment, waiting for her to continue. “Thank you for keeping his bed warm for me. But now that we are together, you aren’t needed for that particular task anymore. I hope you understand.”
I stood frozen, not sure what to say. Thankfully, she didn’t give me an option on what to say because she slipped back into the room and shut the door behind her.
###Take 379
After a long while, I finally got the courage to move and return to my room for the night. The second I was behind the closed doors and saw that I was alone, I burst into tears, crying until I couldn’t cry anymore.
“She’s been crying all night,” I heard Nan whispering. “Since we got back from dinner.”
“What do you think happened/” Chester asked, his concern clear as he spoke in a whispered tone, as if I wasn’t awake and could hear everything they were saying. At least they were getting along even though their common dominator was me.
“If I were to guess, I’d say it’s Gavin related,” Nan said thoughtfully.
“She has the final round of the competition today; this isn’t good,” he said, shaking his head. “She’s unfocused.”
I sit up in bed and glare at them.
“You know I can hear you, right?” I ask, staring between them. “And I assure you, my performance today will be fine.”
I quickly get out of bed and grab my workout clothes, my brain a jumbled mess
after last night. I could feel their eyes on me still though and I hated it. I hated that
I was someone they were now concerned about. I hated that I was someone becoming unstable; someone they needed to be wary of.
“We are here if you want to tell us what happened,” Nan said softly as she watched me roam around the room, collecting my things before I went into the bathroom. I stared at myself in the mirror, fully realizing why they were so concerned. I looked awful. My face was red and blotchy, my eyes were puffy, my nose was glowing red, and I had tear streaks down my cheeks. I also had dark bags under my eyes and my lower lip was bruised from biting it after a night of stifling sobs.
I hated that I looked this pathetic, and it was all because of a stupid guy.noveldrama
I quickly dressed, threw my hair in a pony and splashed some cold water on my face. I tried to force a smile, but it looked fake, so I gave up.
Nan and Chester were still watching me as I walked out of the bathroom, and I froze at the sight of their eyes on me.
I sighed.
“Glad you two have common grounds,” I murmured.
“We care about you,” Chester said with a shrug. “That cancels any of the tension between us.”
Nan nodded in agreement; her eyes still fixed on my face.
I didn’t like concerning them like this.
I sighed.
“Gavin was with another woman last night,” I murmured.
Nan’s brows furrowed.
“Wait what?” She asked. “Are you sure?”
I nodded.
“I went to his hotel room last night and Daisy Baldwin opened the door. She was naked, only wearing a robe and she looked disheveled.”
Nan shook her head.
“But Irene and Matt are staying with him.”
“They went out apparently,” I murmured. “I don’t know. It was kind of late, so maybe he bought them another hotel room for the night so he can sleep with Daisy.”
“Did you actually see him?” Nan pressed, not buying any of this.
“I didn’t have to see him,” I muttered. “Daisy said he was in the shower.”
“And you believed her?”
“How else would she end up in his room?” I asked. “Naked and disheveled looking.”
“Yeah, it’s hard to get a key when you aren’t the account holder,” Chester said, rolling his eyes and thinking about his own experience.
“She’s a Baldwin; it wouldn’t be hard for her,” Nan murmured.
I shook my head as tears filled my eyes; I hated crying, especially in front of
others. I was stronger than this.
“It’s fine,” I said softly. “Oh, and Ethan is here, which is great.”
“What” Nan gasped. “At the same time as Daisy? This explains everything. This has Ethan written all over it.”
I shook my head and wiped my eyes.
“He doesn’t know her, and I doubt Daisy would involve herself with Ethan and his stupidity,” I muttered. “Let’s face it, Nan. I was played for a fool by a Landry. I shouldn’t be surprised.”
“It just doesn’t sound like him,” Nan said softly. “I don’t understand…”
“You don’t have to understand. It’s the facts. Gavin played me… he’s with Daisy and now I’m the stupid one with a broken heart.”
I glanced at the time and sighed. I was going to be late, and I promised I’d meet Tabby beforehand.
“I have to get to the arena and somehow get through this competition. Then, I’m quitting my job and going to try and move on,” I told her, as I walked past her.
“What is your plan for work?” She asked, her brows furrowed.
“Alpha Levi offered me a job earlier…” I told her softly. “I’ll think I’ll take him up on the offer.” With those words left in the air, I stepped out of the hotel room.
###Take 380
“Tell me again why you dragged us to the gym so early in the morning?” Irene asked as she rested her head against the weight machine.
Matt was practicing his aiming at the archery station, and I was lifting weights, seated next to Irene.
“Family bonding,” I said with a grin. “You wanted to get your mind off your failed engagement, you can’t do that cooped up in the suite all day.”
She rolled her eyes in a typical Irene fashion.noveldrama
“The sun isn’t even up yet,” she murmured. We already went out last night as a family. Do we really need to spend the morning together, too?”
“The last day of the competition is today so I won’t have a lot of time later,” I explained, grunting as I lifted the weight, my bicep bulging.
She sighed and continued to lift her dumbbell.
“So, how was your date with Daisy Baldwin?” Irene asked, smirking.
I froze for a moment and looked at her.
“It wasn’t a date,” I muttered.
Irene laughed and waved off my concern.
“I’m just kidding, Dad. Obviously, it wasn’t a date. I mean, you got back way too early last night. Like super early. We had time to not only go swimming, but also get ice-cream after you got back from dinner.”
It was true; it was only dinner. It took a little over an hour and then we returned to the hotel. I barely even said goodbye to her as I went to my suite and then took my kids out for some much-needed family time.
“So, did you tell Judy you went out with Daisy?” Irene suddenly asked.
I froze again and narrowed my eyes at her.
“Why would I need to tell Judy anything about who I went out with?” I asked, my tone coming out harsher than I intended.
She rolled her eyes again and put the weight down, turning to me, giving me her full attention.
“I’m not blind or stupid, Dad. Neither is Matt. We see the way you are with each other… the way you look at her. You like her way more than you are letting on. Something tells me if she finds out you went out with Daisy, she’s going to be upset…”
This was a conversation that I didn’t want to have with my daughter, but I knew her… she was stubborn like her mother always was and she wasn’t going to let me get out of this conversation.
“Judy is aware of the kind of relationship we have,” I told her.
“Is she?” Irene asked, raising her brows. “And what kind of relationship is that, Dad?”
“The kind that’s not your business,” I shot back. “Why the sudden concern for me and Judy?”
She shrugged casually.
“I don’t want to see either of you get hurt, that’s all. Honestly, Dad. If you have feelings for her, you should tell her. And don’t let her find out about your dinner date with Daisy from anyone else. If I know Auntie Daisy, I know she’ll try something to hurt Judy.”
My blood went cold at her words and Irene could see the realization dawning on my face because she gave me a satisfied smirk, having gotten through to me. I put the weight down and turned to look at her.
“Will you and Matt be okay here?” I asked. “I have somewhere to be.”
Irene nodded.
“We’ll be fine,” she assured me. “We will meet you in the arena later.”
I nodded and took off without another word.
Judy’s POV
My first instinct was to go to the gym this morning, but I decided against it and started to just head towards the arena instead. Maybe I can catch wind on what this next part of the competition was.
Tabby and a few others were also in the arena when I arrived and she smiled when she saw me, however her smile faltered when she saw the distant look on my face. I’m sure my eyes were still red and puffy from spending the night crying as well.
She excused herself from the others and met me the rest of the way.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” she asked, assessing my face carefully.
I shook my head, not wanting to get into it.
“It’s nothing,” I murmur. “Any word on what the last competition is?”
“Chuck said it’s going to be a fight match,” she told me. “Accept this time, nothing is off limits.”
I nodded, already guessing as much.
“Same rules? Fight to the death unless the other person surrenders?”
She nodded.
“Are you going to be okay to compete? You kind of look unwell,” she pointed out, assessing my worn-out features, flushed cheeks, red nose, and puffy eyes.
“I’ll be fine,” I assured her. “I just didn’t get that much sleep last night, but it’s nothing to be concerned about. Maybe I’ll grab an energy drink from the vending machine,” I suggested.
###Take 381
She frowned as she watched me walk towards the training center; there were two vending machines right outside the door. One with healthy snacks, and the other with waters, Gatorades, and energy drinks.
“You know those aren’t good for you, right?” She asked, following after me. “Plus, you might crash out later.”
I went to grab my wallet from my bag to grab some singles, ignoring her warning. I grabbed a few dollars and chose the drink that didn’t sound awful. As soon as the can popped out, I opened it and took a sip, wincing at the taste.
She frowned at me and folded her arms across her chest.
“Seriously, what’s wrong with you?” She asked. “You seem off… not yourself. Are you focused because this part of the competition is crucial?”noveldrama
“I’ll be ready,” I told her. “You don’t need to worry about me. Just worry about yourself.”
She went to open her mouth to speak again but closed it when she saw Gavin approaching. He walked with determination in his steps and my entire body froze at the sight of him. His shirt was off and the sweat on his muscly body indicated he either came from the gym, or he got another type of workout this morning. The thought turned my stomach.
I refused to break down in front of him though. I had to keep myself strong.
“Can we talk?” He asked, ignoring Tabby’s presence.
“I’ll see you in a bit,” Tabby murmured as she walked away.
I took another sip of my drink without meeting his eyes.
“Those aren’t good for you,” he said, narrowing his eyes. “You should drink water before the competition.”
“I’ll be fine,” I told him. “I don’t need you to be concerned about me too.”
“Hey, wait,” he said before I could turn around and walk away. “What’s wrong with you? Did you sleep last night?”
I pressed my lips in a thin line, not wanting to get into why I hadn’t slept. Clearly Daisy didn’t tell him about my visit last night or about how little talk.
“I slept fine,” I lied.
“Judy, look at me,” he demanded.
My traitorous body immediately met his eyes; I was convinced that he Alpha commanded me, making it impossible for me to resist. Upon seeing the look on my face and the pain in my eyes, his eyes darkened.
“What’s wrong?” His voice dropped to a mere whisper.
I pressed my lips in a thin line, refusing to cry in front of him.
“Why do you care?” I asked him.
Was about to turn away, but he grabbed my arm and pulled me through the training center doors; there weren’t many in the training center at this hour, and there were fewer watching eyes, so he’d be able to talk to me in private.
He pressed me against a wall, his body mere inches from mine.
“I’m not in the mood for your mind games, Judy. Tell me what the fuck is wrong before I compel you to tell me,” he growled, his wolf flashing through his eyes.
I stared at him in shock; he wouldn’t dare… would he?
“I know you were with Daisy last night,” I said, my tone filled with a vulnerability I hated that was leaking through.
His eyes flashed something that I didn’t recognize; my heart was in my throat, and I wanted to push off him and run for the hills, but I remained stagnant.
“My relationship with Daisy isn’t your concern,” he finally said, crushing my heart even further.
“We’ve been sleeping together; I thought I deserved to know if there was another woman involved,” I said through my teeth.
His eyes flashed dangerously.
“There isn’t-” he started to say, but he was soon interrupted by a familiar voice.
“Oh, Gavin. There you are,” Daisy said, approaching us, a frown marring her lips as she looked between Gavin and me. Her eyes darkened when she saw how close Gavin was to me and then she gazed flickered back to him. “I don’t mean to interrupt. I thought we could watch the finals together…”
He opened his mouth to speak, but I spoke first.
“You’re not interrupting,” I said quickly. “We were just finished here.”
I pushed him off and started towards the door, but just as I reached the door, I
turned back to him, his eyes remained on mine, dark and trying hard to keep his control.
“I deserved to know the truth,” I whispered.
With that, I turned and walked out of the training center.
###Take 382
Gavin’s POV
I turned to glare at Daisy.
“What the hell are you doing here, Daisy?” I asked, my tone gruff and annoyed. I was still confused about my interaction with Judy and not in the mood to deal with Daisy right now.
She frowned at me, folding her arms across her chest as she narrowed her eyes.
“I thought we had a nice time last night. I wanted to see if we could watch the competition together?” She asked, a bit taken aback by my harsh and aggravated tone.
“I’m watching it with the other Lycans,” I said, my eyes narrowed. “Last night was only dinner. There wasn’t anything more to it. Don’t overthink it.”
I started to walk away, but she grabbed my arm, making my wolf snarl from her touch. She quickly pulled her hand back, her eyes wide as she stared into my eyes.
“You never used to be like this before,” she said, folding her arms across her chest.
“A lot has changed,” I told her. “I’m not going to continue entertaining you.”
With that, I turned and walked back towards the arena. As I stepped outside, my eyes immediately found Judy who was with her friend Tabby. She looked upset and Tabby was watching her warily. My chest tightened; she wasn’t focused, so she could lose this competition. She was also stubborn, so she wasn’t going to surrender easily. It meant that there was a good chance she could get hurt during this final competition… or worse.
I just wish I knew why she was so pissed off about me having dinner with Daisy. It’s not like anything happened between us. It’s not like I brought Daisy back to the room and fucked her and then immediately went to Judy and fuck her. I wouldn’t do something that gross. My relationship with Daisy wasn’t her concern, but if it directly impacted her in any way, of course I would have told her sooner.
She was the only one I was sleeping with; the only one I cared to sleep with right now. My wolf agreed with my inner monologue; she was the only one he would allow to touch us without growling. That’s only happened twice in my life; once with my late wife, and the other with someone I’d spent a long time trying to forget.
“I’d watch your back,” Mica said as he stepped beside me, his eyes following mine to Judy. “I saw Levi talking to her earlier. I think he’s trying to convince her to join his Elite force.”
My jaw tightened and a low growl emerged from my lips. I tried to suppress the fury and rage building inside me, but I knew it was palpable to those around me and those who aren’t.
Judy wasn’t going to be working with Levi, and I’ll do everything in my power to keep that from happening. I didn’t bother responding to Mica, I went across the arena and towards my chair, preparing for the finale to start all while keeping my eyes locked on Judy. If I catch any sign of Levi snooping around her, I will step in between them and make sure it’s the last thing he ever does.noveldrama
Judy’s POV
“Are you sure you got this?” Tabby asked for the hundredth time, assessing my face.
I nodded; I appreciated her concern, but I was going to be just fine. It didn’t matter that my heart was shattered, this only drove purpose.
The arna filled up quickly; Nan arrived with Chester, Irene, and Matt. They sat near the Lycan chairs, Irene directly behind Gavin. She leaned forward to say something to her and he nodded thoughtfully. Her eyes flashed to me, and she gave me a warm smile with a wave. It was weird being her friend again after months of hostility and plotting. Buti was glad we made it back to this point. I waved at Matt who was eagerly watching me, waving both hands in the air for me, making a small smile tip the corner of my lips. The first real smile I had since last night.
“There she is,” Tabby said, nudging me. “And it only took a 7-year-old.”
I shrugged.
“What can I say? I’m a sucker for adorable faces.”
She chuckles and pats me on the back.
“We got this,” she said softly. I nodded in agreement, repeating her words and feeling the weight of them on my tongue.
As the buzzer sounded, indicating everyone to silence for the announcer, my heart skipped a beat. I truly needed to focus, or else I could lose. The last one standing wins the competition. There were about 20 of us left and it was going to be a mosh pit of fighting. The weaponry was open, which meant we could use any weapon; we could also shift if we wanted, or not. Nothing was off limits this round and that was terrifying.
###Take 383
Everyone got into position, ready for the fight to begin.
The unseen announcer spoke to the audience, getting them hyped for the final round and explaining what was going to happen. Once everything was set in motion, the countdown began. The audience chanted along with the announcer and then the buzzer went off.
It was mayhem. I relied on my smarts to get myself out of the middle of the fight. I was always been taught, if I don’t need to fight, then don’t. I would let them fight with one another, tire each other out, and then I’ll join. Nothing is off limits; fight smarter, not harder.
I ran as fast as I could; I could hear a few in wolf forms chasing me down, but due to the amount of hours I’ve practiced, I was arguably faster in my human form than these wolves were. I managed to cascade myself in the tree line just inside the arena. I managed to climb a nearby tree, making it hard for the wolves following me to get to me. I climbed until I reached the top, my eyes scanning the area. In the distance, I saw the fight continue, Tabby was using a sword to fight, and there were some who hadn’t bothered to shift yet, Chuck included.
The drones high in the sky captured everything; the wolves that followed me were attempting to climb the tree but failing miserably, making me smirk down at them.
There are a number of competitors who were eliminated already, bringing it from 20 to 15.
As tiem went on, the numbers continued to drop; Tabby was still in the running.
An arrow flew right towards me and I managed to dodge it just in time before it impaled my head. It stuck in the trunk behind me, my heart in my throat. I grabbed the arrow and used my wolf senses to find where it came from. I saw Sherry in the distance, her eyes focused on me. She was also on a tree, and she was in her human form. A Bow and Arrow in her hands as she lined up another arrow.noveldrama
Just as the second arrow went straight towards me, I grabbed the one in the trunk and threw it back at her as hard as I could. It went surprisingly hard and fast for someone who didn’t have a bow.
She obviously wasn’t prepared for it either because it caught her off guard as it stuck her arm, making her drop the bow to the ground.
The second arrow that I knocked off course turned directions and plunged one of the wolves on the ground in the shoulder, making him howl out in pain.
I winced as blood splattered across the forest ground, but I couldn’t show signs of remorse, not right now.
As Sherry attempted to climb down the tree to retrieve her bow, wincing with each step she made because of a new injury, I stripped out of my clothes. The second wolf that had followed me was too focused on the one on the ground and in pain; they were clearly friends if they weren’t attacking one another.
I quickly shifted into my wolf form and lunged at him, jumping from the top of the tree and towards his neck, my teeth elongated as my wolf took complete control of my human form.
He howled and hissed as I hung onto his neck, digging my teeth into it until his blood spilled into my mouth. He shifted back into his human form, gasping and crying for mercy.
“I surrender!” He announced. “Please, don’t kill me.”
Satisfied, I released him and nudged his side with my nose. He knew exactly what
I was after. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the white flag.
“I surrender!” He announced the drone that was watching everything above our heads. He waved the flag in the air for all to see. I could hear gasps and cries from the arena stadium; I could also hear a ton of cheers.
I quickly moved on, to find Sherry. She was holding her arm in pain as she pulled another arrow out of her quiver and attempted to put it onto her bow.
Her arm was dripping with blood, and she looked like she was in a lot of pain.
At that moment, I heard Tabby screaming and my heart was lurching. I glanced back at Sherry, whose hands were trembling.
I’ll come back for her, I turned and ran back towards the arena, leaving Sherry in my path.
###Take 384
Judy’s POV
As I run back to the arena in wolf form, I see Tabby fighting with Chuck; there aren’t a lot more fighters, so this was my chance to really show them what I got. Chuck was significantly bigger than the rest of us, including the remaining guys and Tabby was tiny in comparison. She fought with him fiercely though, using her sword as an extra shield as he went off on her.
She dodged and counter-attacked like a pro. I saw she had cuts on her legs and torso, indicating a tough fight. I wondered if they were from Chuck.
She attempted to dodge another attack, but this time he anticipated her move and counter attacked. He had her pinned to the ground in a heartbeat and his own sword raised above her head, his eyes dark with intentions.
She screamed again, fear in her eyes. She struggled to reach for her white flag, but it didn’t seem to matter. He was about to kill her without any mercy. I let out a fierce growl as I lunged at him, my canines digging into his ankles, making him yelp in pain. He whipped around, attempting to get me with his sword, but he missed by a hair, and I dug my teeth even deeper into his ankle.
He attempted to throw me off, but I was relentless and let out another furious growl.
Tabby managed to wiggle out from beneath Chuck and grab her own sword. Instead of cutting him with the blade end of the sword, she swung the metal handle at his hand, making him fall backwards with a giant welt on his head.
At that point, I finally released him, tasting his blood that coated my canines and dripped off my fur.
I was still pent up and pissed; I bared my teeth at him. He immediately shifted into his large wolf and lunged at me; his injuries long forgotten as his wolf quickly worked to heal him. He had me pinned to the ground for a minute, taking me off guard, but I snapped my teeth in his face and got hold of his neck. I might be small, but I was fast, unpredictable and my teeth were sharp.
He also got a hold of my neck at the same time; he was strong, so he was able to lift me up, forcing me to release my own hold on him. He whipped me around, making the crowd gasp. I could only imagine how it must have looked. He tossed me away like I was nothing but trash.
I flew through the air, landing on the ground with a thud. I winced in pain as I felt something snapping out of place in my shoulder.
I lifted my head to see Tabby now shifting and lunging at Chuck; a few others were also joining in on the fight. There weren’t many left, which meant this competition was about to end just as soon as only one competitor remained.
I tried to gather my thoughts and willpower; I needed my wolf to hurry and heal me a little so I can continue on with this fight.
I glanced out into the stadium and my eyes immediately found Gavin’s; my heart lurched at the sight of him. The heartache I had felt all night came rushing back to me and even my wolf whimpered in despair. He was standing tall, his eyes glued on me. They were dark and filled with what seemed like worry and concern.
It only infuriated me more. Who did he think he was? He had no right to worry about me after he just spent a passionate night with another woman. A low growl escaped my throat as I glared at Gavin, making him frown. My anger only fueled me even further as I turned away and focused my attention back to the fight.
There were only a few people left, one other wolf, Tabby, Chuck, and—
Just as the thought came to me, an arrow flew through the sky and struck the random wolf down. The others didn’t seem to notice, but I did. I quickly got out of the way as Sherry readied another arrow, pointing it directly at Tabby.
I roared for Tabby to get out of the way; but she was too preoccupied with Chuck. She didn’t notice the arrow flying straight towards her leg… not until it was too late.
She growled and hissed in pain as she fell to the ground. Taking that as an opportunity, Chuck plunged his sword into her stomach, making me scream out in wolf form.noveldrama
I ran towards her, tears threatening my eyes, but my view was blocked by Chuck’s giant wolf who came running at me in return. I was furious and scared for my friend; I wanted Chuck’s blood on my hands. I snapped at him, taking fur into my mouth and pulling out of his skin, making his hiss in pain, which came out strange in wolf form.
We fought for a while; both of us got some easy shots in. I mainly dodged the attacks he made on me, and I ran around him, hoping to tire him out. Part of being small meant I had more stamina than the larger wolves.
###Take 385
The medics were on the field quickly with their armor, shielding themselves from the fight. They were here to collect the injured, including Tabby. My heart lurched when I saw them lifting her on a stretcher from the corner of my eyes.
Sherry soon joined the fight, her bow and arrow in hand; she was still in human form and looked fierce. Her eyes were wild, and it made my heart hammer in my chest, wondering what it was she was planning.
She was now standing beside Chuck, both of them staring daggers at me. Chuck shifted and he said something to Sherry who nodded, a slow grin spreading across her lips. They were friends, so I knew they were going to team up against me and take me out. I didn’t stand a chance, they were incredible fighters, and they were allies. When it came down to it, it’ll be them competing for the prize and I would be left in the dirt.
I took a staggered step away from them, my eyes darting between the two of them as they both stepped towards me, their eyes fierce and determined.
Without any other thought, I tried to run past them and towards the weaponry room; if I could grab a weapon, any weapon, maybe I would stand a chance in my human form. My heart raced as my small wolf form managed to get past them, Chuck cursing as he was about to shift and hunt me down.
But then, to my shock, I heard him howl in pain and horror.
I turned as I continued running, shocked to find that Sherry had shot him with an arrow right in his chest, just missing his heart by a hair. Any closer, it would have pierced his heart, killing him.
She stood over him, readying another arrow. He looked up at her, pain striking his features and his eyes shining with betrayal.
She said something to him that I missed, just before she shot another arrow into his shoulder, keeping him pinned to the ground even further and in even more pain.
He howled out again, the sound echoing throughout the arena and shaking the ground.
She started to ready another arrow and pointed it directly at his head; his eyes were wide as he studied her face, understanding dawning on him.
He finally let his body relax, the look of defeat crossing his face. He glanced at his pants that lay on the ground a bit away from him and pointed to them. Without hesitation, Sherry went to his pants and dug around the pocket until she uncovered the white flag.
“I surrender…” Chuck whispered.
Satisfied, Sherry turned her attention to me; it was down to us. We were the only two left in the competition. The medics came out to collect Chuck who was cursing the whole time.
I went into the weaponry and grabbed some knives before shifting back into my human form. I left my clothes in the forest, so I was forced to be naked for this round.
I ran out of the weaponry with the knives, completely naked, but not caring at that moment. I swear I heard a dark growl coming from the stadium, but I shook my head; it had to have been my imagination.
“Guess it’s you and me,” Sherry said with a grin as she readied another arrow. “Hope you are prepared.”
She released the arrow, and it went towards me at lightning speed, but I was faster and dodged it with ease, flipping my body away from it like I was some kind of cheerleader. She continued releasing arrow after arrow, almost running out. I continued dodging them and flipping all around her.
She let out a growl of frustration. I took one of the knives and threw it at her during one of my flips, catching her off guard completely. It landed in her ankle, and she cried out in pain as she fell to the ground, blood splattering everywhere.
I threw another knife at her, landing myself in front of her, the knife plunged into her shoulder. She circled out, her eyes wild as she attempted to pull it out and throw it back at me. Her throw was weak though and filled with pain; I was able to catch the knife easily.
She shifted into her wolf form, her wounds not fully healed, and lunged at me. I was quick on my feet and recovered her bow and arrow, grabbing a couple bows off the ground and readying them.
Just as she lunged at me through the air, her teeth elongated, ready to dig into me, I released the arrow, watching it plunge right next to her heart.
Her angry elongated teeth immediately retracted, and she fell to the ground, completely unconscious.
The entire stadium was silent…
###Take 386
Judy’s POV
I shifted back into human form as I lay on the ground, staring at Sherry who remained unconscious, my heart beating rapidly in my chest. Had I killed her? I wasn’t aiming for her heart, I was aiming to miss her heart, I just wanted to knock her out, to get her away from me and to stop attacking. I didn’t mean to….
My thoughts were interrupted as the medics rushed past me and towards Sherry’s still body. I watched as they examined her, carefully removing the knife and the arrow from her body, attempting to stop the rapid bleeding and injecting her with something, and made her release a shuddering breath. Hearing her breath made my own heartbeat again and I felt the weight of the world crashing down around
me.
She was alive.
I hadn’t killed her.
I was too preoccupied in my own breathing and heartbeat that I didn’t hear what the doctors were saying to her. She still seemed out of it, not sure where she was, and the bleeding was constant; her wolf hadn’t started to heal her yet.
As the medics moved around her, trying to get her back on her feet as quickly as possible, the crowd still remained completely quiet; I wasn’t even sure if any of them were breathing.
I stared at Sherry’s pale face; her lip trembling and her eyes void of emotion as she struggled to keep her breath in check.
Another medic came out with supplies; they were trying to get her strong enough to continue the fight, but she looked so broke and weak at that moment.
Just as he knelt beside her and got to work, her eyes flickered to me and for a moment, I saw a hint of vulnerability and defeat in them.noveldrama
I kept my eyes on her, wanting to tell her that I’m sorry for hurting her, but I couldn’t because this was the competition, and I couldn’t show any signs of weakness. Instead, I clutched the bow and arrow tightly, waiting for any wrong move, waiting for her to suddenly get her second wind and attack me. I wasn’t going to let her catch me off guard; this could be an elaborate show.
It was this type of thinking that Gammas had… the type of thinking that made me a good candidate for any gamma force… or so I’ve been told.
She saw the bow and arrow clutched in my grasp and a swear I saw a small smile twitching the corner of her lips.
It went away as one of the medics started to stitch up her wound, closing it and making it easier for her wolf to heal her. They were going extra hard on healing her quickly because we were down to the final two. They wanted to prolong the fight for as long as possible, even if it meant one of us dies.
My stomach lurched at the thought. My eyes flickered over to Levi who was sitting with the other Lycans, along with his Beta. They were talking amongst themselves, Levi’s eyes showing indifference and no signs of sympathy. When his eyes found mine, a smile tugged at the corner of his lips, like he was telling me he was proud of me or something.
I felt sick to my stomach and turned away from him, surprised when I saw them sitting Sherry up, her face still pale and her eyes beginning to waver.
“Are you able to continue?” One of the medics boldly said.
The nerve of that man; was he joking? She could barely sit up, let alone fight. She looked at him for a moment and then she looked back at me, her eyes narrowed. I couldn’t tell what she was thinking or how she was feeling in the moment, but my heart was hammering.
Everyone in the stadium was hanging onto everything being said, listening with keen hearing and their mouths shut completely.
She looked like she wanted to say yes and continue to fight me; I could see the fight and determination etched in her eyes. But then it faded, and she looked at the ground for a moment, contemplating her choice.
Then, with a final breath, she said, “I surrender.”
Everyone sucked in a sharp breath at her barely audible words; my mouth nearly dropped open as I released the bow and arrow, letting them fall to the ground beside me.
The medics looked at one another.
“Final say, are you sure?” One of them asked.
“Yes,” she whispered. “I surrender.”
They nodded as they retrieved the stretcher, lifting her up. She winced in pain as they got her onto the stretcher, one of her stitches popping open and more blood trickled down her side. She was certainly in no shape to continue fighting; it was a smart choice, though I knew it was killing her.
She still fought bravely and there will definitely be scouts in contact with her soon.
###Take 387
s they started to carry her away, she stopped them just as they were passing me. Her eyes flickered down to me, a show of respect lingering there, and then to my surprise, she gave me a soft smile.noveldrama
“I knew you’d be a fierce competitor,” she said, holding her hand out to me to grasp. “Congratulations. It was an honor to meet you, Judy Montague.”
I grasped her hand in a firm handshake, my entire body trembling and my eyes wide as I stared at her.
Then she released my hand, and they carried her away, leaving me standing in the middle of the arena, completely alone… and still very naked.
The second she was gone, it was like someone turned on a switch because the entire stadium erupted in deafening cheers, rattling my brain, bringing me back to reality.
“And we have a winner!!” The announcer said through the loudspeaker; drones circled me, capturing every angle that they could, making sure to leave nothing out. “Congratulations Judy Montague! You won the Gamma Competition!!!”
The crowd went absolutely nuts as I stood frozen; I won?
I actually won?!
I barely noticed when people ran onto the arena grounds and rushed to me, Nan
and Irene being two of them. Nan immediately wrapped me in her arms and squealed loudly.
“Judy! Did you hear them! You won!!”
She was referring to the fact that I hadn’t moved an inch.
“I won…” I whispered, still in disbelief.
I was surrounded by a huge crowd; all trying to get pictures and ask me questions. It was an overwhelming feeling for sure; my heart was in my throat. Paparazzi started to swarm the place and suddenly, I had all these cameras on
me.
Before I could open my mouth to speak, there was a loud roar, silencing almost everyone.
I turned in the direction of the roar, and saw that the crowd was parting, making way for the Lycans. Gavin’s eyes were wild as he stared around at everyone. He looked like he was about to fight everyone in the world.
Levi was the one who approached me first.
“Congratulations Miss Montague,” he said, bowing his head respectfully. “How about we go somewhere and talk… away from prying ears. I’m sure you are exhausted and would like to recover your own injuries as well.”
I glanced down at my scratches and cuts, my face reddening. I was hyper aware that I was still very naked; I had no idea where I left my clothes.
I nodded and just before I could turn away and hurry towards the training center,
he wrapped a blanket around my body, shielding me from the views of everyone. I was grateful to him for that, and I thanked him with a small smile.
I swear I heard Gavin hiss, but I ignored it. Daisy was still seated in the stadium, watching him carefully and I wasn’t going to be the reason they had trouble in paradise. I felt sick to my stomach at the thought of it though, but I swallowed it down.
“We’ll come too,” Nan said, Irene nodding along.
Levi looked like he wanted to refuse but I interrupted him before he could say anything.
“That’d be great,” I said quickly; I really didn’t want to be alone with Levi, especially naked like this.
He looked annoyed, but he bit his tongue and forced a smile, which made me feel even more wary about him.
“Judy!” Matt yelled as he ran into my arms, hugging me tightly. “That was
incredible! You were badass! I can’t wait to go back to school and tell everyone that my tutor won the gamma competition.”
I let myself smile, my heart warmed at his eagerness and pride. I rubbed his head thoughtfully.
“I’m glad you were here to see it,” I told him gently.
Irene turned to Chester.
“Can you watch him for a bit? I’m stealing Nan and we are going with Judy.”
Chester nodded, glancing at Nan who surprisingly gave him a small smile, making his body relax slightly.
Chester turned to me and put a hand on my shoulder.
“Congrats,” he said proudly. “I knew you could do it. Never doubted you for a second.”
I chuckled, and it felt good to laugh for a second. My heart was momentarily at ease… this was everything I wanted… I actually won.
But then my eyes flickered to Gavin who was watching me, his eyes dark with something unspoken and it was driving me crazy not knowing what he was thinking.
I didn’t bother asking him though; not in front of all these people.
“Come on,” Levi said, urging us forward while the other Lycans kept the crowd back, giving me space.
I finally pulled my eyes away from Gavin and nodded, following Levi with my friends behind me.
###Take 388
“My wolf will heal, a medic isn’t necessary,” I assured them as we walked into the resort health clinic. It was crowded with all the competitors getting medical attention; some in worse shape than others. “Save the staff for someone who needs it.”
“It’s required amongst all participants,” Alpha Levi told me as he stared aimlessly at his phone, as if he had no other care in the world. I sat on the medical bed, staring up at the ceiling, feeling way more exposed than I wanted to feel. I still wore a blanket draped over my shoulders, covering my naked body, but I still felt odd without any clothing. It shouldn’t be a big deal because we are shifters after all and shifters are naturally comfortable in the nude. But I’ve never been one of them.
I still had a little thing called modesty. Kk
“You’ll be recruited by several packs,” Levi told me, his eyes never leaving his phone. “I hope you choose wisely. You are now a part of the Elite Force.”
“Do I have to choose right now?” I asked, nibbling my lip. “I’m still in school for another half a year and I’d like to finish it.”
Levi nodded, his eyes still fixed on his phone, as if he wasn’t interested in a thing I was saying. I pressed my lips together, biting my tongue.
“Yes, of course. Finish school and when you make a decision on where you want to be, reach out to me.”
“You?” I asked, raising my brows.
No offense to him, and I knew he was a Lycan, but I had access to Gavin Landry, who was the most powerful of the Lycan chairmen, so having gone to Levi seemed pointless.
He finally looked up from his phone, his eyes narrowed.
“When it comes to the Gamma Elite Force, I’m in charge,” he told me, his eyes darkening with something I couldn’t figure out. It gave me an uneasy feeling though. I wanted to question him about that; just because they appointed him in charge of this competition, doesn’t mean he was solely in charge of the Gamma Elite Force.
Before I could say another word, the door swung open. I was relieved to see Nan and Irene returning; they left so they could find me some clothes. When I saw the shorts and tank top in Irene’s hand, I let out a breath of relief.
“I got clothes,” she sang as she approached my bedside.
Nan was frowning when she noticed the look on Alpha Levi’s face.
“I hope we aren’t interrupting,” she said, his brows pinched together.
“Not at all,” I say, grabbing the clothes from Irene and sliding off the bed. “I’m just going to change in the bathroom.”
I walked into the bathroom on the far side of the room and quickly changed. When I looked at myself in the mirror, sighed. I had scratches and bites all over my face and neck. They weren’t mating marks, but marks indicating that I was just in a fight. I reached my hand, wincing at the tender flesh.
Some of the weapons were laced in wolfbane, that much was clear to me now. I wondered how many of them were and what the purpose of that was.
I left the bathroom to find Levi seated in the corner still on his phone. Nan andnoveldrama
Irene were seated near my bed, waiting for me.
“How are you feeling?” Nan asked as I got back into the medical bed.
“My face hurts,” I told her. “I think some of the weapons used had wolfsbane.”
Levi looked up from his phone, a smirk on his face.
“Not everyone noticed,” he replied. “Some of the competitors also had wolfsbane laced claws.”
“What?” I gasped.
He nodded, a light chuckle escaping his lips.
“There were no rules this round,” he reminded me. “They could do whatever they wanted. As could you.”
That could have been seriously dangerous, but I guess that was kind of the point. Soon, one of the medics came into the room and assessed my injuries. He gave me a cream that helps heal my cuts and scratches and then checked over the rest of my body before sending me on my way.
As soon as I left the health clinic, I was bombarded by even more paparazzi, thankfully, Levi was there to get me through the crowd, leaving questions unanswered. He guided me into a private area where there were a few men waiting for me, including the other Lycans, which also meant Gavin was there too.
###Take 389
“Judy Montague,” One of the men I didn’t recognize said as he stepped forward, offering me his hand, which I took and shook. “You are quite impressive. I’ve been watching you and from day one I knew you were going to make it far.”
“Thank you,” I replied as sweetly as I could.
“We are the top commanders for some of the Elite forces around the world; we have gathered here to scope recruits and to meet with the victor of the competition. With that being said, we are interested in working with you and making you one of our Elite Gammas. Of course you can only choose one of us. We have put together a packet of the details for each of our forces that you can look over on your own time. But I just wanted to introduce myself properly.”
He handed me a thick folder with his territory logo printed on the front.
“Thank you,” I said again.
He stepped aside and allowed for the others to introduce themselves as well, pretty much the same way, and then hand me their folders as well. They were such thick folders that I knew it was going to take some time to go through. I was already overwhelmed as is.
“Thank you for stopping by gentlemen, she’ll be in touch,” Gavin said, shaking each of their hands and dismissing them.
They nodded and said their farewells before leaving.
“Now that that’s out of the way, they are the Top Elite forces in the world, but they aren’t the only ones. You were sent an email with the listing of each force around the world. As the winner of the competition, you can choose any of them. Also, there’s a 5 million prize money as well and a trophy. The money is being wired to your account as we speak,” Levi continued to explain, my heart pounding in my chest when I thought about that money.
I could do a lot with that money.
Mica stepped around the corner with a large trophy and a grin on his face.
“Congrats Miss Montague,” Alpha Mica said thoughtfully as he handed me the heavy trophy. Nan and Irene had to help me hold it.
“Thank you,” I said with a proud smile. “It’s surreal; I still can’t believe I won.” “Believe it,” Nan said, patting me on the shoulder. “You did incredible.” “Truly,” Irene agreed.
“Tomorrow is the ceremony to celebrate your victory and the competition as a whole,” Alpha Levi said, his eyes on me. “It’s formal attire and obviously you are expected to be there. It’ll be held in the resort’s entertainment center ballroom. Your friends are invited as well.”
“Okay, I’ll be there,” I told him.
My flight home wasn’t until the day after tomorrow anyways, so that worked out fine. He nodded and without another word, he turned and left. Alpha Mica and Alpha Jeremy left after him, but Gavin remained.
“Where’s Matthew?” He asked Irene.
“With Chester,” Irene replied.
.n
He nodded and then glanced at me. I tried hard not to meet his eyes because every time I did, I felt the same familiar ache in my chest that
I always feel.
“Congratulations,” he finally said, breaking the heavy tension for a moment.
I nodded.
“Thanks,” I said, my tone almost indifferent.
After another beat of silence, he finally left.
Third Person POV
As soon as Levi was out of view of any others, he grabbed his cellphone from his pocket and brought up a specific name in his contact. He pushed the call button and then
pressed the phone to his cheek,
waiting for the contact to answer the phone.
After a few rings, the other line was picked up.
“You did well during this competition; she doesn’t suspect a thing,” Levi said to his
contact. “We move onto the next phase. Are you ready?”
“I feel kind of bad playing her like this…” the contact’s soft voice said on the other end. “It’s not right.”
“It’s necessary,” Levi snapped,
speaking through his teeth. “We
made an agreement; you aren’t
backing down on me now, because I can get your sister to do this instead.” noveldrama
“Are you kidding me? Chrissy would crack under the first sign of pressure,” his
contact hissed, her rage clear. “You can’t be serious.”
“Don’t test me,” Levi murmured. “Now, are you able to handle this next task?”
There was a pause for a moment before a heavy sigh could be heard on the other end.
“Yes… I can handle this task. I won’t let you down… father.”
###Take 390
Judy’s POV
“So, what’s going on between you and my father?” Irene asked, making my entire body freeze.
It was the next day; the day after I won the competition. We were gathered in my suite, getting dressed for the celebration. I was a bit nervous about it as is because I really wasn’t a fan of that much attention. There were going to be paparazzi there, and a lot of people were asking questions. I’m not sure I’m ready to answer any of these questions or what I’m going to say to anyone.
I wondered if the competitors were going to say nice things about me, or if they were going to snub me.
I shook the thought out of my head and then turned to Irene, her question registering in my head.
“What do you mean?” I asked her with a frown. “There’s nothing going on between your father and me.”
“Oh, please,” Irene said, rolling her eyes. “I saw the way you two were acting around each other earlier. There’s a lot of hostility. Seriously, is everything okay?”
“Everything is fine,” I said, trying to sound casual, though I knew I didn’t.
“Are you sure about that?” Irene asked, raising her brows. “It seemed pretty hostile between you two.”
I frowned and shook my head, just as Nan walked out of the bathroom.
“I’m positive,” I tell her.
“Are we almost ready to go?” Nan asked, staring between the two of us. “The celebration is going to be starting soon, and Judy is featured in it.”
I blushed at her words. I turned to look in the mirror one last time, straightening out the skirt of my dress with the palms of my hands.
“Okay, yes, I’m ready,” I breathed, turning to face them.
“Chester said he’ll come later with Matt,” Nan said, draping her arm through mine.
“How are you and Chester doing?” I asked as we headed out of the room. “You seem to be getting along better.”
She sighed.
“It’s still complicated, but I agreed to go out with him once we get back to our territory. Baby steps,” she said softly.
“I’ve known Chester for quite a while; he’s worked for the family in the North mansion for a long time. He’s a good guy, despite being a player. I think he had a rough breakup once and that was why he stopped allowing himself to feel,” Irene said with a frown, getting both our attention.
This was new information that I didn’t know, and telling from the look on Nan’s face, she didn’t know either.
“A breakup?” I was the one who asked when it was clear Nan wasn’t going to. Irene nodded, a sad smile on her face.
“Yeah, I forget what her name was. Irrelevant to me at the time but Chester was head over heels in love with her,” she said, shaking her head at the memory. “She broke his heart and shattered the little trust he had in women. Since then, he started sleeping around and didn’t allow himself to commit.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat when I thought of Chester feeling so broken that he swore himself off normal relationships. I wondered why he didn’t tell me; we had been friends when I moved into the mansion; friends since before he found out my best friend was his fated mate.
So, why would he keep such information from me?
The rest of the way to the ceremony was spent in silence as we processed this new information. Nan was completely lost in thought, and I could see the worry lines forming on her face.
The moment we stepped into the ceremony, I was bombarded by more paparazzi. They were never going to leave me alone; at least not until I answered some of their questions, relieving their piqued curiosity.
Thankfully, Alpha Levi and Alpha
Jeremy were there to get me
through the crowd, telling them I will answer all their questions later. They brought me over to where the other competitors were. Everyone dressed elegantly with champagne flutes and Most
talking amongst themselvenoveldrama
looked completely healed, some of them were from the very first round and got eliminated early on, like Chrissy, Alpha Levi’s daughter.
Before the first round of the
competition started, I met Chrissy and her friends in the bathroom. They tried to intimidate me, but it
didn’t work. She was with the set
friends I saw her with that day. They were talking and laughing amongst themselves, it was clear that Chrissy was the center of their attention.
“Judy!” I heard a familiar voice, and my heart melted when I saw Tabby rushing
towards me.
She looked beautiful in her maroon
dress that hugged her curves perfectly and her pixie styled hair. She had a bright smile on her face and looked way better than the last time Saw her on the arena ground. She was badly injured and taken away by medics; I had been worried about her, though I heard she was okay.
“Tabby,” I said, walking towards her, hugging her once she reached me. “I’m so glad you’re okay.”
“I can’t believe you won!” She shrieked. “I am so happy for you! Of course, I’m bummed I lost how and when I did, but I’m so grateful to be given the chance and to fight along your side. You deserved this win.”
###Take 391
“That means so much,” I breathed, tears burning my eyes. “It’s all so surreal if I am to be honest. It feels like a dream I’m going to wake up from at any moment.”
She laughed and patted me on the back.
“Well, start believing it, because you are kind of a star now. Every shifter in the world knows your name. It’s pretty incredible.”
I blushed at her words and nibbled on my lower lip nervously. I wasn’t sure what to expect going forward; would things start to change at school? Would people look at me differently? What about my family?
“There she is… the girl who made me surrender,” another voice said and I turned to see Sherry walking towards us.
She looked a lot better as well, though she walked with a slight limp and had a couple of scratches on her arms. She had a soft smile on her lips as she approached and when she stopped in front of me, she bowed her head.
“Congratulations. Your win was well deserved,” she murmured, holding out her hand for me to shake.
I smiled at her.
“You were a tough fight,” I admitted, taking her hand and shaking it firmly. “For a second, I thought you’d win. It would have been an honor to lose to you.”
She grinned.
“You win some, you lose some,” she said with a shrug.
Most of my conversations with the other competitors were more or less the same. They congratulated me and told me I fought tough and then they moved onto the
next person.
As the ceremony commenced, food and drinks were served. There was more mingling, and I was even able to answer some of the questions for the paparazzi. They took a ton of photos of me for headliners, I also took photos with other competitors.
At one point, Chester arrived with Matt and Matt was excited to be involved in the whole thing. He got some autographs from his favorite competitors.
For the most part, I managed to avoid Gavin for the night. Though, sometimes I could see his penetrating gaze on me, but I made it a point to acknowledge it. Every time I looked at him, all I saw was him and Daisy. Seeing them together hurt more than anything, seeing her practically naked in his room at night while he was in the shower was driving me insane.
There was no sign of Daisy yet, but I knew she’d probably make an appearance soon enough.
“You look like you’re on edge,” Nan pointed out. “Still thinking about Gavin and Daisy?”
I nod.
“I’m trying hard not to, especially in front of Irene, but I can’t help it, nan. Every time I close my eyes I see them together. It’s driving me crazy and making me feel sick to my stomach.”
She grabbed another champagne flute and handed it to me.
“Then, let’s forget about them,” she said, raising her own glass in the air. “At least for tonight, let’s just forget.”
She downs the champagne in one go and I take a long and steady sip of mine.
Then her eyes shifted behind me, and she frowned, corking her head to the side. “Isn’t that Sammy?”
I turned around and sure enough, I saw Sammy seated at one of the tables alone. She was wearing a pretty dress too, and her hair was done, but it looked like she had been crying, though she was trying to put on a brave face.
“Yeah, it is,” I said as I made my way to the table with Nan behind me. “Hey, Sammy.”
She looked up at me and gave me a small smile.
“Hey,” she said softly, her smile never reaching her eyes.
I sat down with her.
“Everything okay?” I asked; Nan sat across from her, concern etched in her features as well.
She shook her head.
“My boyfriend and I broke up,” she
told
don’t really want to get
max but he’s not who I thought he
into
was.”
“How long have you been together?” Nan asked curiously.
“A year,” she sighed. “I thought he could be the one, but I was wrong. He’s just like every other man.”
“I’m so sorry, Sammy,” I said, wrapping an arm around her shoulder. “You don’t deserve that.”
“I just need to get away for a while and start fresh…” she told me softly. “So, I went to Gavin Landry…”
My brows shot up and I looked at Nan who was equally surprised.
“You what?” I asked her, my voice coming out as a breathy whisper.
She nodded and nibbled on her lower lip.
“He pulled some strings and now I’m attending the Shifter,” she said a shrug. “It’s a change, butnoveldrama
I’m ready for it.”
My eyes grew wider; that was my academy. She was told to go to the same
school as me?”
###Take 392
n’s POV
“Alpha Landry, how does it feel to have the winner of the Gamma competition be a part of your territory?”
“Will you be recruiting Judy Montague for your Elite Force?”
“What is your personal relationship with the winner of the competition?”
The paparazzi were relentless; no matter how many times I ignored them, they wouldn’t seem to stop. A low growl escaped my throat, my Alpha powers raging around me, making it painfully known to them that I wasn’t in the mood to engage in conversation. Their faces paled almost immediately upon seeing my aggravated wolf, knowing that aggravating my wolf further could result in their death.
They stepped away from me, allowing me to pass them without saying a single word. I paused when I saw Judy seated with Nan and Sammy. She wore a low-cut black dress that left no mystery of what lay beneath; her cleavage was on full display and the dress hugged her defined curves perfectly. Her hair was tied out of her face and down her back and she wore light makeup that brought out her features. She didn’t need makeup, but on the occasions that she did, it made her beauty pop.
I swallowed hard at the sight of her; the smile that lit up her face as she spoke to her friends. A smile I hadn’t seen directed at me in quite some time. Whatever happened that set her off the other night, it damaged the small relationship we had.
I thought we had an understanding, but it seemed as if I was wrong.
“You’re like a lovesick puppy,” Irene sighed, leaning next to me. Her eyes followed mine and narrowed when she saw Judy seated at one of the tables. “Why don’t you just admit you have feelings for her.”
My jaw tightened; I don’t have feelings for her. At least not those kinds…I couldn’t allow myself to have feelings for her. She was a convenience; she got my mother and Daisy off my back for a while, but now it seemed Daisy was back and ready to fight.
The thought annoyed me.
Judy was also using me to get revenge on her ex… so there was nothing more to it than that. And yet, she was upset because I shared a simple dinner with another
woman.
“Dad, I know you…” Irene said softly. “I know you have feelings for her. Why can’t you admit that to yourself… or to me.”
“Because you are wrong,” I said, peeling my eyes away from Judy so I could look at my simple-minded daughter. “There’s nothing going on between me and Judy.”
Irene only rolled her eyes.noveldrama
“Yeah, that’s what Judy said too,” she muttered.
I felt a ping of hurt in my chest at the thought of Judy denying our relationship… or denying she had any feelings for me at all.
“Then maybe you should listen to us,” I told her as I started to walk away.
“I will when you stop staring at her like you’re lost without her,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest.
I pressed my lips in a thin line and decided not to make any further comments on the matter.
“So, you’re going to be going to school with us?” Judy asked Sammy, who nodded with a faint smile on her lips.
“Yes; all thanks to Alpha Landry,” Sammy replied.
It was true, I was the reason Sammy was able to get into the Shifter Academy bordering the Redmoon pack. She was in her second year of college and made it possible for her to transfer and finish up the rest of her schooling closer to Judy and Nan, where she can have actual friends to help her get over and forget about her ex-boyfriend, who apparently cheated on her.
I caught her crying in one of the lounges earlier and she told me everything that happened. Including the fact that they go to the same school, and she isn’t sure how to face anyone there. She doesn’t have many friends, and her family doesn’t care about her; she expressed her wishes to leave and never look back, so I opened the doors to my territory for her.
Judy seemed thoughtful for a moment as her eyes found mine. I’m not sure if she meant to look at me or if it was just a habit, but when she saw me, I could see a flash of hurt in her eyes, as if she was remembering something that hurt her deeply and it made my chest fucking tighten.
What the hell was wrong? Why was she looking at me like I sat on her birthday
cake?
It wasn’t making any sense; it had to be more than just dinner.
###Take 393
I suddenly couldn’t take it anymore; I wasn’t sure if it was because of my run-in with the paparazzi, or the fact that Judy was staring at me like I killed her cat, but I wasn’t going to stand around and let this continue.
It was only fucking dinner, and she was going to see it from my perspective. Before she could protest, I grabbed her wrist. Not enough to hurt her, but enough to get my point across that she was coming with me whether she liked it or not.
“Let’s go,” I said, pulling her out of her seat and forcing her to follow me out of the ceremony room.
“Gavin, what the hell are you doing?” She gasped, her face red and on fire as she followed me into the hallway. There wasn’t anybody in the hallway because they were all too busy with the ceremony.
I pulled her around the corner where I was sure we wouldn’t be bothered and then I pressed her against the wall, pinning my body against hers. Her curves fitting along my toned body perfectly, her breasts rising and falling with each quick breath she took. Her eyes were wild as she stared at me. I could see the turmoil of emotions in her eyes, and it was tearing me apart inside for reasons I didn’t even understand and that pissed me off even more.
“Why the fuck are you pissed?” I asked her through my teeth, no longer sugar coating it.
She narrowed her eyes at me, a then tried to shove her way past me. it was clear she had no intentions of answering me, but I wasn’t going to give up.
“Answer my fucking question, Judy. What the fuck did I do to make you despise me enough that you can’t even fucking look at me,” I told her, my tone low and threatening, my breath against her ear as I spoke each word slowly so she would understand what I was asking.
She shivered beneath me, and it made me smirk knowing the effect I still had on her body. She bit her lower lip like she was trying to keep it from trembling.
“it doesn’t matter anymore,” she finally said after a long pause. “I knew what this was when we started. There was no real commitment and no promises so I shouldn’t be angry.”
“Then why are you?” I asked through my teeth. “Why can’t you even look at me anymore? Why won’t you talk to me? Why are things awkward between us?”
“Because you didn’t tell me!” She snapped, tears threatening her eyes as she stared into mine. “You let me find out in the worst way possible. You could have told me the truth, Gavin.”
“The truth?” I asked, raising my brows. “Look, I don’t know what Irene told you, but-”
“She didn’t tell me anything,” Judy said, wrapping her arms around her body like she was trying to keep herself together.
I couldn’t help myself; I found myself reaching up and wiping a stray tear that managed to escape my eyes with my thumb. I allowed my fingers to linger on her cheek for a moment longer before I pulled back, giving her some space to breathe.
“What do you mean she didn’t tell you anything?” I asked, my brows furrowed.
“Then how the fuck did you find out about anything?”
“Because I say her…” Judy said, her
voice dropping low. “In your suite. I went to your suite that night and she was there… practically naked and only wearing a robe. You were in the shower when she answered the door…” noveldrama
At that moment, Judy looked so small and vulnerable, something inside of me snapped. I knew something smelled off when I returned to my suite with the kids that night. Even Matt could sense something was different about the scent, but we were all so tired that I didn’t look into it further.
“Judy, what the fuck are you talking about?” I asked her, my tone was rough and anger filling it.
“Don’t deny it, Gavin,” Judy said, folding her arms across her chest. “You slept with Daisy Baldwin the other night and the evidence was in your suite in a bathrobe.”
Rage.
All I felt at that moment was pure rage.
My wolf flashed through my eyes and a low growl escaped my throat, making Judy’s eyes widen in shock. I pushed off the wall before I broke it with the force of my anger.
“Fuck!!” I growled fiercely in the hallway, making Judy suck in a sharp breath. Without another word, I took off, leaving her staring after me.
###Take 394
Judy’s POV
I watched as Gavin growled a curse through the hallway, nearly shaking the entire building. I was shocked when he took off, my mouth agape.
What the hell just happened?
I wasn’t sure how long I was standing like that for, but soon, Sammy, Tabby, Nan, and Irene were piling into the hallway, stumbling upon me. Irene was breathless as she looked around, recognizing the sounds of her father’s pissed off roar.
“Where did he go?” She asked, worry etched on her face. “Is he okay”
“I… I don’t know,” I whispered, my body trembling slightly.
“You’ve been crying,” Tabby said, touching my arm. “Did he say or something to hurt you?”
All their attention was on me and I wasn’t sure how to explain any of this to them.
“I told him that I saw Daisy last night… in his suite. He went off and left,” I
admitted, my tone coming out breathless.
Irene narrowed her eyes.
“What the hell are you talking about?” She asked me.
I looked at her.
“Your aunt Daisy. He was with her last night…”
“Yeah, they went out to dinner; it lasted like an hour,” she said, rolling her eyes. “My aunt is relentless, but he managed to entertain her for that long.”
I furrowed my brows.
“She was in his suite last night, Irene. I saw her. I talked to her. She wore nothing but a bathrobe and said that Gavin was in the shower,” I told her.
Her eyes grew wide and suddenly, panic seemed to have struck her. She looked as if she was about to take off in the direction that her father went.
“Irene?” I asked, trying to get her attention back; she looked as if she was about to have a panic attack.
“I knew she would pull something like this,” she said through her teeth. “I wanted him.”
“Warned him?” I asked. “About what?”
“About my bitch of an aunt. I knew she would pull something like this,” Irene hissed, anger flashing in her own eyes.
Now, I was beyond confused, as were the others it seemed.
Irene turned to look at me, trying to calm herself down.
out
“My father wasn’t in the suite last night; at least not until super late,” Irene said, shaking her head. “He was with Matt and me… we were for a while having family time. When we returned, we thought we smelled a different scent, but we were so tired we didn’t really question it.”
My heart plummeted into my stomach as I stared at her, my eyes wide and my mouth agape.
“What?” I asked, my voice coming out unfamiliar and hollow.
“Daisy broke into our suite last night and left before we got back,” Irene growled.
I let out a breath, my heart dropping even lower.
“Holy shit…”
Gavin’s POV
Rage.noveldrama
Nothing could compare to this feeling burning inside me right now. All I felt was pure rage and it was directed at Daisy Baldwin. I knew exactly where she was right, and I wasn’t going to let her get away with this.
She broke into my hotel suite, a place where I stayed with my children. She messed with Judy and made her pissed and hurt…she crosse a major line and I wasn’t going to let her get away with this shit.
Her reign ends today, if it’s the last thing I do.
Daisy was seated at the bar with a couple of gentlemen on either side of her. In her normal Daisy fashion, she was flirting and twirling her hair, getting her to buy more drinks. Truth be told, I was surprised she didn’t randomly show up at the ceremony knowing that I was going to be there. I figured if she wasn’t at the ceremony, she was most likely at the bar.
“Come with me,” I said without a single greeting.
One of the guys turned around, looking as if he was about to fight me, but the look
in my eyes was daring and dangerous. The second they registered who I was and that I was playing around, his face paled and he backed off immediately. The other guy did the same.
Daisy stared at me, her eyes wide when she took in my pissed off appearance.
I didn’t give her a chance to question
me, I grabbed her arm and yanked her off the bar stool, not caring if I hurt her or not. I was furious and she was on the receiving end of my rage. I dragged her out of the bar with
onlookers wondering what
was
going on; whispers followed.
Daisy was smart enough to not fight me and stumbled along after me. Once we were out of the bar, I dragged her towards a more secluded area, not needing an audience.
I suddenly stopped and slammed her against the wall, careful not to touch her too much, but enough for her to not be able to go anywhere.
###Take 395
“You crossed a major line, Daisy,” I said through my teeth. “What the fuck were you thinking”
Her eyes narrowed and I saw a flicker of fear in her gaze.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, Gavin…” she denied, making me scoff.
Did she really think I wouldn’t find out about her games? Did she think I was stupid?
“Don’t play, stupid,” I hissed. “You broke into my hotel suite… You invaded my space when I wasn’t there. Why?”
She pressed her lips in a thin line, like she was holding onto some type of secret and it only infuriated me more.
“Answer my Goddamn question,” I said in a low and threatening tone.
Before she could open her mouth to speak, I heard footsteps behind me. They sounded hurried, like they were running.noveldrama
“Dad!” I heard Irene shouting as she rushed towards me.
“Answer me!” I demanded again, ignoring the fact that my daughter was rushing towards me. My eyes remained fixed on Daisy’s, who glanced behind me and then directly at me.
“I did it because she doesn’t deserve you, Gavin. I’ve always been here for you. I was there when my sister died, leaving you a single father. I was there when you got custody of Matthew. I had always been there. Your mother already gave me her blessing. Why can’t you see that I’m the one you are meant to be with?”
“You don’t get to tell me who I’m supposed to be with,” I said through my teeth. “You and my mother can stop meddling in my romantic affairs because it is not happening.”
That’s when I felt her presence behind me; Judy stood beside Irene and they were both watching me with worried eyes, wondering what it was I was going to do.
“I went to dinner with you out of pity the other night; there was nothing more to it. You invaded my space and crossed a serious line.”
“So, it’s true then?” Judy’s soft voice echoed behind me; I could hear the pain in her voice and it was fucking killing me. “It was all a lie. You weren’t there with Gavin?”
Daisy’s eyes flickered to Judy, malice in her gaze that made me punch a wall close to her face. Her eyes went back to me, her eyes wide when she realized there was a whole in the wall inches from her face.
“Don’t fucking look at her…” I said through my teeth. “Eyes on me.”
“Aunt Daisy, why would you do something like that?” Irene asked.
Daisy kept her eyes on me, but she responded to Irene.
“Because it was supposed to be me. I was supposed to be the one warming your father’s bed, but instead he found himself a pretty little whore.”
I grabbed her throat without another word, blocking off her air waves and making it impossible for her to speak anymore. Her eyes bugged out of her face as she struggled to breathe, swatting at my hands, begging me with her eyes to loosen my grip but I was pushed past the edge of caring whether she lived or died.
“Dad, you’re going ot kill her!” Irene warned. “Loosen your grip!”
in
Daisy’s face started to turn red as she tapped on the wall, begging for me to stop. The rhythm of her. tapping continued, her hands trembling as the life started to drain from her pathetic little face
“Ethan…” I heard Judy whispering behind me.
“What?” Irene asked.
“She’s spelling out Ethan’s name
bet
using Morse code,” Judy said, pointing to Daisy’s hands which continued to tap the wall. I realized that Judy was right; I was also trained in Morse code, and she was
tapping out Ethan’s name using the
wall.
I loosened my grip so she could breathe. She took a deep breath, coughing as the
air filled her lungs. Her eyes watered and she tried to wipe them.
“Guess you’re not as dumb as I thought,” she croaked, rubbing her sore and red neckline.
“What about Ethan?” Judy demanded. “What does he have to do with anything?” Daisy narrowed her eyes.
“He has everything to do with this,” she said, slyly. “Who do you think put me up to this?”
“What?” Judy asked, her voice coming out hollow and unfamiliar.
I stepped away from Daisy, suddenly the weight of the situation crashing down around me.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” I demanded.
Daisy took a minute to recover herself before she replied.
“Your girlfriend’s ex mate is here and wants you out of the way. So, we came up
with this plan together. Clever, aren’t we?”
###Take 396
Judy’s POV
I felt so incredibly stupid. Of course, Ethan had something to do with this. How could he not? He was always planning or scheming something. I should have known he wouldn’t stop and that he’d use Daisy to get his way.
I looked at Gavin’s rigid back as he processed this new information. He was furious, that much was clear. His fists kept clenching and unclenching.
This whole time I had been so upset with him, thinking he had been sleeping with both me and Daisy. Only to find out that it was all a plan set up by Ethan. Gavin wasn’t even in the hotel suite at the time of Daisy being there; he hadn’t known she was there. I should have talked to him instead of jumping to conclusions; but I thought the facts were clear.
“I might have done my part, Gavin, and I might have had my own reasons, but I’m not the mastermind behind this,” Daisy continued as she folded her arms across her chest. “I’m not the one you should be going after.”
Gavin’s jaw ticked and I could see the tension in his body. He was battling with himself; torn between ending Daisy or letting her go so he could seek out Ethan. At the end, the latter won, and he stepped away from her.noveldrama
“Get out of my face before I change my mind,” he growled, his wolf’s anger palpable.
Daisy only smirked; she didn’t rush away, her eyes remained on his for a moment before they flickered to me and then I saw them darken. Without a word, she turned and walked away, leaving me feeling numb and incredibly stupid.
“Ethan’s here?” Irene asked, tears in her eyes. I looked at her, remembering how quiet she’s been, and my heart shattered for her. Her ex-fiancé was here and made it clear that he wasn’t here for her; he was here to fuck with me.
Nan and Chester had appeared shortly after, their concern clear on their faces as they looked at the scene before them.
I was frozen, unable to tell them anything about what had happened. My body was trembling; Ethan was never going to stop. I was going to have to live with him tormenting my family and me forever. And Irene will always suffer because of this as well.
She looked utterly broken and confused in that moment and my heart shattered even more for her.
“Chester, Nan, can you take Irene back to the suite,” he asked. “Matthew as well, wherever he is.”
“Last I saw, he was stuffing his face with dessert,” Chester said, pointing at the ceremony hall. “Yeah, we’ll go grab him and bring them both upstairs.”
Gavin nodded his thanks. At first, Irene refused to move; she was rooted to the ground, tears spilling out of her eyes as she thought about everything that had happened. She wasn’t sure how to feel at this moment and I couldn’t blame her.
But after some urging from Nan, she finally moved from her spot, following them, leaving me alone with Gavin.
I stared at the spot on the wall that Daisy was once pressed against. The ghost of her form still lingering.
Before I knew what was happening,
Gavin closed the small distance between us, wrapping me tightly in his arms and pressing me against his chest. It was a gesture I wasn’t used to from him; he wasn’t the comforting type, but I immediately melted against him, hating my body for being so weak when it came to Gavin Landry.
I should hate him… I should be upset with him still, but I couldn’t. I was relieved that nothing happened between him and Daisy like I thought it did. I was relieved he hadn’t lied to me about anything.
My mind was whirling with all this new information, and I wasn’t sure what to do with any of it. He ran his fingers up and down my spine soothingly, another gesture I wasn’t used to from him.
He peppered kisses along my hairline, sending a chill across my flesh and melting even further. His warmth and scent engulfed me, and I could practically hear my wolf purring in contentment from his sweet and comforting embrace.
He ran his fingers through my hair, and I shivered from the feeling. I peeked up at
him, tears in my eyes from everything that had happened.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I should have talked to you.”
“Did you really think I was fucking her?”
I nibbled on my lower lip, heat creeping up around my nose and cheeks; I knew
he could see the redness easily on my face.
###Take 397
“I thought… I mean… yeah,” I said softly. “We aren’t…” I couldn’t finish the sentence; I hated how vulnerable and weak I sounded at this moment.
He cupped my face with his hands, forcing me to keep my gaze on his.
“I don’t fuck multiple women at once, Judy,” he told me firmly. “It’s messy and never ends well. I’m old enough to know better, don’t you think?”
I nod slowly; I shouldn’t have assumed the worst about him. But if he only saw it from my perspective… how would he feel if a guy answered my door and he was wrapped in only a towel.
I shuddered at the thought; that’s something Ethan would do and honestly, I’m surprised he hadn’t yet.
“I saw her in a bathrobe, Gavin. How would you have felt if the roles were reversed?”
His eyes darkened at my words, the image sinking in and making him feel like shit.
“You should know me better than that by now,” he told me, his tone almost cold, though there was a twinge of hurt.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “You’re right. I shouldn’t have assumed the worst. But we need to focus on the bigger picture. Ethan is out there, planning shit. He did this, Gavin. That’s terrifying.”
He nodded.
“And I will find him and make him answer for his crimes. You should get back to the suite for the night. I don’t trust him not to show up here and try something.”
He released me and suddenly I felt cold without his touch. I bit my lower lip and nodded, hating how distant we still felt from one another. If there was one thing that this whole thing taught me, it was that maybe I didn’t trust him as much as I thought I did.
Did I ever trust him?
“Where are you going to go?” I asked him after a beat of silence.
“Don’t worry about that,” he said with a gruff voice. “I have something to do.”
I nodded and without another word, I went back to my suite. Nan, Chester, Irene, and Matt were in the room when I turned. Nan and Chester were packing their things, while Irene sat on the bed, looking like a ghost of herself. Matt was on the couch, scrolling through his phone mindlessly.
“What’s going on?” I asked Nan who paused her packing when she noticed me at the doorway.
“Our flight is tomorrow. I figured it’d be better if we prepared,” she told me with a shrug. “I assume we’ll be leaving quickly.”
I nodded in agreement.
“Yeah, we will definitely be leaving quickly,” I told her. “I’m sorry that this entire trip
is messy, Nan. The last thing you wanted was messy.”
“Are you kidding me? This trip was awesome. Plus, you won the fucking competition, and I got to see it firsthand. Totally worth it,” she said with a grin.
“Pretty awesome that you won,” Chester said, giving me a high five.
I looked at Irene, who wasn’t engaging in conversation, but I could tell from the fact that she wasn’t in her own suite that she wanted to be around people. I sat beside her on the bed and gave her a sympathetic look.
“Are you okay?” I asked her.
She blinked a few times and shook her head, releasing some tears that fell onto her cheeks.
“I can’t believe he was here, and he didn’t come find me,” she whispered. “I truly meant nothing to him.”
“Ethan isn’t worth your time, Irene. thought you knew that by now,” I told her gently. “He’s manipulative. I mean look at the mess he’s made in such a short time.” noveldrama
She nodded and nibbled on her lower lip.
“A part of me still loves him and I hate myself for it,” she whispered.
I knew that all too well; having Ethan as my fated mate made things extra complicated. When he was around, my wolf was still drawn to him because she felt a bond. She will I be able to feel it until he either marks another, or other marks me, replacing his mark completely. For a long time, Ethan was my everything. Growing up, he was my best friend. Then I found out he was a mate, and
I was over the moon, but now I
regret every little thing and I’m questioning if any of it was ever real, or some bit elaborate plan to break me.
“We aren’t going to let him get away with this,” I say, putting my hand on her knee.
“He will regret the day that he fucked with us.”
###Take 398
Judy’s POV
I was nervous as I pulled up to my parents’ house. I hadn’t seen my father in months. We returned to the territory late last night; I went home to the mansion to sleep and then first thing this morning I went straight to my parents’ house; the one Gavin had purchased for them right after he got my father out of prison by paying off his entire debt.
I was honestly surprised my father let it happen, but then again, maybe he didn’t have a choice. I knew they were hurting him in prison; they were beating him until the brink of death, and then they would heal him and do it all over again. This was because of Ethan and his manipulation. He convinced the guards and other inmates to target my father.
The thought made my blood boil; I hated Ethan for what he did to my family, and I was determined to make him pay for this. I was relieved that Irene now saw the monster she was once engaged to and had enough sense to end things with him.
I raised my hand to knock on the door, a nervous bubble in the pit of my stomach. As I knocked, I realized how ridiculous it was because technically, this was my house too. Nothing had changed about me; I grew up here. I had a key to the place despite being owned by the Cash family for a short while, but I don’t think they ever stepped foot in this home. They only bought it to get under my family’s skin.
As the door opened, my mother stood on the other side with a big frown on her face.
“Why on earth are you knocking?” She asked, pulling me into a tight hug. “Oh, sweetie, we’ve missed you. And we are so unbelievably proud of you! I knew you could do it!”
“You were watching?” I asked.
“Of course!” My mom breathed, pulling me into the house and shutting the door. “The entire pack was watching. I’m sure the whole shifter world was watching.”
I blushed at her words, imagining everybody seeing my face on their TVs.
“There she is,” I heard my father’s deep voice as he walked into the living room. He had a slight limp, and his face was a bit swollen from all the beatings he’d received. His injuries were so extensive that his wolf hadn’t healed him properly yet. But I could tell he was still in the process of healing some of his major injuries before healing his minor ones.
My stomach twisted when I saw that he was also thin.
“Dad…” I whispered, tears in my eyes.
I rushed into his arms and held me like I was a little girl again.
“Oh, sweetheart. I’m okay,” he whispered, trying to soothe my sobs. “You don’t need to worry for me anymore.”
“Were they starving you?” I asked, pulling back to take a better look at you, I couldn’t help the tears that streamed down my cheeks.
“Amongst other things,” my father murmured. “But it’s nothing you need to concern yourself with. I’m okay, honestly…”
My mother had a frown on her face as she stepped towards us.
“We aren’t going to let them get away with this,” she said, folding her arms across her chest. “What the Cash family did wasn’t okay.”
I raised my brows and stared at her in shock; she knew that the Cash family was involved in his arrest.
“How did you know?” I asked. “I mean… how did you find out?”
She narrowed her eyes at me.
“My question is, why didn’t you tell me?” My mother countered. “I would have never made a deal with them if
I knew of their manip
“Because you worshipped the ground that Ethan walked on,” I reminded her. “I didn’t want to poke a hole in your fantasy about him. I’m sorry kept it to myself. But he’s a monster mom, They all are.”
She nodded, her eyes flashing with anger.
“We know that now,” she said, shaking her head.
“How?”
“Beta Taylor called,” my father was the one who explained. “He told me that Gavin Landry wanted to pay off the debt that I owed. At first, I was going to refuse, despite the fact that I was hanging onto death, but then Taylor explained everything that had been happening. Ethan’s manipulation and how he used you in a pawn to get what he wanted… how he blackmailed you… How this debt isn’t fair and that they have the power to waive. I wasn’t stupid enough to deny his help.” noveldrama
no
I nodded thoughtfully, my stomach still twisting in a tight knot.
###Take 399
“I see,” I breathed. “You have no idea how badly I’ve missed you, Dad. I’ve been worried every day.”
“Well, I’m home now and we don’t have to worry about something like that ever happening again. Alpha Landry made it so I won’t lose my company and we are back up and running.”
Relief flooded me; things seemed as if they were back to normal.
“I’m glad that things are working out and they seem to be going back to normal,” I said, a small smile lighting up my face.
My mother nodded in agreement as she wrapped an arm around her mate, kissing his cheek gently. They might be my adoptive parents, but they were the only family I ever knew, and they never made me feel like anything less than their true daughter. I would do anything for my family and loved them so much… I knew they would do anything for me too.
“Perhaps we should go out tonight,” my mother suggested. “Just us three. We can go to dinner at Whimsical Whisk, the new fancy restaurant that has just opened.
I nodded in agreement.
“That would be great,” I told her.
She smiled thoughtfully and my father nodded as well; he looked tired, I knew it was because of the healing his wolf was doing, it was not only healing him but also draining him.
A few hours later, we went to the Whimsical Whisk. It was nice going out as a family, something I didn’t think we’d ever get to do again. My father wore a nice suit and had a smile on his face as my mother clung to his arm. My heart swelled at the sight of them. I hope that one day I’ll get to have a love like theirs.
The waitress brought us over to a table and after we thanked her, we took our seats with the menus.
We kept getting passing by looks by curious bystanders; or rather, I was getting passing by looks by bystanders. I’m assuming they must have seen me in the competition and had a ton of questions for me.
As I scanned the nice restaurant, my eyes found a familiar person across the room at a booth.
Daisy Baldwin.
She was with an older woman with greying brown hair and an elegant shimmering black dress that hugged her curves perfectly. She had familiar looking eyes, and she honestly looked as if she had never smiled a day in her life. There was something about that woman that looked familiar to me, but I couldn’t figure out what it was.
“So, how’s your tutoring job going?” My father asked, bringing me back to the current moment. “Tell me everything I’ve missed and don’t leave anything out.”
I told him most everything about my job, including how much I loved it. But as I spoke, my eyes kept flickering back to Daisy and that woman. Who was she?
Daisy was talking her ear off, and she seemed to be hanging onto each word that
Daisy spoke. I wished I could get closer so I could hear them.
Soon, our meals arrived, and I had forgotten about Daisy or that
woman. But midway through dinner,

I had to use the restroom, so I excused myself. That must have been when Daisy found the prime opportunity because she was blocking my way to the bathroom with her body once I reached the hallway.
“Oh, Judy. Didn’t expect to see you here,” Daisy said, raising her perfectly
trimmed eyebrows. “No Gavin?”
I pressed my lips together in a thin line.
“I’m with my family. I need to use the rest room,” I told her as I tried to get around her. I knew I could fight her if I had to, but I didn’t want to cause a scene in the middle of this fancy restaurant.
“Oh, but we have talked properly yet.
I hope there are no hard feelings about what happened the other day,” she said, a fake smile lighting up her face.
“Of course not,” I said with my own sarcastic and forced smile.
The woman Daisy had dinner with stepped beside her, her lips turned down in a
thin frown as she studied me.noveldrama
“Judy, have you met Donna yet?” Daisy asked.
I looked at the woman; she was even more familiar up close.
“I don’t believe so,” I said, studying her.
The woman held out her hand, dismissively.
“Donna Landry,” she introduced, making my heart drop into my stomach.
That was how she looked familiar, she was a Landry. She had Gavin and Irene’s
eyes.
Daisy grinned when she noticed the shocked expression on my face.
“Donna is Gavin’s mother.
###Take 400
Judy’s POV
I was standing in the presence of Gavin’s mother. Donna Landry.
She stared at me with such dismay that I stood there with unease bubbling in my belly. Daisy stood beside her with her arms folded across her chest and a smug smile on her lips. The last thing I wanted right now was to have this altercation with them, especially while I was out to dinner with my family, in celebration of my father coming home.
“So, you’re the hussy living in my son’s mansion,” she said bluntly, her eyes scanned me from head to toe and I felt my cheeks burning as I stared back at her.
The hussy living in her son’s mansion?
“I… I’m sorry?” I asked, hating that I stammered, but I was genuinely confused. I had never met this woman a day in my life. How could she call me a hussy without even knowing me?
My eyes flickered to Daisy who was now smirking as if she knew a dirty little secret.
“Are you the reason my Gavin refused to marry Daisy?” She asked, narrowing her eyes at me and drawing my attention back to her very displeased and stern face.
I opened my mouth to speak, but she spoke again, silencing me.
“Doesn’t matter,” she said, holding up her hand. “Soon enough, my son will come to his senses. You aren’t anything to him so there’s no need for me to worry. He tells me everything and he didn’t even bother to tell me about you, which leads me to believe that you are nobody important.”
My chest tightened at her words. I didn’t want to feel disappointed, but I did. Daisy could see it too and this only made her smirk grow more. Without another word, his mother pushed passed me and back to her table, Daisy stayed behind for a minute, her eyes never leaving mine.
“I’ve been a part of this family for a long time. I’ve been waiting for my chance with Gavin since he married my stupid sister. I’m not letting anyone…including you… stand in my way,” she hissed, and then she too pushed past me and back towards her table.
asma
In
I felt numb as made my way to the bathroom. As soon as I was in the closed compacity of the restroom tears spitted down my cheeks. L hated that I was showing this kind of weakness. I hated that I was hurt over the things someone I didn’t even know said. I knew I needed to speak to Gavin, but what was I supposed to tell him? That his mother cornered me in the restaurant, and she couldn’t stand me? That I stood no chance with him because I was nothing
compared to their family? That he’s supposed to be with Daisy and not with me?
Would he believe them?
Did it even matter? It’s not like we were in an actual relationship, and yet, it felt
like we were.
I hated the effect this was having on me. I had my own issues and my own life needed to focus my
attention on. I walked over to then et
mirro groaning when I saw my face. It was obvious that I’d been crying. I turned on the faucet and splashed some cold water onto my face. I needed to make it look like I was completely fine or else my parents would ask questions; questions that I didn’t want to answer. noveldrama
Once I was decent, I took a deep breath and rejoined my parents at the table. By the time I returned to the table, our food had already arrived My parents were the kind who wouldn’t eat unless everybody was seated and ready to eat. They both smiled at me with their hands
neatly on their laps as I took my seat.
###Take 401
“Sorry,” I said, giving them both a small smile. “Didn’t mean to keep you waiting.”noveldrama
“Is everything okay?” My mother asked, her eyes shining with concern.
I smiled, though it was forced.
“Yes,” I told her. “There was a long line for the bathroom.”
I hated lying to her, but I didn’t want her to know that I had an altercation with a Landry. My mother didn’t look as if she bought the lie though and studied me for a long while before she nodded and leaned back in her seat.
“We should eat before our food gets cold,” my father said, as he picked up his fork.
I nodded in agreement.
We ate in a comfortable silence, until a commotion took root on the other side of the restaurant, drawing in everyone’s attention.
Third Person POV
Nan had no idea what she was doing. If it weren’t for Judy convincing her all night, she probably would have told Chester no. But here she was preparing to go on her first official date with him.
She stood in her small apartment, staring at herself in the mirror, her heart in her throat. She wore a casual dress that hugged her frame perfectly and made her boobs look great. She ran her fingers through her short hair and looked into her blue eyes. She just finished giving herself a pep-talk when she heard a knock on her door.
It was a showtime.
She made her way through her living room and pulled the door open, her breath hitching when she saw Chester standing in front of her. He looked so handsome in his suit and his hair neatly done. He gave her a warm smile when he saw her and it made her heart melt on the spot.
“Wow…” Chester said, looking at her appreciatively. “You look beautiful.”
Nan blushed at the compliment and stared at the ground.
“Thanks.”
He nodded, his eyes scanning her body momentarily before he lifted his eyes to hers.
“Are you ready? I made a reservation at this new restaurant in the city.”
Nan nodded and grabbed her purse before leaving her apartment. She felt awkward, but during the car ride, neither of them spoke for a long while.
Once they got to the restaurant, things didn’t seem to get much better. Nan still felt a bit awkward, unsure of what to say to him.
The Whimsical Whisk was a
restaurant owned by Carter, Gavin’s Delta, right down the street from Carter’s resort, where Nan worked for years as a waitress. Her goal is to one day be a chef, ironically like her mate. She isn’t even sure if Chester knows that fact about her, and yet, she still can’t come up with something to say to him without it sounding lame.
“Thank you for agreeing to this date,” Chester said, his tone filled with sincerity, and maybe a hint of something else.
Nan nodded.
“I’ve been wanting to try this place out for some time now,” she admitted, taking a sip of the wine that the waiter had just placed in front of her.
Chester nodded in agreement.
“Yeah, me too,” he said softly. He found it hard to look away from Nan, whereas Nan had difficulties looking at Chester, both for similar reasons. Their mate bond was pulling one another in, and it scared them both.
Chester had never committed to anyone in his life and Nan was having trust issues when it came to him. She didn’t want to put her entire heart and soul into something that would ultimately fall apart. She tried to keep her walls up, and though Chester was afraid of the commitment, he wanted to tear her walls down. He wanted to get to know his mate… really get to know her.
Not before long the waiter was returning to take their orders; Chester let Nan order first and he sat back, listening to her detailed explanation of how she’d like her stuffed porkchop cooked and prepared.
###Take 402
By the time she finished, the waiter had filled out his entire notepad and was red in the face. He flipped to a new page and said with gritted teeth, “And what may I get for you?”
Chester grinned and pretty much did the same exact thing, only with a different dish.
The waiter pretty much grumbled as he walked away, majorly annoyed by them. Chester let out a hearty laugh as he looked at Nan, awe written all over his face.
“That was impressive,” he told her, still laughing. “Not many know exactly how they want their food prepared like that.”
Nan shrugged, biting back a smile herself, her cheeks feeling oddly warm.
“Habit, I guess,” she said softly, staring down at her wine glass. “Thanks for backing me up. I was worried he would hate me for the rest of the evening, but now it seems he’ll hate us both.”
Chester laughed again and Nan found herself liking the sound.
“What do you do for work?” Chester suddenly asked.
Nan’s face reddened even more; she was in her 20s and she felt like she hadn’t gotten all that far in life. She wasn’t a well-known chef like Chester… she felt little in comparison.
“I’m a waitress at the Carter resort,” she told him softly, taking another isp of her wine.
“No, shit?” Chester asked, raising his brows. “That explains why you know how you want your food prepared. That’s a pretty elegant place. Patrick Carter keeps a tight ship.”
Nan nodded as she thought about her boss; Delta Carter was a hard ass, but a fair man. He gave Nan the raises she’d asked for over the years and even complimented her skills. He travels a lot and always trusts Nan to keep charge of things while he’s gone.
“Patrick is actually a friend of mine,” Chester said, his eyes studying Nan. “So, if he ever gives you problems, let me know. I’ll kick his ass.”
Nan bit back another smile.
“He’s actually a pretty good boss,” she admitted.
He nodded thoughtfully.
“I’m glad to hear that. How long have you worked for him?”
“5 years,” she admitted sheepishly.
He looked surprised.
“Wow, he doesn’t usually keep employees that long…” he said, tilting his head at her. “You must be really special.” There was a twinge of jealousy behind his words that
Nan noticed, and it made heccheeks
burn.
“I wouldn’t say that,” she said quickly.
Not before long their food was served. The waiter gave them both dismissive looks as he asked them if
there was anything more they needed. They asked for more wine and the waiter went off to grab them for them.
Chester laughed as he grabbed his fork.noveldrama
“He’s going to be bitching about us all night,” he said with a grin.
Nan snorted without meaning to; her cheeks burned from the sound. It made Chester grin even more; he found that to be the cutest sound he’d ever heard.
The waiter soon returned with their wine and then left without another word, making them both suppress laughter as they started to eat their food.
Nan took small bites, noting each of the seasonings she could taste. She was impressed with the use of Tyme, paired with other seasonings that typically wouldn’t work together, but in this case, it did.
She had a bad habit of noting the different seasonings in dishes she ate without realizing she was doing it. She didn’t even know she was doing out loud until she noticed Chester staring at her with wide eyes.
Before he could say anything, he noted someone approaching them behind Nan
and his eyes darkened.
“What the fuck…” he whispered.
###Take 403
Judy’s POV
“Well, isn’t this cozy,” Harper said loud enough for the entire restaurant to hear. My eyes immediately went in that direction, as did everyone else’s. My eyes grew large when I saw Nan tensing at the table with Chester seated in front of her.
My heart hammered in my chest.
I knew Nan and Chester were going on a date tonight; I was part of the reason why Nan agreed to go out with him so easily. I didn’t know they would be at this restaurant though and I certainly wasn’t thinking Harper would show up and ruin everything for them.
“Harper, what are you doing here?” Chester asked, his tone was low and dangerous. I had never heard Chester sounding quite so pissed off before. He was typically a happy and carefree guy, but in this case, he sounded royally furious.
“What am I doing here? What the fuck are you doing here? I barely see you in the last 2 weeks and now I find out on a date with another woman” Harper growled; her arms folded across her chest.
I raised my brows at her words; she knew that Chester had found his mate and Chester made it clear to Harper that they were not together. Chester had made it clear to her that they were not together. So, I wasn’t sure what she was talking about. I could see the horror on Nan’s face all the way from the other side of the restaurant and my heart shattered for her.
“I ended things with you weeks ago,” Chester reminded her. “Who I am going out with isn’t your concern. It never has been… you were just a warm body to fuck, that was it.”
His tone was cruel, and it was meant to make Nan feel better about his past relationship with Harper. Even I knew he was trying to make it sound like his relationship with Harper was nothing more than sex. But it had the opposite effect on Nan; I watched her face redden and she was trying hard to keep the tears from pouring out of her eyes, though it was obvious she wanted to cry. Chester didn’t seem to notice though because he was too busy telling Harper off.
“We’ve broken up before and we always get back together. Chester, I love you. I choose you as my mate, when are you finally going to open your eyes and choose me too?” Harper asked desperation in her tone.
My eyes never left Nan’s reddening face; she flinched at Harper’s words and many around them gasped.
“I will never choose you as my mate, Harper,” Chester growled, his was at his white end and I could tell he was pissed and desperate to get her away. “When will you get that through your head”
“It isn’t fair,” Harper cried. “Why her? I know she’s your mate, but I have been with you for years. I stood by you when your mother died…I was there when you graduated culinary school. I helped you get the job at the Landry Mansion. I stood by you with every woman you brought home and fucked, and I barely even batted an eye because I knew at the end of the day, it was me you always returned to. Even after you met your mate, and went on a date with another woman, you still fucked me that night.”
Nan was flinching with each word spoken, but Chester was too wrapped up in his argument to notice how much pain she was in. She was desperate to find an escape out.
“Is that Nan?” My mother asked, finally noticing the girl at the table with Chester. “Yeah,” I whisper. “She found her mate.”
“Oh, that poor girl,” my mother whispered. “Finding her mate and then having this happen.”
I nodded in agreement as I turned my attention back to the scene Harper was causing.
“I was the one that’s always been
there for you, Chester. You told me I
was the only one who truly
understood you,” Harper was crying, and Nan was desperate to keep herself from crying. I could practically feel her heart breaking and I hated that it was happening to her. “You told me that you could see yourself with me long term.”
“I was drunk when I said that—”
“It doesn’t matter!” Harper snapped. “Drunk words are sober thoughts spoken out loud. You meant what you said, I could see it in your eyes. You love me, Chester.”
“I don’t!” Chester snapped; his wolf was ready to take charge. “You have no idea what you are talking about!”noveldrama
“The fuck I don’t!” Harper shouted. “I know you better than anyone. Especially better than this hussy!”
###Take 404
Before I could grasp anything, Harper grabbed Nan’s wine glass and splashed it at Nan’s dress, making everyone gasp.
Nan shot to her feet, her eyes red with unshed tears and her face flushed with embarrassment. Even my parents gasped; my mother let out a sad sigh as she saw Nan’s distraught and broken expression.
“She doesn’t deserve you. She doesn’t know you. She could never love you the way I love you,” Harper continued, pointing her red fingernail manicure at Nan’s face. I couldn’t exactly see Chester’s face because his back was turned towards me, but I knew he was looking at Nan, he was now seeing how upset she truly was and the fact that her dress was now stained, didn’t help matters.
Nan was standing to her feet, her body trembling. I knew she was about to make a run for it.
My mother tapped the table, getting my attention.
“Go to her,” she said softly.
I glanced between her and my father.
“Are you sure? I feel bad bailing on dinner,” I told her; this was an important
celebration, and family had always come first to me.
As if reading my thoughts, my father nodded his head.
“Nan is family too,” he told me. “You should make sure she’s okay.”
He didn’t have to tell me twice; I stood up quickly and started towards their table while Nan was having an internal battle.
“You’ve crossed a line, Harper,” Chester said, his tone low and deadly; their
voices got louder as I got nearer. I could see some of the security and management making their way through the restaurant as well, wondering what the commotion was all about and ready to de-escalate the situation.
“You can’t honestly say you don’t have feelings for me, Chester. I have always been there for you… I have always loved you. You can’t deny that we have history together.”
For a moment, Chester didn’t say anything. That was a huge mistake because that was the moment Nan’s face fell, and the tears sprang free from her eyes. I was there before Chester even noticed the expression on her face.
I wrapped my arm around her, startling her. I turned her way from Chester so he wouldn’t see her face.
“Bathroom,” I told her softly. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”
Chester’s eyes met mine and I could
see the real reason why he hadn’t said anything; he was fighting his wolf. His wolf wanted to spring free and tear Harper apart and he was trying desperately to keep that from happening. I felt relieved knowing that was the real, but I don’t think Nan understood that as well as I did. She took his silence as him accepting Harper’s words and
agreeing with her.
That was also the reason he didn’t notice Nan’s sunken and hurt expression because he was too focused on keeping his wolf under control. Chester had an Alpha wolf, which meant they were harder to control.
“Deal with this,” I told Chester, hoping to get through to the man and not the wolf. “Or you’ll lose you forever.”
Chester’s true eyes flashed for a
moment when he finally noticed Nan and how her shoulders were
shaking She was silently crying netnoveldrama
trying to keep it so he didn’t hear, but now he could see it. A panicked look flashed through his eyes and soon, his wolf was returning, and I could see the hatred and anger he felt towards Harper.
As we passed her, I couldn’t help but whisper, “If I were you… I’d start running.”
With those words left in the air, I guided Nan away and towards the bathrooms. I ignored the screaming as I slammed the bathroom door
shut and locked it. At that ent
Nan completely fell apart. She started to sob loudly as she fell to the ground, her entire body quivering as she let out all the surpassed
feelings she’d had that evening.
I sat with her on the ground, my eyes burning with unshed tears as I watched my best friend fall apart. I hated that this was happening; I hated that Harper was making this happen. I wanted to be friends with Harper for a long time, but now… now I couldn’t seem to look at her without feeling resentment and hatred.
I grabbed my phone and brought up my text thread with Gavin.
I sent a single text, hoping it didn’t sound like he owed me anything, but I needed
this to be done.
Me: I need a favor.
###Take 405
Third Person POVnoveldrama
Chester stood from the chair the moment Nan was out of sight. He grabbed Harper’s hand, his nails digging into her flesh. He wasn’t one to hurt women, but when said woman hurt his mate, all logic and rules went out the window. Harper screamed as the nails of his wolf dug into the soft flesh of her wrists.
Before the security team and management could reach their table and kick them out, Chester dragged Harper out of the restaurant by force, only releasing her once they were outside and even then, he swung her so hard that she nearly fell to the ground from the force. He was growling and trying desperately to keep his Alpha wolf under control, but it was hard when his wolf was so furious. Harper went from cocky and thinking she knew everything to fearful. Her eyes were large, never having seen Chester like this before.
“Chester-”
“Don’t you FUCKING speak my name,” he growled, his human mind nowhere to be found. He was pretty much all wolf in a human body. “You hurt my mate for the LAST TIME.”
“I was only trying to get you to see reason… I wanted to snap you out of whatever -“she tried to say, but Chester had her throat in his hands within seconds and slammed her against the building, making her howl in pain.
“DON’T YOU EVER SPEAK ABOUT MY MATE LIKE THAT AGAIN,” he growled, shaking the ground around them. “If you ever come near her again, I will
FUCKING kill you.”
Her entire body was shaking now; tears spilled out of her eyes.
“I thought-” her voice was small as she tried to speak, all her resolve fading. Chester didn’t give her a chance to finish that sentence before his grip around her throat tightened.
“DON’T FUCKING TEST ME, HARPER. COME NEAR HER AND SEE WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENS.”
Her face was going red from the lack of oxygen, she fought against his hold, but it didn’t seem his wolf wanted to release her just yet; he wanted her to suffer. No, he wanted her dead.
The realization started to snap Chester back to reality and released her neck with force, making her cough and gag as she fell to the ground. She rubbed her aching neck, her entire body trembling.
“If you even look at her the wrong way, I won’t stop my wolf from killing you” he warned and with that, he turned and stormed back towards the restaurant doors.
When he entered, the management team and the security were there already, like they were waiting for him.
The management was about to kick him out, that much was clear, but a familiar presence stopped them.
“What was that all about, Chester?” Patrick Carter asked, his brows raised. He wore a suit like he typically did, and his hair was neatly combed out of his face. “Causing a scene at my new restaurant?”
“Sorry, Patrick,” Chester said, running his fingers through his hair. “That wasn’t meant to happen. I promise she won’t be an issue anymore… nor will I. But I need to see my mate. I have to make sure she’s okay.”
The security team looked as if they were about to grab him and force him outside, but Delta Carter raised his hand to stop them and then he nodded at Chester.
“Just make sure no more scenes in my businesses,” he murmured. He then turned to his men. “Make sure that girl doesn’t come back.”
They all nodded.
“Yes, Delta,” they said before retreating from the building.
Patrick nodded at the management team.
“It’s been handled. Return to work,” he ordered.
“Yes, Delta,” the said as well, giving Chester wary looks before leaving.
Patrick sighed and looked at Chester, his expression softening.
“I’m only going to say this because you are my friend but get your head out of your ass. Should have seen the look on that poor girl’s face. She’s devastated. She’s my
need her at work tomorrow night broken. I think she’s in the bathroom with Judy Montague. Fix this.”
employee at the resort and net
Chester nodded and went straight towards the bathroom, aware that every eye in the place was on him. He grabbed the handle for the girls’ room but noticed it was locked, so he knocked.
“Come back later,” he heard Judy saying on the other end.
“It’s me,” he said, his tone low as he pressed his forehead to the door. His wolf had finally simmered down now that Harper was out of the picture and now Chester felt nothing but remorse and worry that he fucked everything up with his mate. “Please, let me in… Judy. There was desperation in his tone as he spoke, and he hated how weak and defeated he felt at that moment.
There was a long pause and then he heard the door unlatching. It opened slightly revealing Judy’s pissed off face. She stared around his face for a moment and then her eyes softened after she saw the look in his eyes.
“Welcome back,” she murmured. “You have a lot to talk about. Go easy on her…”
Judy disappeared in the bathroom for a moment longer, probably telling Nan she was leaving. Chester was too far into despair and fear to hear what was being said. But then a moment later Judy stepped out of her arms folded across
the
her chest.
“I’ll be out here in case anything happens,” she said definitely. “Don’t break her
again.”
Chester nodded, swallowing a lump in his throat as he stepped into the bathroom.
###Take 406
Chester stood from the chair the moment Nan was out of sight. He grabbed Harper’s hand, his nails digging into her flesh. He wasn’t one to hurt women, but when said woman hurt his mate, all logic and rules went out the window. Harper screamed as the nails of his wolf dug into the soft flesh of her wrists.
Before the security team and management could reach their table and kick them out, Chester dragged Harper out of the restaurant by force, only releasing her once they were outside and even then, he swung her so hard that she nearly fell to the ground from the force. He was growling and trying desperately to keep his Alpha wolf under control, but it was hard when his wolf was so furious. Harper went from cocky and thinking she knew everything to fearful. Her eyes were large, never having seen Chester like this before.
“Chester-”
“Don’t you FUCKING speak my name,” he growled, his human mind nowhere to be found. He was pretty much all wolf in a human body. “You hurt my mate for the LAST TIME.”
“I was only trying to get you to see reason… I wanted to snap you out of whatever -“she tried to say, but Chester had her throat in his hands within seconds and slammed her against the building, making her howl in pain.
“DON’T YOU EVER SPEAK ABOUT MY MATE LIKE THAT AGAIN,” he growled, shaking the ground around them. “If you ever come near her again, I will
FUCKING kill you.”
Her entire body was shaking now; tears spilled out of her eyes.
“I thought-” her voice was small as she tried to speak, all her resolve fading. Chester didn’t give her a chance to finish that sentence before his grip around her throat tightened.
“DON’T FUCKING TEST ME, HARPER. COME NEAR HER AND SEE WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENS.”
Her face was going red from the lack of oxygen, she fought against his hold, but it didn’t seem his wolf wanted to release her just yet; he wanted her to suffer. No, he wanted her dead.
The realization started to snap Chester back to reality and released her neck with force, making her cough and gag as she fell to the ground. She rubbed her aching neck, her entire body trembling.
“If you even look at her the wrong way, I won’t stop my wolf from killing you” he warned and with that, he turned and stormed back towards the restaurant doors.
When he entered, the management team and the security were there already, like they were waiting for him.
The management was about to kick him out, that much was clear, but a familiar presence stopped them.
“What was that all about, Chester?” Patrick Carter asked, his brows raised. He wore a suit like he typically did, and his hair was neatly combed out of his face. “Causing a scene at my new restaurant?”
“Sorry, Patrick,” Chester said, running his fingers through his hair. “That wasn’t meant to happen. I promise she won’t be an issue anymore… nor will I. But I need to see my mate. I have to make sure she’s okay.”
The security team looked as if they were about to grab him and force him outside, but Delta Carter raised his hand to stop them and then he nodded at Chester.
“Just make sure no more scenes in my businesses,” he murmured. He then turned to his men. “Make sure that girl doesn’t come back.”
They all nodded.
“Yes, Delta,” they said before retreating from the building.
Patrick nodded at the management team.
“It’s been handled. Return to work,” he ordered.
“Yes, Delta,” the said as well, giving Chester wary looks before leaving.
Patrick sighed and looked at Chester, his expression softening.
“I’m only going to say this because you are my friend but get your head out of your ass. Should have seen the look on that poor girl’s face. She’s devastated. She’s my
need her at work tomorrow night broken. I think she’s in the bathroom with Judy Montague. Fix this.”
employee at the resort and net
Chester nodded and went straight towards the bathroom, aware that every eye in the place was on him. He grabbed the handle for the girls’ room but noticed it was locked, so he knocked.
“Come back later,” he heard Judy saying on the other end.
“It’s me,” he said, his tone low as he pressed his forehead to the door. His wolf had finally simmered down now that Harper was out of the picture and now Chester felt nothing but remorse and worry that he fucked everything up with his mate. “Please, let me in… Judy. There was desperation in his tone as he spoke, and he hated how weak and defeated he felt at that moment.
There was a long pause and then he heard the door unlatching. It opened slightly revealing Judy’s pissed off face. She stared around his face for a moment and then her eyes softened after she saw the look in his eyes.
“Welcome back,” she murmured. “You have a lot to talk about. Go easy on her…”
Judy disappeared in the bathroom for a moment longer, probably telling Nan she was leaving. Chester was too far into despair and fear to hear what was being said. But then a moment later Judy stepped out of her arms folded across
the
her chest.
“I’ll be out here in case anything happens,” she said definitely. “Don’t break her
again.”
Chester nodded, swallowing a lump in his throat as he stepped into the bathroom.
###Take 407
Nan was seated on the couch in the far side of the room and Chester’s eyes widened.
“Ladies have a couch in their bathroom?” Chester asked, amazed. He shut the door behind him and locked it so they wouldn’t be disturbed.
Nan didn’t bother retorting; she stared at her hands thankful that the tears finally stopped flowing so Chester didn’t see how broken she was over this whole thing. Little did she know, he could feel it.
He stepped closer to her, wanting to give her space and yet wanting to close the distance between them with a desperation he didn’t understand.
“Nan…” he finally said, his tone soft and filled with compassion. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean for any of that to happen. She won’t be a problem for you anymore, you have my word.”
Nan glanced up at him and his heart broke when he saw that her eyes were red with unshed tears.
“She knew so much about you, Chester. You love her—”
“NO,” he said quickly as he stepped closer to her. “I’ve known her for a long time, that’s why she knows so much. But I don’t, nor have I ever, loved her. She was saying what she believed to be true, but it wasn’t how I felt.”noveldrama
“She’s never going to leave you alone…” Nan whispered, tears starting to spill down her cheeks.
He sat down on the couch beside her and took her face in his hands, wiping away the tears with his thumbs.
“You have my word, Nan. She won’t be a problem anymore. I’m so sorry our first date was ruined. I’m sorry this happened. But I promise you, it won’t happen again. Please, don’t hate me…”
There was desperation in his voice, and she found herself drawn to his sincerity. She closed her eyes, letting more tears fall and he wiped them each with his thumbs.
“Why does this have to be so hard?” She whispered. “I thought it’d be easy once I found my mate…”
He let out a soft chuckle.
“Yeah, I don’t think there’s anything easy about mating,” he murmured. “But I want to give this a chance… a real chance. Please, don’t close the door on us just yet.”
She sniffled and nodded her head once.
“Okay,” she whispered. “I won’t close the door.”
Relief flooded him as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into his chest. She was surprised by the gesture, but the moment her head touched his chest, she melted into him, feeling at ease for once in her life. He felt himself melting as well, loving the feel of her in his arms.
“Can we go somewhere else?” He asked. “Maybe a walk. I’m done with this place.”
She nodded, though she wanted to remain in his arms like this for a while. He wanted to keep holding her. So, they remained like that for a bit longer. Holding one another as if their lives depended on it.
Soon, he was releasing her, though he immediately grabbed her hand.
When he opened the bathroom door, Judy was on the other side of it with her arms folded across her chest.
She glanced up at Chester and then at Nan, her eyes narrowed as if asking Nan if she was okay to leave with him.
Nan nodded, answering the unspoken question and Judy’s expression softened as she stepped aside.
Chester took Nan out of the restaurant, ignoring the onlooking eyes of literally everyone in the place.
They walked around the city, holding hands and talking; really talking. Chester opened up about his family and how his mother passed away a few years ago. He talked about his Alpha father and how Chester didn’t want to take over the pack and pretty much allowed his brother to train for the position instead so Chester could pursue his dreams as a chef, which his father never approved of. He spoke about how Gavin opened up his pack to Chester and allowed him to pursue his dreams and how he got to know the Landry family. He even talked about how he got to know Harper and why she’s so obsessed with him.
He knew that the conversation was hard for Nan to hear about his relationship with Harper, but the air needed to be cleared. He needed Nan to trust him and to open herself up to him.
After Chester was done telling her his life story, they were seated at the local park, his arms draped around her shoulders and her body pulled close to his. They had fallen in a comfortable silence when Nan
finally spoke.
“I go to school with Judy when I’m not working,” she said softly. “I’m in the culinary program.”
His eyes grew large as he stared down at her.
“That’s how you knew so much about food and their seasonings…” he breathed; it
was an observation, not a question.
She nodded.
“I aspire to be a chef one day…”
His heart melted at the sound of her soft whisper and the words she spoke. He smiled down at his mate.
His mate wanted to be a chef… like him.
She looked almost embarrassed by it as she nibbled her lip. He cupped her face
in his hands and brought her gaze to meet his.
“I can help you make your dreams a reality Nan… but I need you to start trusting me. Do you think you can d
###Take 408
Judy’s POV
“Great job today, Matt,” I said proudly as we finished up our training for the evening. I was exhausted about ready to return home. It was the day after I went out to dinner with my family, and I hadn’t heard from Nan since last night. I was admittedly worried about her, but life had to go on.
“Thanks,” Matt said with a bright smile. “I learned a lot from watching the competition.”
I laughed and rubbed his head with my hand, ruffling his hair. We walked inside and I paused when I saw Gavin walking towards us. His expression was hard to read, but his eyes poured into me. He didn’t bother responding after I asked him for my favor last night.noveldrama
“Hi, Dad,” Matt said with a bright smile. “We just finished training. I learned new stuff from the competition and impressed Judy.”
I chuckled at his words; he wasn’t wrong.
“Nice job,” Gavin said to him, giving him an appreciative nod. “Can you give us a minute, buddy?”
Matt nodded and said goodbye to me before retreating to his room. I gazed up at Gavin, wondering what it was he wanted to talk about. He stepped closer to me, his expression suddenly softening and my heart skipped a beat at the sight of him. He brushed a strand of sweaty hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ear, his fingers lingering around my cheeks for a moment longer.
When he spoke, his tone was low and thoughtful, like his words were meant for my ears alone and I felt a warmth spread throughout my body.
“Mind to tell me why I just fired one of my most trusted maids?”
My heart stuttered at his words. I gawked at him; he was serious.
“You fired her?” I asked, already knowing he was talking about Harper. He raised his brows.
“You asked me to,” he reminded me.
I nodded and nibbled on my lower lip; I noticed his eyes dropping to my mouth
and the heat that crept up around my face made me release my lip.
“I thought you would have asked more questions,” I admitted. “You didn’t even respond to my text.”
His expression darkened for a moment.
“The fact that I didn’t ask questions and just fired her all because you asked worries me as well,” he admitted, his tone a bit rough. “But here we are. Now, explain what happened.”
I sighed and looked away for a moment, which apparently he didn’t like because he grabbed my chin gently and guided my gaze back to his, leaving me no room for argument.
“She showed up on Nan and Chester’s date last night and caused a scene,” I told him. “Poured wine on Nan’s dress and got everyone at the Whimsical Whisk to stare at them. It was bad and Nan was gutted. Chester almost killed her. They can’t work together, and Nan can’t see her again. I won’t have my best friend uncomfortable coming over. If I have to live there, and if Chester has to work there, I don’t want Harper there… I don’t want my best friend heartbroken and guarded.”
Gavin’s expression softened even more, and he nodded.
“Okay,” he said, dropping his hand from my face.
I raised my brows at his words.
“That’s it?” I asked. “Just ‘okay’?”
“What was it that you wanted me to say?” He simply asked.
“I don’t know… I thought you’d ask more questions or argue about it.”
He shrugged.
“I already fired her; it doesn’t matter anymore.”
“Yeah, but as you said, she was your most trusted maid…” I reminded him.
He nodded.
“Yes, but it seems I trust you more,” he admitted. Besides, you’re right. I’d rather have Chester working for me because he is one of the best chefs and he continues well to the pack. I don’t need him distracted or avoiding those he works around. Probably for the best.”
I was surprised by his easy assessment, and I nodded thoughtfully.
“Thank you,” I said softly, meeting his gaze for a moment. I started to walk around him, but he grabbed my arm, stopping me.
“What are you doing tonight?”
I paused and looked back up at him.
“I was planning on just going home and sleeping,” I told him with a noncommittal shrug. “Why?”
“Stay.”
His one word sent my heart into complete turmoil. His eyes were dark and brewing and it made my breathing heavy. I found myself nodding without much thought.
“Okay,” I breathed.
Before I knew what was happening, he was pulling me into his body so I was flesh against him; his strong
arms wrapped around my waist et
possessively and his lips were claiming mine in a searing kiss that made me see stars. His mouth moved perfectly against mine and when I felt his tongue sliding across my bottom lip, I gladly parted my mouth to grant him access.
###Take 409
Third Person POV
Alpha Levi was sitting at his desk when his phone rang. He didn’t need to look at the caller ID to see who it was that was calling. He grabbed the phone and pressed the “talk” button, pressing it to his ear.
“I better have good news,” he said, his tone harsher than intended.
“I don’t feel good about this…” the voice on the other end said. “What if I screw up? What if I give myself away?”
“You won’t,” Levi said, his tone turning even more sour. “Because if you do, I’ll send someone in to complete this job and you won’t like your punishment if I have to do that.”
There was silence on the other end for a long while.
“I’ll keep you updated on my progress. But it might take a while…”
“I expect a report by the end of the week. Don’t disappoint me,” Levi growled and without another word, he ended the call, slamming his phone on his desk, nearly breaking it. It wouldn’t be the first time he broke a phone; his Beta Ron would have to get him a new one periodically.
Levi stared at the information gathered about Gavin’s company information; his company is the largest franchise in the world and something Levi had been wanting for a long time. Though the company is large, it has its weak points and his relationship with Judy seems to be one of them.
He realized that she’s a strong part of his life… crumbling their relationship, might crumble Gavin which will make it easier to get a hold of his company. His children are also a factor as well; so far, Levi discovered that Mathew Landry is not Gavin’s biological son, but his nephew.
He pressed the intercom on his desk.
“Ron, have Ethan Cash come to my office immediately,” he ordered his Beta.
Within minutes, Ethan was walking into his office looking nervous. Levi fed off the nerves of others; it pleased him that he intimidated those around him. He leaned back in his seat, assessing Ethan as he closed the door behind him.
“You wanted to see me, Alpha?” Ethan asked, his eyes fixed on the ground, unable to look Levi in the eyes. It wasn’t unusual; Lycans were often difficult to look at because of their powerful aura.
“Yes, I have a task for you,” Levi told him, staring at him for a moment longer before leaning forward on his desk. “I need you to return to the Silver Crescent pack.”
Ethan’s eyes grew wide.
“What?” He asked. “Gavin is looking for me right now; he’ll kill me if he sees me.”
“You will be protected by my spies,” Levi assured him. “I found out that Gavin’s son isn’t his actual son.”
“Matthew?”
Levi nodded.
“He’s Gavin’s nephew. Matthew’s mother is Gavin’s sister,” Levi explained.
Ethan looked dlost in thought about that realization; Irene had never mentioned that. She always referred to Matt as her little brother, never her cousin. Ethan wasn’t entirely sure what to do with that information, but he knew it had to be important if Levi was bringing it up to him like this.
“I need you to find out what you can about her,” he said firmly. “Her name is Cassandra Landry, but that’s all we were able to retrieve about her. Everything else had been hidden by the Landry Corporation.”
“How am I supposed to find out information about this woman?” Ethan asked. “I don’t have any connections with the Landry’s anymore.
“Figure it out,” Levi said without hesitation. “Then report to me any findings. I’ll give you two weeks but then you better have something.”
Ethan stood; his stomach knotted. He knew if he didn’t do what Levi asked, then he could make his life a living hell. So, he nodded.
“I’ll get on that right away,” Ethan said, bowing his head before retreating from the
room.
….
Judy’s POV
“You totally kicked ass in that competition,” one of my classmates said as she walked by my table in the student lounge.
“Yeah, we were rooting for you,” her friend said in response. “You were totally awesome. I couldn’t believe I actually knew you.”noveldrama
I glanced at Nan, and she gave me an identical look, both of us knowing that these girls wouldn’t be talking to me if I hadn’t won the competition. They didn’t like either of us in the 4 years we’ve been at this school. Now that we are preparing to graduate in a few months, suddenly I’m important to them.
“Thanks,” was all I managed to say.
It’s been like this all day. Today was the first day back at school since the start of my last semester. This semester was crucial for my degree, and I was excited to finally finish up with school and get a start on my life. I know technically I don’t have to finish school; winning the competition means I was part of the Elite Gamma Force, but I really wanted to prove myself in more ways than muscles and speed. I wanted to prove my brain too.
If things didn’t work out as a gamma, at least I still have my degree and a little bit
of courage to move forward.
“Graduation cannot come soon enough,” Nan murmured as she assessed the girls walking away.
I chuckled at her statement, completely agreeing with her.
###Take 410
“Judy, Nan!”
I heard a familiar voice saying from across the student lounge and when I looked, my eyes grew wide.
“Holy shit, she’s actually here,” Nan breathed, her eyes fixed on Sammy who was walking towards us with a bright smile on her lips.
“Sammy?” I asked once she finally approached.
“It’s so good to see you both,” Sammy said, sitting in the seat across from me. “I Hope I’m not interrupting.”noveldrama
“Not at all,” I told her. “We are just surprised to see you are all. I didn’t think you’d actually be here.”
She nodded.
“I needed to get away from my pack and my boyfriend. Gavin was kind enough to set me up here. I’m really excited to start this semester with you guys.”
“When do you graduate?” Nan asked.
“Two more years,” Sammy explained.
“Too bad we didn’t know you soon,” Nan said with a small frown. “We are graduating this year.”
“That’s huge,” Sammy said with a bright smile. “Let me guess, you’re in the Gamma Force major?” She asked me.
I nodded.
“What gave that away?” I chuckled.
She laughed too and then turned to Nan.
“What about you? You don’t strike me as a gamma,” she said pointedly.
“I’m a chef,” Nan said, nibbling her lower lip. “At least aspiring to be.”
“Nan is a great cook,” I said, wrapping an arm around her shoulders and pulling her closer to me. “She’s in the culinary program and on her way to graduating top of her class. Don’t let her sell you short.”
Sammy smiled thoughtfully at that.
I noticed more eyes wandering in our direction and I tried my best to ignore them. Sammy on the other hand was glancing around with a frown before leaning into the table to speak to us.
“Everyone is staring at you,” she whispered. “Is it like this all the time?”
“Only recently,” Nan told her, just as quietly. “Since she won the Gamma competition, it’s all anyone can talk about.”
“It’s still all over the news,” Sammy agreed. “So, I don’t blame them for talking. Not often a woman takes home the title and becomes a part of the Elite. It’s a rarity and you happened to be that rarity.”
I felt my cheeks getting warmer by the second and I nibbled on my lower lip.
“What am I supposed to do? I can’t have them staring at me all the time. Will it
ever wear off?” I asked, staring between the two of them.
“I’m sure it will,” Nan said gently. “Try not to worry about it too much.”
I nodded and took a deep breath.
For the rest of the day, I tried to keep my head as low as I could. I could still feel eyes on me and hear the whispers that went on around me, but I tried my best to ignore them. By the time classes concluded for the evening, I was utterly exhausted. I thought about calling Gavin and telling him that I didn’t want to tutor Matt today, but I thought against it. I didn’t want to do that to Matt; he was expecting me around now anyway and Beta Taylor was probably already waiting for me to take me to Gavin’s Villa.
Before I left my final class of the day, my professor stopped me.
“Judy, can I speak with you for a moment?” She said, a small smile playing on her lips.
“Is everything okay, Professor Rivers?” I asked when I reached her desk.
“Yes; firstly, I wanted to congratulate you for winning the competition. That was a huge accomplishment,” she said thoughtfully.
“Thank you,” I said, feeling a bit awkward.
“And secondly, we are going to be getting a new student at some point this week He’s in your major and he’s going to need to be caught up. I was hoping you’d be able to tutor him and help him out a bit. You’d get paid of course,” she told me.
I nodded without hesitation; I could use the money, and I enjoyed tutoring.
“Sure, I would love to. When does he arrive?” I asked.
“Tomorrow,” she replied. “He’s transferring from a different school.”
“Okay,” I told her. “I’d be happy to help.”
She smiled.
“Thanks, Judy, I knew I could count on you.”
With that being said, I left and went straight toward the front of the campus. Taylor’s car was already
parked out front when I arrived.
opened the back door and paused when I saw Sammy seated in the car with her bag pressed against her chest.
“What are you doing here?” I asked getting into the car.
“Alpha Gavin said I can stay in the mansion with you,” she told me, raising her brows. “if that’s okay. I don’t really have another place lined up right now and he figured that’d be the easiest solution.
“That’s completely fine,” I told her. “I’m happy to have you.”
She beamed at me my words.
“Also, he got me a job,” she told me. “So, I can earn my keep in his pack while I’m here.”
“A job?” I asked, confused. “What type of job?”
She broke out into a wide grin.
“You are looking at your new handmaiden.
Reality set in almost right away; Gavin hired a new maid to replace Harper.
###Take 411
Judy’s POV
“Woah, this mansion is huge!” Sammy cooed as Beta Taylor pulled up to the mansion. On our way, he informed me that Gavin was giving me the night off and he would be arriving at the mansion shortly to get Sammy set up as the new maid.
I wasn’t sure of the kind of background that Sammy grew up in; I had no idea if she ever lived in a large home or if she lived in short homes. But one thing was certain, she’d never lived in a mansion before. I never had either until I came here so I couldn’t blame her for being awestruck by the sight.
Taylor stopped the car outside of the front entrance and he quickly got out to grab Sammy’s luggage which was stored in the trunk.
“Home sweet home,” I told her as I opened the car door.
“I can’t believe you live here,” she breathed. “How did you get so lucky to live in a Landry estate?”
I never actually told Sammy about my relationship with Gavin, though we didn’t really hide it all that well when we were at the resort. I assumed already that she knew about my relationship with him through Nan or something.
“It’s kind of a long story,” I admitted.
“Well, you’ll have to catch me up later,” she told me. “I’m not really used to having friends, but you and Nan have been great to me since the competition and now I finally;/feel like I have a small group I can turn to. I hope you know you can turn to me too.”
My heart melted at her words.
“Yeah, I would like that,” I told her as we walked into the mansion.
Before I could say another word, Gavin walked around the corner, his appearance business-casual and handsome as ever. My heart immediately skips a beat upon seeing him, and he pauses his movements when he sees me. His eyes scan me briefly before they fixate on Sammy.
“Welcome,” he told her. “I have some employment paperwork for you to sign, but for right now, Beta Taylor will show you to your new room.”
Sammy smiled politely at him.
“Thank you for this opportunity, Alpha. I won’t let you down,” she tells him as she follows Taylor towards the maid’s quarters.
“It was nice of you to hire her as your maid, and get her a transfer to my school,” I told him, standing a bit awkwardly in front of him. I wasn’t sure why I felt awkward in front of him, but for some reason, I did. He nodded thoughtfully, his hand reaching out to tuck a strand of fallen hair behind my ear, his fingers lingering around my cheeks for a moment too long before he pulled his hand back.noveldrama
“She’s a good friend to you and she came to me in need,” he told me. “It was the least I could do.”
“I was going to have a girl’s night tonight with Sammy and Nan; would that be okay?”
He raised his brows at my question.
“You don’t need to ask my permission to hang out with your friends.”
I shrug casually.
“But it would mean I can’t hang out with you,” I tell him with a smirk.
He thought about that for a moment and nodded.
“Guess we’ll just have to see each other tomorrow night then,” he said, running his thumb across my jaw.
As soon as we heard the door opening and shutting down the hall, he stepped away from me, giving me a respectful amount of space.
Sammy walks out with Taylor.
Sammy has a bright smile on her face.
“This place is amazing. My room is huge,” she cooed. “I think I’m going to love it here.”
“Glad things are to your liking,” he said with a nod. “Let’s go into the kitchen and discuss the terms of your contract and get these papers signed.”
He held up a folder
older of papers, a thick stack that made her eyes widen. They were pretty much the same papers that I had to sign when L
started working for him as we net
Samm went into the kitchen while I
caffed Nan and set up a girl’s night at the mansion.
After about an hour, Gavin and Sammy emerged; Sammy looked more tired than when she went in.
“I’ll leave you girls alone now,” Gavin said, adjusting the papers in his folder. “I’ll see myself out.”
Without another word, Gavin left.
“He’s an intense man,” Sammy said, running her fingers through her hair. “The paperwork was so long and thorough.”
I nodded.
“Yeah, he’s very detailed,” I tell her.
“Nan should be here any minute
are going to have a girl’s night.
eli
Chester is making our food as we speak.”
Her eyes lit up.
We
“I’m excited to have my first girl’s night in this mansion,” she breathed.
Nan arrived shortly after and soon we were gathered in the living room with plates of finger foods, deserts, wine and blankets. We were dressed in pajamas and giggling about the latest gossip.
###Take 412
“You should have seen the look on my ex’s face when I told him I was leaving,” Sammy said, shaking her head after her second glass of wine. “I thought he was going to start crying.”
“Has he tried calling you?” Nan asked.
Sammy shrugged.
“I blocked his number so who knows.”
We all chuckled.
“What about you, Nan?” I asked her curiously. “How’s you and Chester ever since your first date disaster?”
She smiled, a small blush creeping along her nose and cheeks.
“We’ve been good these last couple of days,” she admitted, nibbling on her lower lip. “He’s been really great… tentative. I haven’t seen him flirting with anyone… I think this could actually work.”
I felt relieved hearing her say that; I knew Chester could man up and get his head out of his ass if he really wanted to.
“I’m glad to hear that,” I tell her, resting my head on her shoulder as I grab another mozzarella stick off the plate. “You two are going to make beautiful food together,” I tease, a little wine tipsy.”
She chuckled, taking another long sip of her wine before pouring another glassful.
“Yeah, I think so too. He wants to help me with my cooking endeavor,” she explains. “Which is awesome. I never had anyone who wanted to help me like that before. But Chester is different. He’s been through all this already, so he knows what needs to be done.”
I nodded.
“He’s your fated mate; he was made for you. Chosen by the Moon Goddess for you… it’s supposed to be a match made in heaven,” Sammy said thoughtfully.
My heart twisted at her words; as much as I wanted to believe that what she was saying was true, part of me didn’t believe in the concept of fated mates anymore. Not since Ethan came into my life and then destroyed my vision of happily ever after. He was my fated mate; the one the moon Goddess had chosen for me. He was supposed to be my match made in my heaven, but it turned out he was just a manipulative asshole who only cared about himself. He wasn’t my perfect match… he was someone I wished I never met.
“I’m surprised you didn’t invite Irene to this girl’s night,” Nan said with a frown.
I thought about inviting her, but I knew she had her own shit to deal with, and plus, our relationship was a little weird right now. I wasn’t sure where we stood with our friendship. We hadn’t really talked since coming back from the competition and I wasn’t sure if the bond we shared while in a different country was even real.
“Maybe next time,” I settled on saying as I took another long sip of my wine before pouring myself another glass.
“So, what’s going on with you and Gavin?” Sammy finally boldly asked, her eyes narrowed at me.
My eyes grew wide at her question as I turned to look at her.
“I’m sorry, what?” I asked her, my breath coming out as a whisper. Nan laughed.
“Do you mean Sammy has no idea about this?” Nan asked, her brows raised.
“I knew it,” Sammy said, sitting back in her seat with a grin. “So, something is going on between you and Gavin.”
“W…what makes you say that?” I asked a bit awkwardly, expertly avoiding her eyes.
“Well, for starters, y’all were acting weird during the competition and I
thought it was kind of obvious. But now… I mean, look at you. You are living his mansion and the way he was looking at you earlier. It’s even more obvious now. Something is happening here… what is it?”
I nibbled on my lower lip.
“Yeah, maybe there is something. But there’s no label to it,” I admit. “We are just casual…”
“So, anyone could just hook up with him?” Sammy asked, her brows raised. “And you wouldn’t be upset?”
My cheeks flushed at her words.
“He can hook up with whoever he wants,” I told her.
Nan and Sammy exchanged knowing looks.
Soon, the front door opened, turning our attention in that direction. My heart
dropped when I saw Harper staggering into the room.
It’s obvious she’s been drinking.
Her things were all still there and though Taylor had packed her things up already, she hadn’t come tonoveldrama
collect her things. I’m
assuming that’s why she was here, but her being drunk was questionable.
being drunk was ne
“Harper, what are you doing here at this hour?” I asked, glancing at the clock. It was 11 pm at this point.
She pauses when she sees us sitting on the couch and then her eyes narrow at Nan, a scowl clear on her lips.
“You fucking home-wrecking bitch
You are going to pay for this,” she
growled and then before I could react, she was lunging at Nam.
###Take 413
Judy’s POVnoveldrama
I was quick to react. Nan jumped out of her seat, and I jumped in front of her to keep Harper from hurting her. It wasn’t difficult to stop Harper’s attack because she was drunk and sloppy in her movements. She nearly fell over by the time she even remotely reached Nan.
I had Harper pinned to the ground with ease; she screamed out in frustration as I quickly got the upper hand.
Hearing the commotion, Chester quickly ran into the room, his eyes wild as his wolf fought to take control, already sensing that his mate was in danger. The second he saw Nan standing off to the side, her eyes wide as she watched me tackle Harper, he relaxed slightly knowing she was safe, but then once his eyes found Harper, he was furious.
“What the fuck do you think you are doing” Chester asked, approaching us, his eyes never leaving Harpers. “Why are you here, Harper? You were fired.”
Tears continued to fall down Harper’s cheeks; when I didn’t think she would attack Nan again, I finally released her.
“I came to get my stuff,” she said, her bottom lip trembling. “But when I saw her here…I just snapped.”
“You need to leave before the security team throws you out,” Chester said, folding his arms across his chest.
She sniffled and wiped at her tear-soaked eyes.
“I’ll help you with your things,” I told her as I stood up from the ground, pulling her to her feet as well. My heart went out to Harper in a way; I didn’t like the fact that she wanted to fight my best friend every chance she got, but I did feel bad that she was so heartbroken.
I knew she had feelings for Chester for a long time and now it was being ripped away from her. Chester stayed behind with Nan and Sammy as I went towards Harper’s old bedroom. Once we were in her room, she broke down into more tears. She was a complete mess, and I hated that it was happening to her.
“I’m so sorry, Harper,” I whispered, stepping towards her.
“No, you aren’t,” she murmured. “How could you be? You’re taking her side over mine.”
She started to grab her things, rummaging through the room to make sure Beta Taylor didn’t forget anything.
“Of course, I’m taking her side; she’s my best friend,” I say, sitting on the edge of the bed. “But that doesn’t mean I’m not feeling remorseful about what you are going through. I wish there was something I could do that didn’t require hurting my best friend.”
“I’ve loved him for so long,” she whispered. “Ever since he moved to the Silver Crescent pack. It just doesn’t seem fair.”
“Nan is his fated mate. You had to know the possibility of that happening.”
She frowned deeply as she narrowed her eyes at me.
“I thought he would have rejected her,” she admitted. “Like I rejected mine for him…”
My mouth all but fell open as I gawked at her. Did I hear her correctly?
“You rejected your fated mate?” I asked her.
She nodded, nibbling on her lower lip as she processed the gravity of the situation.
“I thought he would have done the same thing,” she whispered brokenly.
Rejecting a mate right off the bat was a rarity amongst wolf shifters. Wolves found their mate bonds to be sacred and unlike anything else they’ve ever experienced.
“Who was your mate?” I asked, perplexed. “When did you meet him?”
“It doesn’t matter anymore. He wants nothing to do with me. I rejected him in the worst way possible and now he hates me,” she whispered, more tears falling from her eyes.
“When did this happen, Harper?” I asked her.
“A few months ago,” she admitted. “At that moment, I thought Chester and me were end game. But it ended up being a dead end…”
“I’m so sorry,” told her. “I can’t
fathom the thought of your mate truly hating you like this though.
You’d have to do something trunet
[e
awful to get them to hate you Maybe you still have a chance?”
swny
She gave me a sad smile and shook her head.
“No,” she whispered. “I don’t.”
I stood up and wrapped my arms around her, hugging her tightly.
Soon, there was a knock on the door, and it opened slightly, revealing Chester. He glanced between the two of us warily, like he expected us to be fighting or something.
“Is everything okay?” He asked after a moment of silence.
“I’m not attacking her if that’s what you’re worried about,” Harper murmured, folding her arms across her chest. “That’s what you came to check on, right?”
Chester sighed and fully stepped into the room.
“Harper, do you think we can talk before you leave?” He asked, his demeanor, oddly calm for someone who just watched her try and attack his mate. I could tell his wolf had relented full control and Chester was back in charge.
inth
Harper nodded her head once and I excused myself, rejoining Nan and Sammy in the living room. I spent time catching them up on what Harpe and I spoke about, and were astonished when I told that Harper gave up on her own fated mate so she could be with Chester. She was gutted because she thought that Chester would do the same for her, but when that wasn’t the case, it caused her to snap.
###Take 414
I could tell from the nervous way she was biting her lip that she was nervous.
We were all pretty much thinking the same thing… what were they talking about?
Third Person POV
Once alone, Chester closed the door to Harper’s room. His heart went out to Harper in a way; he had been through a lot with her. Experienced a lot with her. He always told himself that if he were to fall in love with anybody, it would be Harper. But then he found his mate and everything changed. He hated that he was losing his friend like this, and he hated what they had become.
“You can’t keep attacking my mate every time you see her, Harper,” Chester finally started to speak after what felt like an eternity of silence. “It’s not fair to anybody involved and it’s not fair to yourself to keep holding onto the past like this.”
She chewed on the inside of her cheek, as she often did when she was nervous.
“I thought it was going to be us against the world,” Harper snapped back. “You always said that I was the only one who got you. That it was me and you forever despite all the obstacles…”
“I said that in the heat of the moment, Harper,” he said, narrowing his eyes at me. “You can’t fault me for the shit I say during sex.”noveldrama
“It doesn’t make it any less true! You were supposed to reject her, just like I rejected my mate!”
His eyes grew large at his admittance. He hadn’t heard that Harper found her mate or that she rejected him.
“You rejected your mate?” Chester asked, his brows knitted together tightly. “Why would you do that?”
“For you!” Harper said loudly; she was sure the others had heard her by now. “I rejected him for you, just like you were supposed to reject her for me.”
Chester stared around her tear-stained face for a bit longer, his resolve fading slightly and the fight leaving his body. He had no idea that she rejected her mate for him… he had no intentions of rejecting Nan… the thought of it made him sick to his stomach.
Unbeknownst to Chester and Harper, Nan had snuck away from her friends so she could listen to what they were talking about. Her heart was in her throat as she peeked through the door and saw them talking.
Chester had stepped closer to Harper and Nan didn’t like their close proximity; it made her feel uneasy.
Chester put his hands on Harper’s shoulders, forcing her to remain still and to look up at him.
“I didn’t know you felt that strongly,” he murmured. “I thought this was a casual fling… but knowing you loved me like that. Enough to reject your mate…”
Nan’s eyes immediately filled with tears at the sound of Chester’s voice; it was soft and compassionate. Like a lover speaking to his woman. She bit her lip to keep from sobbing, but she needed to hear more; she needed to hear what he was going to say next.
“I would do anything for you, Chester,” Harper whispered, her lip trembling. “When will you learn that?”
“I guess I couldn’t read you as well as I thought, he admitted gently. “One thing was always certain; you were my best friend. The only one who truly understood me and loved me just the way I was. I never had to be anyone different. I could sleep around, and you’d still be here waiting for me with a warm bed. I always looked forward to spending time with you.”
Every word was a blow to Nan’s chest and heart; she thought she was going to fall to the ground.
“I don’t regret anything that we shared,” he continued softly.
A small smile tipped the corner of Harper’s lips.
“Me neither,” she whispered.
Nan watched as Harper stood on her toes, her cheeks flushed, her eyes hooded and her lips parted
slightly as she neared Chester’s net
mouth Chester stood still, looking down at her and Nan was seconds away from turning and leaving, but then Chester’s voice made her freeze.
“But I’m pretty sure I’m in love with Nan,” he said softly, making Harper pause and open her eyes even more. “She’s my mate, Harper. The thought of rejecting her makes me sick to my stomach. I could never reject her… I’m falling for her pretty quickly and that scares the shit out of me. It’s a new feeling that’s foreign to me… but it’s real and it’s there. I could never be what you need me to be because I don’t belong to you and I never truly did. It’s Nan… I’m choosing Nan.”
###Take 415
Judy’s POV
Nan walked back into the room with a dazed expression, and I narrowed my eyes.
I knew she wanted to spy on Chester and Harper to find out what they were saying to one another. But the look she had on her face was a mix of fear, pain, and maybe a bit of happiness. I couldn’t really tell what was going on through her mind and before I could ask, Harper walked down the hallway with her things in her hands.
She paused once she noticed us all staring at her and her cheeks flushed red. She stared at the ground for a moment, nibbling on her lower lip before glancing up at me.
“I’ll be seeing you,” she said simply. “I’m sorry for causing such a scene.”
I wasn’t sure what to say in return, so I only nodded and watched as she left the mansion. A few minutes later, Chester returned to the living room as well. He ran his fingers through his blonde disheveled hair and gave me a small smile.
“It’s been dealt with,” he told me honestly. “She won’t cause any problems anymore.”
I nodded my thanks to him, my eyes fixed on Nan’s face. Chester also noticed her expression and a worried crease formed between his brows.
“Are you okay?” Chester asked her, his eyes narrowed.
Nan bit her lip and nodded, though her face gave her away. She wasn’t okay; she saw or overheard something that unsettled her. Chester didn’t look as if he bought it either, but when he glanced over at us, he realized this wasn’t something Nan wanted to share in front of him and that he should leave.
“Okay, well, I’m going to head to bed then,” he murmured. “It’s pretty late.”
We all nodded and said our goodnights as Chester disappeared down the hallway. The sound of his door opening and clicking shut sounded through the room. Nan’s body finally relaxed a bit, but she still looked tense as she lowered herself on the couch next to me.
“Nan?” I asked, my brows raised as I studied her face. “What happened? What did you hear?”
Nan was still processing her words, but she managed to speak so softly that I had to strain to hear her.
“He’s in love with me…” she whispered. “He’s actually in love with me.”
“What?” I gasped, glancing at Sammy who was also looking shocked.
“I overheard him telling her that he loves me and that he chooses me…” she whispered.
“That’s huge,” Sammy breathed. “Do you feel the same way about him?”
“It’s too soon to tell,” she said, shaking her head. “I don’t know how I feel yet.”
“And that’s okay,” I told her,noveldrama
wrapping an arm around her
shoulders. “You don’t have to know how to feel just yet. Take your timè. I doubt Chester is going anywhere. I mean, he confessed to loving you. He’ll wait for you. He’s your mate after all.”
“When did our lives get so messy?” Nan whispered as she placed her head on my shoulder.
I let out a soft chuckle.
“I have no idea,” I admitted.
“I vote that we get our minds off stupid boys and just enjoy girls’ night,” Sammy
suggested, lifting her glass of wine with a bright and hopeful smile.
I smiled in return, grabbing my wine just as Nan grabbed hers. We lifted our
glasses in the air and cheered before taking long and steady sips of our drinks.
“To girl’s night!”
Gavin’s POV
was quiet when I
The mansion was
entered. It was past midnight, and I heard the light snoring of one of the girls on the couch. Judy was on one of the couches while Nan was curled up on the loveseat and Sammy was lying on the other couch. Their empty bottle of wine sat on the coffee table.
I walked towards Judy, brushing a strand of hair from her face. She was wearing her hair in a messy bun and had a long T-shirt on that covered most of her body, down to her upper knees.
She stirred lightly from my touch and when her eyes fluttered open, they widened upon seeing me. She sat up slowly, her eyes narrowed.
“Gavin?” She whispered, glancing around at the other two to make sure they were still asleep. “What are you doing here?”
Truth be told, I had no idea why I
was there I was lying in bed, intent on sleeping, and I found myself
unable to sleep, the next thing
knew, I was standing in the mansion desperate for a taste of her.
###Take 416
Without a word, I lifted her off the couch. She bit into her lip to keep from
squealing from the sudden movement. I kept my arms around her small frame, pressing her firmly against my chest as I walked into her bedroom on the second floor.
She didn’t argue with me and when I kicked the door shut behind me, she let out a breath she had been holding, as if she was afraid that breathing would wake up her friends.
“What is going on?” She asked again as I tossed her onto the bed.
I smirked at her.
“What do you think?” I asked, my tone laced with a hint of teasing as I took off my shirt, showing off every single one of my abs front and center. She gazed down my body and I saw the dark lust that consumed her as she took me in.
Her eyes finally met mine.
“You couldn’t survive one night?” She asked; a hint of teasing in her tone.
I smirked at her and leaned down so my body was pressed against hers, pinning her to the bed, my eyes searching hers before dropping to her gorgeous and plump lips.
“No,” I answered bluntly. “I couldn’t wait a single fucking day to do this…”
I lowered myself down and pressed my lips against hers. It was meant to be a simple soft kiss, but after a moment, it deepened. My tongue slipped into her parted lips, tasting and capturing everything that I could. He let out a breathy moan into my mouth and I swallowed it down with a hunger that I had never felt before.
The way her body moved against mine; the way she felt pressed against me and the softness of her skin was driving me wild. I let out a low growl as I nipped at her bottom lip and then trailed my mouth down the nape of her neck, sucking and licking every corner of it until I reached her shoulder.
She gasped as I sucked on her sweet spot; my fingers played with the hem of her shirt, lifting it slightly to reveal her silk panties, trailing them up her body, revealing her stomach and bare breasts.
I lifted her shirt over her head, tossing it to the side with mine, and captured her nipples in my mouth, My tongue glided over her breasts, and I let out a guttural groan at the taste of her skin. Goosebumps trailed along her arms and body.
I kissed down her body after spending a few minutes teasing each of her breasts. I tugged down her panties as I positioned myself between her legs. I took her in; her gorgeous sight, her incredible scent… my mouth practically watered with need as I kissed her inner thighs. The evidence of her arousal dripped from her and I let out another guttural groan as she ran her fingers through my hair.
I kissed her clit gently before I let my tongue do the rest of the work. I sucked and
teased the little ball of nerves until she was practically panting with need. I
inserted my fingers, stroking her G-spot.
She let out a moan and a gasp as I hit that perfect spot; the one that made her toes curl and her back è arch. She was so gorgeous like this.. at my mercy, being pleasured by my fingers and tongue. She let out another breathy moan as she spoke my name, begging me to let her cum. She knew I liked to dominate and control when she released, and it made me even harder thinking she was waiting for me to give her the okay.
“Shit, you’re so wet,” I told her as I came up for air, my lips glistening with the evidence of her arousal.noveldrama
Her hooded eyes were dark as she stared down at me; she was right at the edge, and I could tell right away that she was desperate for a release.
I sucked on her clit some more and murmured, “Cum for me…”
Per usual, her body responded to me right away and she exploded all around me. I continued to pump my fingers in and out of her as I sucked on her clit while she rode out her orgasm.
I stopped once she became breathless and a twitching pile of goo on her bed.
I sat back on my heels, satisfied with my work as she fought to catch her breath. After a long while of panting, her eyes finally opened, and she looked at me. “So glad you crashed girl’s night…”
###Take 417
Judy’s POV
I straddled him, wrapping my arms and legs around his body as his lips found mine. His kiss was far beyond any kiss that he’d ever given me before. This was filled with something I couldn’t figure out. It was an emotion that couldn’t quite be named, yet it was filled with so much promise. His strong arms wrapped around my thin frame, pulling me even closer to him as he poured everything, he had into
me.
His tongue invaded my mouth, exploring and tasting everything, I had to offer, drawing out a soft moan from me. He tangled his fingers in my hair, pulling me even closer to him if that was possible, keeping my head in place as he took what he needed from me. I rubbed against him, my made form pressed against his sweatpants, making me moan in pleasure as I felt every inch of his erection. He wanted me to feel exactly what I was doing to him and how turned on he trulynoveldrama
was.
My friends were sleeping downstairs in the living room still, completely oblivious to the fact that I was upstairs being dominated by Gavin Landy.
He reached between us and tugged down the waistband of his sweatpants, releasing himself. His massive and hard length pressed against my stomach, eager and waiting for me, wanting to know what I’d do.
I took him in my hands, stroking him gently; I could barely get my whole hand around him because of how thick he was. He let out a sharp breath, closing his eyes and pressing his forehead against mine as I continued to feel and explore his manhood.
“You feel so good,” he whispered, his lips capturing mine in a searing and breathtaking kiss that made my heart skip a beat.
I felt his precum on the tip of his cock and it made me want him even more.
He brought his lips to my neck, sucking and nibbling every nook and cranny that he could as I positioned myself on top of his length, the tip at my entrance. I let myself sink down on top of him, making us gasp in unison.
“Fuck,” he said against my lips.
He gripped my hips tightly as he moved me up and down his length; I went with ease. His manhood hit that perfect spot buried deep inside me that made me moan and gasp with each thrust. His eyes remained on mine and I saw the lust and desires in his eyes. My heart was beating rapidly as we picked up the pace. His thrust met mine and soon the room was filled with the sounds of our skin slapping against one another and our breathy moans.
Sweat coated my forehead and started to drop down the nape of my neck. He held me close as he pounded into me.
“Gavin…” I moaned as his lips once again found mine.
He kissed me deeply, causing my lips to be swollen and red. I was so close my entire body felt as though it was on fire. Tingles erupted around my flesh, and I threw my head back, letting out another loud moan as I came undone on top of his cock.
He held me in place as he continued his thrusting, until he was nothing more than
a quivering mess, releasing load after load.
We stayed like that for a long while; his arms protectively around my sweat-soaked body, my face buried in his chest and his cock still in my core with cum dripping around it and down my inner thighs.
After a few minutes, he finally pulled out of me, watching as his cum oozed out of my core.
His lips captured mine in one last gentle kiss; this kiss felt different than all the other kisses. This kiss felt like a promise.
“Sleep with me tonight,” he whispered against my ear, his tongue darting out to caress my lobe.
I nodded without hesitation; not sure I could move even if I wanted to. Sensing my inability to move, he chuckled and pulled me into his arms further as he lay down on the bed.
He grabbed the covers and pulled them over our naked bodies, draping the soft fabric over me to keep me warm. I melted into him.
I still had so many questions for him; like what was this? Or what did any of this even mean?
He ran his fingers through my hair lovingly.
“Get some sleep,” he whispered. “Just sleep…”
My mind was whirling the next day. Gavin wasn’t in bed when I woke up. I hated that I woke up alone and I
hated even more that he wasn’t Nobody
anywhere in the mansion, net
had seen him last night, but they all knew he was there based on his lingering scent.
###Take 418
hey assumed I had sex with him last night, but other than that, I didn’t tell them about how different it felt, about how different I felt. Something about my relationship with Gavin had shifted these last few days and it was something I wanted to explore.
But I wasn’t sure if it was something he would want to explore with me. it was something I was hoping to talk to him about this morning, but he was nowhere to be seen. It hurt that he left without saying a word to me, but maybe there was an actual reason as to why he ditched me.
I quickly got dressed because we were going to be late for our morning classes if we didn’t hurry. I was also incredibly hungover; probably wasn’t a good idea to get drunk the night before school, but there was no turning back now, and plus, it’s not like I’m alone in this. Nan and Sammy were just as messed up as I was.
Beta Taylor was the one who dropped us off at the campus; once we arrived on campus, we went our separate ways to our classes. I had trouble concentrating for most of the day because all I could think about was my new dynamic with Gavin. It felt like we were treading the relationship territory; like if we were to hook up with other people, it would be wrong.
I wanted to talk to him about it; I found myself checking my phone constantly throughout the day to see if he messaged or called me, but he hadn’t. it bothered me that he hadn’t bothered to reach me throughout the day after he completely rocked my world last night.
Did last night mean anything to him at all?
“Earth to Judy,” Nan said, waving her hand in front of my face as she sat down at the student lounge at the sat in front of mine. “Where is your mind today? You seem like you’re a million miles away.”
I nodded, my mind still swirling with thoughts, but I was more focused on the present moment.
“Sorry; I guess I’m just feeling a little off today,” I told her softly, trying to clear my head.
“I’m just going to head to class; maybe that’ll make me feel better.”
I stood and gave her a soft smile with a wave. I could still feel her eyes on me, long after I left her in the student lounge alone.
“Judy, just the person I wanted to see,” Professor Rivers said as soon as I entered the empty classroom. I was early for class, which wasn’t surprising because it didn’t start for another 15 or so minutes.
I paused before passing by her desk. A boy was standing beside her desk; he was
tall with dark hair and very strong-looking muscles. I had never seen him around here before but when our eyes met, he gave me a polite smile and a head nod before I looked back at Professor Rivers.
“Is everything okay?” I asked her, wondering why she was looking for me. She nodded.
“Oh, yes, everything is fine,” she assured me. I wanted to introduce you to Lukas,” she explained, motioning for the boy beside her. He just transferred. I’m going to need someone to catch him up and tutor him a little. I thought you’d be perfect for the job.”
She had mentioned something like this the other day too, but when I didn’t hear anything more about it, I assumed she didn’t need me anymore.
“You want me to tutor him?” I asked, glancing in his direction. He glanced at menoveldrama
briefly, a small smile tipping the corner of his lips.
“Yes,” Professor River said thoughtfully. “His parents are well off and are prepared to pay you for your services.”
I thought about it for a moment, I could use the extra money.
I nodded thoughtfully.
“Okay, yeah, I’ll tutor him,” I agreed.
Professor Rivers beamed at my easy acceptance.
“Perfect, I’ll let you two get to know one another before class,” she told me as she
stepped aside, motioning for us to take our seats.
I nodded and went towards my seat, well aware that he was following me. Once I sat, he sat in the seat beside mine.
“Judy Montague,” Lukas said,
holding out his hand. “Lukas Merryweather. I’m a huge fan of yours and I look forward to spending a lot of time with you over these next couple of weeks. I hope we can become friends.”
###Take 419
Judy’s POV
Over the course of the next couple of days, I hadn’t heard much of Gavin. Matt had been away on a school trip, so I didn’t need to go to the Villa for tutoring. I preoccupied my time with Lukas Merryweather and tutoring him. He was actually a pretty nice guy. He was really funny and intelligent.
He was top of his class in his old school and came here for more of a challenge. He was Alpha Mica’s nephew and lived in his territory; I didn’t notice at the time, but Lukas was also at the competition, and he said that I kicked his ass pretty early on and made him give up.
The last couple of days, he had been hanging out with Nan, Sammy, and me in the student lounge. They found him just as funny as well and we enjoyed having him be a part of our little group.
When we were studying, we were training in the gym. He was good, but not as good as me and it was no wonder I was able to beat him easily in the competition. I couldn’t even imagine how embarrassed Mica must have been when I took down his nephew with ease. The other Lycans must have given him hell for that.
“You should come over tonight so we can start on that project for Professor Rivers,” I told him a few days after we officially met for the first time.
He nodded as he took a bite of his sandwich.
“Yeah, I can do that. Send me your address,” he told me.
I nodded and sent him a quick text with my address.
Soon, Beta Taylor pulled up to come and get me. I waved goodbye to Lukas and hopped into the back seat of the car. Lukas walked to his own car as Taylor drove off.
“New friend?” Taylor asked, raising his brows as he stared at me through the rearview mirror.
I glanced at him, confused.
“I’m tutoring him,” I explained. “But yeah, he’s a pretty cool guy. I enjoy spending time with him. He’s coming over tonight to work on a project.”
Beta Taylor’s eyes widened at my words and for a moment, he looked kind of uneasy.
“Does Gavin know about this?”
My brows knitted together.
“I don’t need Gavin’s permission,” I told him bluntly. “He’s not my boyfriend and also, Lukas is just my friend.”
“Lukas…” Taylor let the name rest on his tongue for a moment. “Merryweather?”
I nodded.
“Yeah, he’s Alpha Mica’s nephew,” I replied.
“I thought he looked familiar,” Taylor said, shaking his head.
He didn’t look particularly pleased, but the conversation didn’t continue as he silently drove me to the mansion.
Once there, I quickly got out of the car, thanked Taylor, and headed inside. The way Taylor was in the car when I spoke about Lukas, made me a bit uneasy. I was worried that maybe hanging out with him wasn’t a good idea because of Gavin. I mean, he was another Lycan’s nephew after all… which meant that Lukas also had a bit of Lycan blood in him.
I doubted Gavin would want him in his mansion, but Gavin hadn’t really been around these last few days so he probably wouldn’t even notice that he was here.
I immediately went upstairs and put on something more comfortable so I could
start this project as I waited for Lukas to arrive. He was due to be here in the next hour or so.
Chester made some food for our study session, which I was beyond grateful for.
Not before long, Lukas was
knocking on the door and I was
opening it smiled when I saw him standing outside with his backpack slungover his shoulders and his hair a bit disheveled from running his fingers through it.
“Hey,” I said, stepping aside.
“I didn’t realize you lived in such a huge home,” he said, admiring the sight before
him. “You are very modest at school.”noveldrama
I smiled and shut the door behind him.
“Actually, it’s not really my home. I’m only staying here temporarily” I told him; though something about that sentence clawed at me, I swallowed it down and led him into the living room where everything was already set up.
“This place is huge,” he breathed. “Who does it belong to?” “Gavin Landry,” I told him as sit on the one of the couches.
He freezes for a moment, registering that name.
“Alpha Lycan Gavin Landry?” He asked, raising his brows.
I nodded, nibbling on my lower lip and trying to keep from meeting his gaze.
“He’s letting you stay in his mansion?” He prodded, studying my reddened face.
“Yeah, something kind of happened with my family and I have this stalker ex, etc etc,” I told him, my face reddening even more.
###Take 420
“I’m sorry to hear that,” he said thoughtfully. “It was nice of Gavin to let you stay in his mansion while all that got sorted though.
I nodded, a small smile tugging at my lips.
“Yeah, it was nice of him,” I said softly. “He’s always been kind like that… at least to me.”
“As far as Lycan’s go, my uncle Mica doesn’t mind him,” Lukas suddenly says with a shrug. “he’s probably the only other Lycan he can tolerate.”
I let out a soft laugh.
“The irony is… he’s impossible,” I tell him as I grab a piece of food.
“This food is really good,” Lukas praised as he too took a bite.
I nodded.
“All thanks to Chester, our head chef,” I replied. “He’s one of the best cooks in the world.”
For the next several hours, we spent time eating, drinking wine, and chatting. We also did a little work as well, but not as much as I was anticipating. We made a little progress when it started to get late, and I was getting exhausted.
“I should go,” Lukas said, stretching his arms and legs out and yawning. “I had a nice time though. Maybe next time we can actually get some work done.”
I laughed and nodded in return as I cleaned up our mess in the living room.
“Yeah, next time we’ll definitely have ot get some work done. I’ll meet you in the student lounge tomorrow afternoon, and we can get some more progress done.”noveldrama
“Sounds good,” he said as he stood.
“Hold on, I’ll walk you to the door,” I tell him as he grabs his backpack and shoulders it.
He waits for me to clean up the rest of the mess before I join him.
Gavin’s POV
It was nice to finally be home after being away with Matthew and his school for the last couple of days. hated that I had to attend that event, but it was worth it because it was important to Matt, which meant it was important to me. Plus, thad to get away for a few days.needed to clear my head. Judy had all consumed my thoughts and I needed to figure shit out for myself.
Beta Taylor had texted me a couple of times earlier today but ignored each text. I knew if it was an emergency he would have called me, which meant him reaching out to me via text wasn’t my Beta trying to reach his Alpha, it was a friend trying to reach his friend.
Once I was settled in at home and unpacked, I grabbed my phone and scrolled through the messages. There were no messages from Judy, which wasn’t surprising but when I read Taylor’s messages, my heart sank.
Taylor: Judy invited a guy over to the mansion to study tonight; just thought you’d like to know.
My blood boiled when I read that text message, and a low growl escaped my throat. It was sent several hours ago, and it was pretty late in the evening now. If I went there, I could probably still smell the lingering scent of this guy and figure out who he was. I thought about texting Taylor and asking him if he knew who it was, but I decided against that. I decided I was just going to go to the mansion and see
Judy; I could ask her myself.
I got straight into my car and drove right to the mansion. It was nearly midnight, there was no way he was still here at this hour for studying. But once I pulled up front and saw an unfamiliar car parked nearby, my heart sank even more.
He was here…
At this hour
I got out of my car, slamming it shut behind me and I marched up the front steps that lead to the large porch. I grabbed my keys and
unlocked the front door. Pushiol net
the
door open, I was greeted with the familiar scent of a Merryweather; I knew the scent well because I was closer to Mica Merryweather vs the Lycans.
But what was a Merriweather doing in my territory?
I went towards the living room where the scent got strong and just as I was pushing the door open, I froze. In the crack of the door, I saw Judy leaning in and wrapping her arms around a tall gentleman.
He wrapped his arms around her as well and he held her close.
I was seeing fucking red.
Before I could stop myself, I slammed the door open with force, making it hit the
wall and crack under its force. Judy quickly jumped away from the guy, her eyes wide with alarm and she sucked in a sharp breath when she saw me.
“Gavin?”
###Take 421
Judy’s POV
As I walked Lukas to the living room door, he paused for a moment before we went into the front foyer.
“Thank you again for helping me out, Judy,” he told me. “It’s hard moving to a different school, and you’ve made it a lot easier. I’m glad we can be friends.”
I nodded and smiled at him.
“Yeah, me too,” I told him.
“I’ll say goodbye here and show myself out,” he told me, giving me a brief hug. “Oh, by the way… do you think I can get Sammy’s phone number? She’s super cute.”
I couldn’t help but laugh as I hugged him back.
“I’ll see what I can do,” I told him.
Just as he was about to pull away, the door slammed open, making us both nearly fall over startled.
The fire in his eyes was enough to kill a thousand men, and his Alpha and Lycan aura worked together to roll off him in waves, making me shudder. Lukas had gone completely pale. I was surprised by this because his uncle was also a Lycan; I thought he would have been used to the Lycan power by now. Not to mention, Lukas came from a Lycan bloodline. Then again, Gavin was the most powerful of them, so I shouldn’t have been surprised that Lukas felt it tenfold.
“I don’t remember giving a Merryweather permission to take up residence in my pack,” Gavin said through his teeth, his eyes flashing dangerously as he glared at Lukas.
“He goes to my school,” I was quick to explain. “We were studying and-”
“Is that what it was you were doing?” Gavin asked, his eyes never left Lukas’s. “It didn’t look like much studying was getting done.”
“I was just leaving,” Lukas said, his voice coming out squeakier than it had before Gavin showed up.
“Yes, you were,” Gavin agreed firmly. “And I’ll be speaking with your uncle about your lack of common sense. You should be asking my permission if you are to step foot in not only my pack but my mansion as well.”
Luka’s eyes grew wide as he glanced at me.
“I didn’t know this was the Alpha’s mansion.”
I folded my arms across my chest and glared at Gavin. He was being a complete ass for no reason. He has no claim over me to be jealous and he doesn’t really live here. Yes, it was his mansion, but his primary home was his villa on the other side of his pack.
“You aren’t in the wrong, Lukas,” I told him, my eyes never leaving Gavin’s face. “I live here, and you are my guest.”noveldrama
“This is my home,” Gavin shot back, a bite to his words. “You ask my permission before you step foot in here again, understood?”
“Yes, Alpha. I apologize. If I had known this was your home, I would have asked first.”
“Why are you in my region and not your Mica’s?” Gavin asked, narrowing his eyes.
“I already told you, he goes to my school,” I said, exasperated and annoyed.
“I want to hear it from him.”
Lukas swallowed, clearly terrified of Gavin.
“I attend the Shifter Academy. It’s rated the top school in the world. I just
transferred a few days ago and Judy was assigned to be my tutor for the next few weeks,” Lukas explained.
“It’s a job,” I further explained. “His family is paying me.”
“I didn’t approve of you getting another job,” Gavin said, his eyes finally finding
mine and I could see the inner turmoil within them.
My jaw nearly dropped at his bold statement.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t think I needed to ask her permission, great lord,” I shot back sarcastically, making Lukas suck in a sharp breath. I’m sure he’s never heard anyone speak to a Lycan like this before, but my retationship with Gavin was… complicated.
“Did you not read the contract I had you sign?”
“You mean the 500-page book? I must have missed it,” I muttered, rolling my eyes. “Are we done here? Lukas needs to get going. It’s late and you’re delaying his travels home.”
“Where are you staying?” Gavin asked.
“I got a dorm at the academy,” Lukas told him, shuffling awkwardly in his shoes.
“The Academy is public domain
stated in the school handbook which was signed by each of the Lycan Chairmen,” I reminded him. “He’s not breaking any rules. I didn’t tell Kim that this was your property and for that I apologize. But you have no right to be upset with him over this. If you are to be upset with anyone, it should be me.”
###Take 422
I saw Gavins’ nostrils flaring but he didn’t say anything in response. He continued to glare at Lukas until he was even more uncomfortable than he was a moment
ago.
“I really should go,” he said. “It was nice to officially meet you, Alpha.”
Lukas was smart not to give me another hug or say anything to me for that matter.
If he had, there was no telling what he would do. He quickly bowed to Gavin before retreating from the mansion, leaving Gavin and me alone.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” I asked as I turned back towards the living room and went to the couch.
“I don’t typically enjoy it when the family of other Lycans are in my territory,” Gavin told me, his eyes never leaving the back of my head; I nearly melted until his scrutiny. “You should have known better than to bring him here.”
I sat down and folded my arms across my chest like a defiant child.
“It wasn’t his fault, and you treated him like shit. He’ll probably never want to talk to me again.”
I felt Gavin approaching me, but I refused to look at him.
“And that’s a problem?” He asked, his tone was low and dangerous, but I wasn’t afraid of him.
“I’m his tutor, Gavin,” I sighed. “His family is paying me to get him caught up.”noveldrama
“Do I not pay you enough?”
“You pay me fine, but-”
“Then why are you seeking another job?” He asked before I could finish my sentence.
“I wasn’t seeking another job. My professor asked for a favor and told me it was a paid opportunity. I took her up on that offer,” I explained.
“You could have told her you have other obligations.”
He was now standing in front of me, and I felt his eyes pouring into my face. I pressed my lips in a thin line as I lifted my gaze to meet his.
“I told her that I had another tutoring job, but I could tutor Lukas around my schedule,” I told him. “Matthew will always be my first priority; you know that.”
Gavin processed my words; I could I practically see the wheels turning in his mind. refused to back down; was not in the wrong. Maybe I was wrong for not telling Gavin that Lukas would be coming overto study, but other than that, wasn’t in the wrong. He was being ridiculous.
Gavin swallowed hard; his Adam’s apple bobbing as he did so.
“Why was he touching you?”
His question took me off guard; I wasn’t expecting to have him directly bring up
the real reason why he was upset, but also the hint of vulnerability in his tone was surprising.
My brows furrowed at his question.
“What?” I asked him.
“Don’t make me repeat myself, Judy,” he said through a tightened jaw. He shocked me further by
kneeling in front of me, so he wan et
now at eye level with my
couch-seated form. “Why was he touching you?” He repeated anyway, this time his voice was softer and more intimate and my stomach flipped.
The fight in me was quickly fading when I saw the hurt flash in his eyes.
“I…..” I started to say, but I wasn’t sure what to say. I was confused by this level of vulnerability coming from the almighty Lycan. “It was just a hug goodbye,” I told him, my tone much softer than I intended.
He ran his hands up my hips, making me tremble from his touch.
“Did he touch you anywhere else?” He asked, his tone low, but the dangerous edge was almost completely gone.
“No, of course not,” I told him softly. “It was only a hug, Gavin.”
He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me against him; instinctively, I wrapped my legs around him. He buried his face in my neck and inhaled deeply like he was committing my scent to memory and when he released it, it was a rapid and shuddering release. I felt the warmth of his breath on the
nape of my neck and the softness of his lips tracing my collarbone.
“I never want to walk in on you with another man again. Do you understand me?”
He asked in a whisper, his hold on me tightening, but not in a painful way. It was possessive and sexy in all the right ways, and it made my lady parts gush with arousal.
“Understood, Alpha,” I said softly and seductively.
“And if I ever catch Lukas Merryweather on my property again… I will kill him.”
###Take 423
avin’s POV
I could smell her arousal as she sat on the couch, her legs wrapped around me while my arms were wrapped around her. I wasn’t used to showing this level of vulnerability; I wasn’t used to being this vulnerable in general. I didn’t particularly like revealing this side of myself. But I couldn’t help myself when it came to her; she brought this side out of me.
Seeing her in the arms of another man did something to me; it released this primal need to claim her and make others back off. I never wanted to see another man touching her again and if they did, I would rip their heads off. There was no doubt in my mind that my wolf would happily kill anyone who touched Judy Montague.
A strange reaction for someone who isn’t our mate.
As my lips trailed down the nape of her neck, relishing in her shuddering breath as goosebumps formed along her flesh, I grabbed the band of her waist and started to tug them down her legs. She gasped and for a moment, her hand flew over mine to stop me.
“We aren’t alone in this mansion. Are you forgetting there’s a full staff here, including my friend Sammy who is sleeping down the hallway,” she reminded me, glancing over her shoulder at the dark hallway where most of the staff reside.
I smirked as I continued to pull her pants down, leaving her in nothing but her panties as I pulled her pants completely off.
“Gavin, I’m serious. What if they walk in?” She asked, a slight panic in her tone.
It made me smirk again.
“Let them,” I said, my tone growly. “Then all the men of the mansion will know to back off.”
“Most of the mansions are mated,” I reminded him. “And there are more females than men…including my friend.”
I kissed her inner thighs, silencing her protest. Her arousal was apparent, and I grinned against the softness of her legs. I ran my tongue towards her center, her panties getting wetter by the second.noveldrama
“You’re going to be the death of me,” she whispered, her head resting on the back pillow. I tugged her panties to the side, revealing her wet pink center.
“You’re already the death of me,” I murmured as I ran my tongue up her slit, making her gasp. Her flavor exploded in my mouth, making me even more possessive if that was possible.
I buried my face in her core, a low growl escaping me as I fed from her. I sucked her clit into my mouth, loving how swollen it was getting from her arousal. He let out a soft moan as she dug her fingernails into the couch. Her rejection and fears of being caught left her completely.
I loved the risk of getting caught; I loved the danger of knowing that anyone could walk in at any moment and see my face buried in her core. I almost wanted to be caught with her juices coating my face. I dug my fingers into her thighs, pulling her closer to me and feasting like I starving man.
Her juices poured into my mouth, and I lapped up every single ounce of it.
“Holy shit,” she whispered, her legs trembling as she neared her peak.
I sucked and nibbled gently on her clit, basking in the fact that it was throbbing. I knew she was close; her breathing was getting heavier and her nails dug even more into the couch cushion as she suppressed her deep moans and screams, not wanting to alert the entire mansion about the taboo act that was happening in the living room, right under their noses.
Her toes
as her and her body shook
as her orgasm ripped through her, making more of her juices flow
evenly from her and directly into my mouth Her orgasm was powerful, nearly knocking me off balance as I gripped her hips tighter and buried myself deeper. I continued the assault until she was nothing but a twitching and panting mess.
When her orgasm started to subside, leaving her motionless, I pulled back, licking
my lips, tasting and feeling her release coating my face.
“Holy fuck,” she whispered after what felt like a long moment. “That was the best orgasm I’ve ever had.”
“Better than what any other man could give you,” I said, kissing up her body until I reached her lips. “Kiss me.”
Her eyes were dark with lust; she wasted no time. Soon, her lips were on mine, and he was kissing me deeply, tasting herself on my lips. She moaned against my lips and wrapped her legs around my waist, putting me close to her so was flesh against her. I wrapped my arms firmly around her and
deepened the kiss, letting my tongue explore her mouth.
###Take 424
I nipped at her bottom lip before pulling away slightly. Her hooded eyes were filled with lust; her lips swollen from my kiss and her cheeks flushed from her orgasm.
She was beautiful.
The thought was like cold water being dumped on my face and I quickly pulled away from her. She was still in a daze when I stood up to gain distance between us. My heart was beating rapidly against my chest and my wolf had the instinct to pull forward and return to her, but I pulled him back with all the force I had within
me.
“I have to go,” I told her. “You should get some sleep.”
She blinked a few times, coming out of her daze.
“Wait what?” She asked, her mind finally catching up to the present moment. “You’re leaving?”
I nodded; as much as I didn’t want to leave, I needed the space from her because she was making me feel things I wasn’t prepared for. Things I hadn’t felt in a long time, and I needed to clear my head from these thoughts.
I adjusted my shirt, avoiding her eyes. I kept my expression stoic and businesslike
as if I had just finished an important meeting. I knew she was confused, and I
knew she was upset, but I couldn’t bring myself to address it.
“You’ll be at the Villa at 6 tomorrow, correct?” I asked, referring to her normal scheduled tutoring session with Matthew.
She nodded.
“Yes,” she said softly, the disappointment evident in her tone.
“I’ll see you then,” he told her before I turned towards the door. As I reached the doorway, I paused. “Judy?”
I waited until her attention on was me before I continued.
“I was serious earlier; don’t let me catch him here again.”
With that, I turned and left the mansion.
The entire next day, I couldn’t concentrate on any of my work. I thought gaining this space from Judy would be beneficial; I thought I’d be able to clear my head and forget about the feelings I felt last night. But I was proved wrong; in fact, they seemed to be getting stronger.
I ran my fingers through my hair as I sat at my desk chair.
“You seem lost in thought,” Beta Taylor said as he stepped into my office. He made himself at home and sat in the chair in front of my desk. He was the only one I would allow to do that without reprimanding. “I’m assuming it has to do with
a certain Merryweather that was in your mansion last night?”
Taylor was the one who alerted me
that Lukas Merryweather was at my mansion, so he already knew I wasn’t pleased by that fact. He also knew my complicated sexual relationship with Judy, so there wasn’t much for me to hide from him.
“He was hugging her,” I muttered, leaning back in my desk chair, rubbing the bridge of my nose like I was getting a headache. “Can you believe that? A Merryweather… touching her.”
Even I could hear the jealousy in my tone, and I hated it.
It made Taylor laugh as he shook his head.
“I’m saying this as your friend and not your Beta… Man, you are whipped,” he grinned.noveldrama
I rolled my eyes and then narrowed them at him.
“I’m not whipped,” I muttered. “I just don’t like the scent of other men on someone I’m sleeping with. Especially not someone with Lycan blood.”
“Whatever helps you sleep at night,” Taylor said with a chuckle. “And considering you have dark circles under your eyes, I doubt you’re getting much sleep.”
“I made sure he doesn’t return and if he doesn’t… I’ll kill him,” I said in a threatening tone.
Taylor nodded and watched me carefully for a moment before saying, “Are you sure it’s only because he’s a Merryweather and not because he’s a guy?”
“What are you talking about?”
Taylor smirked as he leaned forward in his seat.
“You walked in on them hugging,” Taylor reminded me of the very thing I told him earlier in the day. “It wasz an innocent hug goodbye, and flippedout. Are you sure you wouldn’t have done that if he was just anyone?”
velou
“He’s not just anyone… he’s a Merryweather,” I murmured.
“Yes, but have you ever considered you were jealous because he wasn’t you.”
I low growl escaped my throat as I glared at Taylor.
“What are you saying?” I asked him.
“How do you know you don’t have genuine feelings for Judy?” Taylor asked. “How
do you know that your little Lycan heart isn’t simply… falling in love?”
###Take 425
“I don’t fall in love,” I growled, making Taylor freeze, his smile faltering for only a moment. “Bad things happen when I fall in love.”
Taylor frowned; he was the only one in the world who knew my troubled past. I won’t disclose what happened to anyone, but over time, Taylor became my best friend, and I felt comfortable enough with him to share what had happened. He never asks me about it or makes me relive the trauma, which I had always been grateful for. This was the first time it’s been brought up since I told him about it.noveldrama
“Neither of those deaths was your fault, Gavin,” Taylor said, his brows furrowing. “You didn’t get them killed.”
I swallowed, my Adam’s apple moving and I worked hard to avoid his eye contact. This was a level of vulnerability I wasn’t willing to share, not even with my best friend.
“Look, all I’m saying is, Judy is tough. She can handle whatever shit you throw at her and then throw back her own shit just as hard, if not harder. Have you ever considered that maybe this was more than just set to the both of you?”
“No,” I said without hesitation. “I never considered that nor will I.”
“What if she’s considered it?” Taylor asked, drawing my attention to his face. The serious expression he was sporting showed no signs that he was kidding. “How do you know she doesn’t have real feelings for you?”
“She knows what this is,” I told him. “She was using me to get back at her ex and get him off her back… I was using her to get my family off and Daisy off mine.”
Granted, I hadn’t heard much from my mother since I started this “relationship” with Judy, but if I had, I’d simply tell her that I had someone to warm my bed and that I didn’t need Daisy in my life to do that.
“Have you seen the way she looks at you?” Taylor asked, raising his brows. “There’s much more to it and besides, it didn’t work in her favor. In fact, your relationship seemed to make Ethan even crazier. Yet, she still continued it.”
“What are you trying to say?” I shot back, clearly irritated.
“I’m saying, I think she has actual feelings for you, and I think you’re in denial about having actual feelings for her,” Taylor said, folding his arms across his chest, a smug smile on his face like he just cracked some hidden code or something.
“Watch yourself, Beta,” I said, I spat the word “Beta” like it was a bad taste on my tongue. “You don’t want to cross me.”
He frowned and held up his hands in mock surrender.
“I’m not trying to piss you off, but you aren’t well. You aren’t sleeping and you’re snapping a lot more frequently than you used to. If you aren’t careful, it could put the company in danger.”
I narrowed my eyes at him, a low growl escaping my throat.
“My business is perfectly fine. It’s not for you to be concerned,” I said through my teeth. “How about you focus on your own life instead of mine.”
“I don’t mean to step on your toes,” Taylor said, his brows knitting together even
more.
He fell silent for a while as he
assessed my face. I kept my eyes fixed on my computer, pretending to look over my recent reports but my mind went back to last night. The jealousy I felt when I saw he in the arms of another man; the fact that he had gotten his scent on her and I would have done anything to erase it from her body. The way I felt when her legs were wrapped around me and my face was buried deep in her core. The way she tasted and her breathy moans. The flush of her cheeks, her swollen lips, and her lust-filled hooded eyes.
How beautiful she was at that moment and how my heart skipped a beat at the sight of her.
How my wolf wanted nothing more but to claim her.
I bit back a groan, hating how vulnerable was with her… hating how she made me feel because I wasn’t supposed to have these types of feelings. At least not
anymore, I wasn’t. I swore myself off reat relationships long ago and yet here she was… making me feel
unspeakable things.
I glanced at Taylor, who was still watching me, trying to figure out what I was
thinking.
“Why are you still here?” I all but barked.
He raised his brows and started to stand to his feet.
“I’ll leave,” he told me with a slight shrug. “But think about what I said. You might not feel anything for her but I have a feeling it’s not the
for her If that’s the case… Vou Same
should cut your ties now because you’ll only hurt her later down the line.”
His words left me speechless as I stared at his retreating back. Cut my ties?
Is that something I could do?
Could I break things off with Judy and act as if this had never happened? Would I be okay with that?
###Take 426
“What’s the other alternative?” I found myself asking before he could leave fully.
Taylor paused, but he didn’t turn around to look at me, he spoke with his back facing me.
“Take her out,” Taylor suggested with a shrug. “Go on a real date with her and figure out how you feel.”
Without another word, Taylor walked out of my office, leaving me staring at the empty space he once occupied. I ran my fingers through my hair and took a deep breath.
Go on a date with her?
Is that something I could actually do?
Would she even want to go on a date with me?
Before I could talk myself out of it, I pressed the intercom button for my
receptionist on the bottom floor.
“Veronica, I need some date ideas. I expect a full report by the end of the day,” I spoke into the intercom.
After a moment of crackling silence, she finally replied.noveldrama
“Right away sir, but is there any particular reason why? Who are we planning this date for because that’s important? Both parties have to enjoy the outing in order for it to be successful,” she replied.
I sighed and I knew there was no getting out of this; I had to tell her a little bit more information.
“Judy Montague,” I said into the intercom. “Find out what she likes and plan out her perfect date. I want reservations and plans to be settled by the end of the day.”
“When would you like this date to be?” She asked.
“Friday.”
There was another pause.
“That’s tomorrow,” she reminded me. “That’s very short notice for a date.”
“I didn’t ask for your opinion; I gave you enough information. Do as you’re told,” I ordered.
“Yes, Alpha,” she replied softly.
I ended the intercom conversation and turned back to my computer, trying to refocus my attention on my task at hand, yet failing miserably.
By the end of the day, as the sun was setting, Veronica appeared in my office.
She looked tired but she had a smile on her face as she held up the reports, I asked her for.
“I found out a ton of information
from Judy’s social media account.
She really should lock her profile, so she doesn’t have to face any creeps Veronica stated
vel.not
thoughtfully, making my jaw tense. “But I found out what I needed. I know her favorite restaurant which happens to be in the Silver Crescent pack. I already made a reservation for 5. I also found out that she loves theme parks, based on her vacation photos. We don’t really have theme parks around here, but the fair is in town. So, I bought you both a ticket for the fair, which will take place after dinner. Tomorrow is Friday, so the fair is having a fireworks and light show display in the evening. There will also be music as well, which Judy seems to like based on her social media account.”
“The fair?” I murmured, unable to hide my disgust. Fairs were loud and dirty, not something I’d like to do on a first date. I’ve only been to one fair as a kid, and it was the worst experience. I threw up on the rollercoaster due to motion sickness; not to mention they were overly crowded.
“Yes, sir,” she replied simply with a shrug. “I know it’s not really your thing, but if we are planning this date for Miss Montague, then I suggest the fair She seems to like stuff like this. Plus, it could be romantic, and you might have a good time.
ら
“I never told you I was going on the date with her,” I snapped as I snatched the
reports off my desk.
“I apologize, Sir. I assumed-”
“You may leave now,” I say dismissively, waving her away. “I have things to do.”
I stood, waiting for her to leave first. Once she was out of sight, I packed up my things and quickly hurried out of the office.
Judy was still in the Villa when I arrived. It was only 8 pm and I knew her session with Matt wouldn’t take much longer.
I paced outside the parlor doors, waiting for her to emerge, not wanting to sound desperate or in any way pathetic.
I heard their talking dying down and Matt’s typical yawn, indicating that he was exhausted. After a moment, Matt emerged from the parlor and frowned up at me.
“Oh, hi, Dad. I was just going to bed,” he told me, heaping another large yawn. I rubbed his head.
“Get some rest, buddy. I’ll see you in the morning,” I assured him.
He nodded, a pleased smile on his face as he headed towards the stairs. Judy was frowning at me as she leaned against the doorway, staring at me. “Everything okay?” She asked. “You seem on edge.,” she pointed out.
I nodded, suddenly feeling nervous but I quickly brushed the feeling away; I had
to think of this as a business offer and not like I was asking someone on a date. “Tomorrow night, be ready at 5 pm. I’m picking you up. We are going on a date.” I didn’t stick around for her answer, I turned and stormed away.
###Take 427
Judy’s POV
“I can’t believe he’s actually taking you on a date,” Nan said, a bright smile on her face. “Why are you so nervous? This is a good thing!”
“Is it though?” I asked, I looked at myself in the mirror feeling a sense of unease in the pit of my belly. It was strange because Gavin didn’t really give me much of a choice. I explained how he asked me out to Nan, and she thought it was the most romantic thing she had ever heard of.
It was kind of romantic where Gavin was concerned; he didn’t do romance… he didn’t do dating. So, I was confused as to why he wanted to take me out. From my understanding, we weren’t in a real relationship; so, why the sudden change of heart? My heartbeat was wildly against my chest as I thought about Gavin and what was expected for tonight’s date. I wanted it to go well… I wanted him to see a different side of me. One that maybe he could actually see a future; but I worried that maybe this was some kind of setup. Like there was an alternative plan that I wasn’t seeing.
I just didn’t understand why he suddenly wanted to take me on a date.
But Nan didn’t seem to think there was an alternative motive; she was just happy that I was finally going out on a date with Gavin Landry, despite myself.
I turned to look at her, my eyes pouring their concern into hers and her expression softened along with her brightened smile.
“You look beautiful Judy,” she told me softly, referring to the dress I was wearing.
One problem with him not telling me anything about this date was that I had no idea what to wear. I glanced down at the casual dress I was wearing, hoping that it worked for whatever it was we were doing. Knowing Gavin, he was most likely taking me to a fancy restaurant to wine and dine me. He was a rich billionaire who owned the largest company in the world; I knew this date was not going to be cheap.
I turned back to the mirror to look at my hair. I had it pulled back and out of my face; it curled down my back and landed just above my hipbone. He liked it when my hair was down, but I also didn’t want it in my face, so I figured this was a happy medium.
Ugh, since when did I care about what Gavin liked?
I just wanted to melt away and let the ground swallow me.
There was a knock on my bedroom door and I didn’t need to look to know who it was. Soon, Sammy walked into my room.
“Do you have everything you need for tonight?” She asked curiously as she looked between me and Nan. “Is there anything I can do for you? I am your handmaiden after all.”
I smiled at her; the new role of her being my maid was weird for us both.
“No,” I assured her. “Thank you though. I think I have everything. I just need to grab my purse.”
Sammy was quick to retrieve my purse. I took a deep breath and turned towards my friends, the nervousness never leaving my expression.
“It’s going ot be fine,” Nan assured me, giving me a quick hug, careful not to mess up my hair or anything. “Just relax and try to have fun.”
I nodded, giving her a smile that didn’t quite reach my eyes.
I walked downstairs, my heart pounding in my chest as I heard the front door opening and Gavin letting himself into the mansion. It was his mansion after all, so he had every right to let himself in, even if he wasn’t actually living here. swnovel.net
I was expecting him to wear an elegant suit that made me feel underdressed, so I was surprised when I saw that he was wearing a casual pair of jeans and a black button-down shirt that left no mystery of the defined muscles beneath his shirt. His hairwas styled in a way that looked tousled, but
also purposeful. swnovelnoveldrama
I was used to this level of casualness from him, and it made me furrow my brows. Though he was casual, he looked amazing, and my heart skipped a beat.
As he took me in, his eyes poured into mine; I saw that they were dark and filled with something I couldn’t quite distinguish. For a moment, neither of us said anything; we only stared at one another with an awestruck expression.
“I need to get my shoes,” I told him, pointing to the shoe wrack across the front foyer, my hands trembling slightly.
“Wear something comfortable. No heals,” he told me.
I raised my brows at his words,
confused by this. I assumed a date with Gavin Landry meant something elegant and worthy, but I’m beginning to think I might have been wrong. Did I hear him incorrectly when he told me he was taking me on a date? Maybe this wasn’t an actual date. swnovel
###Take 428
I swallowed the lump in my throat and grabbed a comfortable pair of shoes,
putting them on slowly and deliberately.
“Ready to go?” He asked when I returned to him.
I nodded and followed him out of the house, avoiding the curious gazes of Nan and Sammy who were clearly watching us from around the corner.
Once we got outside, I noticed Gavin’s personal car parked out front instead of the one that his staff would typically drive. I furrowed my browns when he opened the passenger door for me.
“You’re driving?” I asked him.
He nodded, a smirk playing on his lips. Despite the smirk, he still had a stoic expression that countered it and I wondered what it even meant.
I got into the passenger seat and Gavin closed the door as I put my seatbelt on. I watched as he ran around the car and got into the driver’s seat. I don’t think I’ve ever actually seen Gavin driving before. I didn’t think he knew how to drive if I were to be honest.
The car started with a roar and Gavin put his seatbelt on.
“You can pick whatever music you like,” he told me, handing me his phone which had the music app installed.
I raised my brows; he was giving me control of the music? That was different than I imagined. As he drove, I scrolled through the thousands of artists on his phone and chose one that I actually liked.
I bobbed my head to the rhythm as Gavin drove through the city; the sun was still up, but it looked as if it was about to start setting soon. It was nearing 5:30 and my stomach was rumbling. I hadn’t eaten all day; mainly because I wanted to be hungry for dinner, but also because of my nerves. I was terrified about this outing, not sure what to expect, it kept me from eating anything out of fear that I’d just throw it up.
Gavin parallel-parked the car in the middle of the city and turned off the engine. He got out of the car and walked around to the passenger door, opening it. He held out his hand for me to take. I took his hand and allowed him to pull me out of the car.
“Such a gentleman,” I teased, raising my brows at him. “Didn’t think you had it in you.”
He raised his right brow at me and then gave me a sheepish shrug.
He started to walk, but when he noticed I was trailing behind him, he slowed his steps so he could walk beside me, another surprising act. I looked up at him, he was looking anywhere but at me, and it made my heart race in my chest. I wondered desperately what he was thinking at that moment. swnovel
We started near one of my favorite restaurants, place that I had frequently gone to with Nan in the past; I hadn’t been there in a while, but they had my favorite cosines and beverages. It was called The Grove, and it wasn’t your typical fancy restaurant, but it was classy enough that reservations were recommended. swnovel
It certainly wasn’t a place I could ever see Gavin going. As we walked, I expected to walk past it and towards a more elegant restaurant which knew were further down the stirp. was so lost in though and the view of the fair in the distance caught my attention. I heard the fair was in town and that it was leaving in a few days. I wanted to go with Nan and Sammy, but our lives kind of got away from us and we didn’t have any time. I was a bit disappointed, but I made a promise to myself that I’d catch it next time they were in town. swnovel
Gavin cleared his throat, getting my attention and I realized he had stopped walking. I paused and turned to look at him standing outside the entrance of The Grove. He held his hand out for me to take.noveldrama
“Are you coming?” He asked, raising his right brow.
My heart skipped a beat as I looked up at him and then at the restaurant sign.
“We are eating here?” I asked.
Before he could answer, one of the hostesses walked out of the restaurant, opening the door for us.
“Alpha Landry, welcome to The Grove. It’s an honor that you are chose us for your date this evening. Your table is ready.”
###Take 429
Judy’s POV
I barely had time to register what was happening when we walked into The Grove. The familiar delicious scents of the food that I have come to love invaded my nose and made my stomach rumble even more than it was on our drive into the city. The hostess gave Gavin a polite smile and a bow of her head as she led us through the busy restaurant, many who had recognized him were gawking, not believing that the pristine Lycan Chairmen, Gavin Landry, was actually dining at The Grove.noveldrama
This was not the typical restaurant that he would be dining in; he should be in a fine dining establishment, owned by him or his people. But instead, he was in a small establishment, owned by someone else, eating food that could be classified as greasy, though delicious.
It was almost laughable, but now the casual clothing made sense. He was never planning on taking me anywhere fancy and a part of me wondered why.
Was I not good enogu hfor a 5 star resteraunt? Was he ashamed to be seen with a low-class girl in front of his fancy and rich friends? Or maybe it was something else.
I swallowed another lump in my throat as we walked through the crowded establishment and towards a private booth. There were candles on the table, which wasn’t something they did for everyone and there was a reserved placemat on the table, indicating that this table was reserved for a pristine guest.
“I hope everything is to your liking, Alpha,” the waitress said. “The waiter, Marcus, will be with you in a moment and if there’s anything I can do for you, just let me know. My name is Carly and I’m happy to be at your service.”
She bowed to him again, giving him a polite smile before lifting her gaze.
He nodded, dismissing her as he motioned for me to sit at the booth. I slid into the booth, tucking my purse beside me. Gavin slid beside me; it was a round booth, so it wasn’t strange for him to sit beside me.
Carly handed us our menus and poured a couple of glasses of water before retreating.
“This is unexpected,” I said, glancing down at the menu. I get the same thing every time I come here, so I wasn’t sure why I was glancing at the menu. But I felt a bit awkward and nervous in his presence, especially in a place that didn’t really suit him.
He looked at the menu, his expression was hard to read.
“I wanted to try something new,” he murmured, his eyes never leaving the pages of the menu.
“Why The Grove?” I found myself asking. “It doesn’t suit you.”
He raised his brows, and for a moment, I thought I saw a smile tugging at the corner of his lips, but it was gone in a heartbeat.
“And what does suit me?” He asked me.
“Elegant restraints like the
Whimsical Whisk, or Carter’s resort,” I told him, raising my brows. “There were others on this strip that you could have chosen from. Others that are more suitable for guys like you…” swnovel
“Guys like me?”
I sighed, rolling my eyes but keeping my face buried in my menu.
“Lycan’s,” I murmured. “Rich CEOs. Eligible bachelors… you know, the works,” I explained. “Do I really need to explain that to you?”
He smirked as he looked at me.
“So, you’re saying a rich CEO can’t order a brisket or a burger?” He asked, argument clear in his tone.
My cheeks flushed and I bit my lower lip, nibbling on it. I barely even noticed his gaze drifting to my mouth because he averted his attention from my lips before I could even look at him.
“I’m saying… I thought you’d never be caught dead in a place like this,” I admitted.
His shoulders rumbled with laughter, though it was silent. He fixed his attention back on his menu and scanned the greasy foods.
“What are you ordering?” He asked.
I was embarrassed to tell him what I
was ordering, usually, I get a pulled pork sandwich with extra pickles and fries with garlic butter and parmesan cheese. I also get
alcoholic root beer float. This place was popular for its greasy sandwiches, which was why they are rated high and why they get so busy that reservations are
recommended. swnovel
I debated whether or not I should tell him or not… maybe I’ll just order a salad. Their cobb salads look pretty good, and I could order a glass of wine with it.
vel
“A cobb salad, tell him softly, my eyes averting his as my stomach continues to rumble in protest. it didn’t want a salad; it wanted something greasy. My body associated this place with nasty greasy food and a salad was not going to satisfy me right now. “And maybe a glass of wine. What wine do you recommend?” I asked him as I tried to hand him the wine menu. swnovel
###Take 430
He glanced at the menu and then back at me without taking it.
“You’re telling me with everything on this menu, you’re going to get a cobb salad and wine?” He asked, his brows raised.
My cheeks flushed, but I wasn’t going to back down.
“Yes,” I said, though even I didn’t sound very convincing to myself.noveldrama
He put his menu down and turned to face me, his scrutiny burning into the side of my face as I fought to keep my eyes from finding his.
“Judy, look at me,” he ordered, his tone calm and almost sultry. My cheeks flushed even more; why was I suddenly so nervous around him?
I glanced up at him awkwardly, my eyes finding his.
He reached out, and tucked a strand of hair behind my hair, his touch surprisingly gentle and it left me almost breathless. His fingers lingered on my cheek for a moment, and I had to fight the urge to lean into him.
“When you come here with your friends, what do you usually order,” he asked, his tone low and his eyes never leaving mine.
I let out a breath, surprised by his question.
“How did you know I came here with my friends?” I asked in a breathless whisper.
He smirked, his eyes crinkling in the corners.
“Because I’ve done my research before deciding where to take you,” he replied. “Now answer my question.”
I bit my lower lip and again, chewing on it nervously.
“Bite your lip again and I’ll bend you over this table and give everyone in here a real show,” he said darkly, his tone husky, sending a jolt right between my legs.
I gawked at him, my face heating with embarrassment. I released my lip with a sudden pop and licked it as I looked at the menu.
“Tell me what you normally order,” he said again, his tone even lower this time.
“A pulled pork sandwich with extra pickles and fries with garlic butter and parmesan cheese and an alcoholic root beer float,” my voice was rushed and soft as I averted my eyes from his. I didn’t want to see his reaction.
He put his menu down without saying a word, just as the waiter arrived.
“Good evening, Alpha Landry and his date,” he began politely. “I am Marcus, your waiter for the evening. It’s an honor to be at your service and please, if you need anything at all, don’t hesitate to tell me.”
belongs to swnovel
Gavin nodded at him, his expression stoic and leaving no hint of what he was thinking or feeling.
Marcus pulled out his tablet, ready to enter our order into the system.
“Can I start you off with something to drink? We have an excellent wine selection and-”
“Actually, I think we are ready to order,” Gavin told him.
Marcus’s eyes flashed with surprise and then he smiled with a nod.
“Of course, Alpha,” he said getting his tablet ready. “I should have known you’d know exactly what you wanted for wine. I’m assuming the most expensive brand.”
Gavin nodded.
“Bring us that yes, but we are also getting something else,” he told him.
Marcus’s eyes flashed excitedly; he could already taste the large tip that Gavin was going to leave him at the end of this meal no doubt.
“What else can I get you?” He asked.
“We’d like to order two alcoholic root beer floats,” he shocked me by saying. I glanced at him surprised. Marcus put that in the tablet.
“Excellent choice, Sir. That’s a fan favorite for sure,” Marcus hummed as he tapped away on the tablet.
“We are also ready to order,” Gavin told him. Marcus nodded to him to go ahead. “We would like two pulled pork sandwiches, both with extra pickles, and two orders of garlic parmesan fries.” swnovel
My mouth fell open.
Marcus nodded again as he quickly tapped that into the tablet.
“Another excellent choice. You won’t be disappointed,” Marcus said as he lifted
his gaze. “I’ll get that to you right away.”
“Oh, and Mary’s,” Gavin said before he could walk away. “Can you rush out an order of Mozzarella balls and Pretzel bites as well?” Gavin glanced at me his eyes dark and a smirk playing on his lips. “I’m feeling extra hungry tonight.” swnovel
###Take 431
Judy’s POV
Marcus left to fetch our order, and I stared at Gavin with my mouth hanging open. Never had I imagined that Gavin Landry would be ordering such food, especially on a date. He sat back in the booth, and I could feel his eyes on me, assessing my every facial movement.
“Why are we here?” I finally asked him after what felt like an eternity of silence.
He raised his brows at me as I met his eyes; I had been dying to know why he wanted to go out with me so badly; what any of this was even about it. Why we were at my favorite restaurant and ordering greasy food that I couldn’t imagine him putting in his mouth? Food that I was convinced he’d never touched a day in his life.
“Is there a rule that we can’t have dinner together?” He asked. “I don’t remember stating otherwise.”
I narrowed my eyes at him; I hated the effect he had on me. I hated that he was finding humor in my unease.
“You know what I mean,” I murmur, my brows knitting together. “Why did you ask me out? And why are we at my favorite restaurant.”
He studied me for what felt like a long while and during that time, I could hardly breathe. His eyes poured into mine as if he were searching for the same answers to my questions. His expression was sober, and his eyes were dark as he analyzed me. He finally opened his mouth to speak, and his response was something I wasn’t expecting.
“Because you make me curious,” he told me.
I tilted my head at his response.
“I make you curious?” I asked him, not sure what he meant. “How so?”
“We’ve had a sexual relationship for a while, but we’ve never really gotten to know one another,” he explained. “Is it a problem that I want to know who I’m sleeping with?”
I nibbled on my lower lip and the darkening of his eyes made me remember his earlier words about bending me over the table and taking me right here and now. My cheeks immediately flushed, and I turned away, releasing my lip from between my teeth.
“So, you thought taking me to my favorite restaurant was a way to get to know me better?” I asked him, my voice coming out much softer than I intended.
He was quiet for a moment, his eyes scanning the side of my face. I could feel his eyes on me even though I was refusing to look at him.
“Yes,” he finally replied. “I wanted to know what kind of foods you enjoy… where you like going… the kind of environment you are most comfortable in.”
I nodded; my eyes fixed on the table in front of me.
“I see,” I said softly.
“Is that a problem?” He asked; he didn’t sound upset or offended; he sounded genuinely curious. “Have I gone too far?”noveldrama
There was a hint of vulnerability in his tone, and I quickly looked up at him to see that vulnerability flash through his eyes. For a second, my heart fluttered. He was actually worried about something. swnovel
“Too far?” I asked, needing clarification on what he meant.
“I asked my assistant to find out what kind of things you enjoy and places you like to go,” he admitted. “Was too far of me? Do you feel as if I violated something? swnovel
I blushed.
He actually asked his assistant to do a background check on me.
I shook my head feeling a small smile tug at the corner of my lips.
“No,” I reply. “It wasn’t too far. It’s kind of sweet that you care enough to find out something about me.”
He was about to reply, or so I think he was, but Marcus returned with our root beer floats and our appetizers. It smelled heavenly and my stomach was growling hungrily.
“Is there anything else I can get you before your main courses arrive?” He asked, staring between the two of us.
“Just our wine,” Gavin reminded him, making his eyes widen.
“Oh, Goddess. I am so sorry. I will get that right away,” Marcus all but stammered as he hurried away to grab the wine.
I couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled out of me.
“Do we really need the wine?” I asked. “The poor guy looked like he was about to have a heart attack.”
“We didn’t need the wine, no. But it wouldn’t be a true Gavin Landry date without it,” he told me, a small smirk tugging at his lips.
He unfolded his napkin and placed it delicately on his lap as if he were at a fine dining restaurant, and it made me chuckle.
He placed a few pretzel bites and mozzarella balls on his small appetizer plate, and I watched him waiting for his reaction as he started to cut into the pretzel bite with his fork and knife. He paused when he saw my eyes were on him the entire time. I was stifling a laugh because I had never seen someone eat those with a fork and knife before. swnovel
###Take 432
“Am I doing something wrong?” He asked.
Without thinking, I picked up a mozzarella ball off his plate with my fingers and dipped it in the sauce before popping it into my mouth with a grin. His eyes narrowed as he watched me take another and also pop it into my mouth. I chuckled at his awestruck expression.
To my surprise, he placed his fork and knife down and tentatively picked up a mozzarella ball with his fingers. I watched him as he brought it to his lips and popped it into his mouth, mimicking my movements like he was learning to eat finger food for the first time in his life.
I suppressed another laugh, clearing my throat to mask it. He glanced at me and smirked as he pizza up a pretzel bite, dipped it in the mustard sauce, and ate that as well.
“Do you like it?” I asked him.
He chewed slowly as he analyzed the flavor.
“It’s different than what I’m used to,” he admitted. “But it’s not bad.”
I smiled as I too ate at the pretzels. I grabbed the root beer float and took a sip, moaning at the delicious taste. His right brown went up immediately at the sound of my moan, his dark eyes following my every movement.
He took a sip of his root beer float and the surprise that was on his face made me nearly choke with laughter.
The waiter returned with our wine and then a few minutes later, he came back with our food.
“Do I eat this with my fingers too?” Gavin asked.
I glanced at him and saw that he was gesturing towards the pulled pork sandwich.
“It’s a sandwich,” I laugh. “Of course, you are supposed to eat it with your fingers. It’s nasty and greasy but so good.”
The alcohol from the root beer float and wine combined was loosening me up and making me say and do things in front of him I wouldn’t normally do, like be a slob. I grabbed the sandwich, watching as the juices dripped onto my plate before taking a giant bite. I knew it was all over my face and the startled look on my face confirmed that very thing.
He grabbed his sandwich as well
and took a bite out of it; I waited for his reaction; and I saw his eye flashing dangerously. A low growt escaped his throat as he took an even bigger bite. It was like a child discovering something delicious for the first time; I also think the alcohol was loosening him up a little as well. swnovel
I snorted at the sight of him, unable to contain my laughter. His smirk grew into a full-grown smile and to my surprise, he started laughing. We must have looked like a couple of lunatics, laughing with pulled pork sauce all over our faces. I think this is the first time we actually laughed together, and it honestly felt amazing. swnovel
We continued to eat and drink until we were both stuffed.
“Is there anything more I can get for you, Alpha?” Marcus asked as the wait staff took away our plates and cups.noveldrama
“I think we are all set,” Gavin replied.
Once the bill was paid we left the restaurant. I started towards the car, but Gavin took my hand and pulled me in the opposite direction. It was nearing 7 pm and the sun was now officially setting in the background.
“What are you doing? The car is this way,” I told him, walking with him as he held my hand a bit tighter.
“Yes,” he replied simply without giving me much more explanation. “You didn’t think dinner was all I had planned, did you?”
I raised my brows but didn’t ask any further questions as we continued to walk.
We walked for a few more minutes
and soon we were surrounded by a
crowd that were all heading towards the entrance of the fair. My eyes grew wide when I realized we were also heading towards the entrance, I looked up at him, shocked beyond belief as excitement bubbled inside of me. swnovel
I grabbed his arm with my free hand, stopping him for a minute. He frowned as he
looked down at me but when he saw my expression, he smirked.
“Are… are you taking me to the fair right now?” I asked him, my tone breathless and filled with wonder.
He winked at me and entwined his fingers with mine.
“I was serious when I said I wanted to do things you enjoy,” he replied. “So, let’s
go have some fun, shall we?”
###Take 433
udy’s POV
“I can’t believe we are actually at the fair right now,” I breathed as I stared around at all the rides and the colors. The crowd was insane because the fair was only in town for a couple more days, so everybody was having fun now.
“Does this make you happy?” He asked, observing me.
I nodded.
“Yes,” I admitted. “I’ve been wanting to come here with my friends, but we haven’t had any time to sneak away between work and school.”
He was quiet for a moment, processing my words.
“Are you okay with me being here with you instead of them?” He asked, glancing at me.
My heart swelled at his question.
I nodded slowly.
“Yes,” I told him. “I’m actually glad you are here with me. I have a feeling you never really had fun before. You are all work and Lycan duties. Do you ever have the chance to get out and have fun?”
He narrowed his eyes at me.
“I have fun,” he murmured, almost defensively.
I fought a laugh as I looked up at him.
“Oh yeah? Name one thing that you’ve done that you consider fun,” I said, raising my brows at him.noveldrama
He thought about it for a moment.
“I went to a banquet a few weeks ago that I found enjoyable,” he replied.
I laughed.
“That’s not the kind of fun I’m talking about,” I told him, rolling my eyes. “I meant, going on rides and eating greasy foods… playing games.”
“Games?”
I nodded and pointed at the game stands that were set up.
“Yes and attempting to win prizes but never quite getting here because they are rigged.”
“Rigged?” He asked, glancing at me. “Is that legal?”
“I don’t know, but everyone knows the games at fairs are all rigged,” I tell him with a shrug. “It’s part of the fun.”
“How is that fun?”
I grin.
“Come on,” I tell him grabbing a hold of his hand. “I’ll show you.”
We went to one of the game stands; it was the game where we tossed rings on bottles, trying ot get the ring around the top of the bottle. It cost a few dollars, which Gavin insisted on paying even though it was my idea. He wasn’t going to let me pay for anything, which I found sweet but unnecessary. Now that my father was no longer in prison and his debt was paid, I had money to spare, and I could afford a few games at a fair. But he left no room for argument. swnovel
“Watch,” I told him.
I tossed a ring on top of a bottle and just as it looked as if it was going to make it, it fell off. Gavin’s frown
deepened as he glared at the
bottles I tried again until I had no rings left, none of them landing on any of the bottles. swnovel
With a low growl, Gavin grabbed the guy by the throat, shocking me. His wolf was close to the surface as he growled loudly.
“Is this game rigged?” He asked, his tone gruff. “She threw those rings perfectly!!!”
The guy, who was no older than 18, stammered and said nervously, “It’s… it’s my job to make sure no one wins…” he admitted.
I couldn’t believe he actually admitted it; I always assumed it was rigged, but I never actually knew for sure.
“We’re going to play again,” he said in a growly tone that sent a shiver down my back.
The guy nodded, his entire body trembling as Gavin released him, handing him a bunch of rings without charging him the second time. He turned towards the ring and I watched with anticipation as he
lined up. I took a step back watching as he tossed the rings onto the bottle tops. swnovel
One by one he nailed it.
My mouth dropped open as the bell went off indicating a winner.
“Congratulations,” the guy said. “You can choose any prize you want.”
Gavin looked oddly victorious as he glanced at me.
“Choose your prize,” he told me, his tone gentle.
I flushed as I glanced up at the prize board. The giant purple bear caught my eye,
so I pointed at that.
Gavin nodded at the guy.
“Wrap it up for us,” he said, as he took my hand and guided me away without a single look back at the man. The guy stared at him with a dumbstruck expression, probably confused about what had just happened.
“That was incredible,” I laughed. “Did you see the look on his face?”
Gavin chuckled; it was nice to see him a bit carefree for once.
“Yeah, I thought he was going to pass out,” he admitted. “So, what other things do you do at the fair?”
“Ride rides obviously,” I said, glancing at the rollercoaster in the distance. “Like that one.”
He followed my gaze and I swear I saw his face paling.
###Take 434
re’s no way in hell I’m getting on that thing,” he told me, shaking his head.
I raised my brows at him and turned to look at him.
“Is the big bad Lycan afraid of roller coasters?” I asked.
He pressed his lips in a thin line and glared at me.
“I am not afraid of anything… but I won’t get on that death trap.”
I smirked and folded my arms across my chest.
“Kind of sounds like you’re afraid,” I teased, corking my brows at him.
“I’m not afraid,” he said again, firmly. “I’ve just had a bad experience on a roller coaster when I was a kid and never went on one again.”
There was a flash of vulnerability in his eyes, and I was surprised by it. I put my hand on his arm, showing him support and comfort.
“Want to talk about it?” I asked him.
He sighed and walked over to a bench, sitting down. I sat down beside him, waiting for him to start talking.
“I went on a roller coaster when I was a kid, it was my first and only time at a theme park. I didn’t realize how fast it was going to go and my stomach flipped upside down. Next thing I knew… I was getting sick. It got all over me and everyone on the coaster behind me. Afterwards, we left and I never went back again,” he told me.
“That must have been tough,” I said softly. “I’m sorry that happened to you. How old were you?”
“7.”
I tried to imagine a 7-year-old Gavin; he was around Matt’s age. I wondered if he looked like Matt; I knew Matt wasn’t his biological son, but they still shared the same gene and they do kind of look alike currently. I couldn’t imagine Matt getting on a roller coaster and embarrassing himself like that. I wondered if he ever went to a theme park or fair a day in his life.
I reached out and touched Gavin’s hand, giving it a gentle squeeze and keeping my hand placed on his.
“You were only a boy,” I said softly. “You can’t let that define your whole experience.”
“Told myself I’d never put myself through that again,” he said, lifting his gaze to look at me.
“Well, you’re an adult now,” I told him. “You have a stronger stomach and a fun companion who had run tons of roller coasters in her days. Maybe things will be different,” I suggested.
He looked at me for a moment longer and I could see the skepticism in his eyes for a long while. He looked like he was about to protest, so I held up my hand to stop him.
“How about we start with smaller
rides first, and work our way up ot the roller coaster?” I suggested. He looked around for a moment at all the other rides that surrounded us. Some looked tougher, and others not so much. A small smile tipped the corner of his lips before he nodded. swnovel
“Yeah, that sounds good,” he finally said after a long pause.
With excitement, I stood to my feet. I couldn’t believe I was about to ride fair rides with Gavin; this was something I wasn’t expecting. If had told a week ago that this was in the cards for me, I would have
laughed. swnovelnoveldrama
For the next hour, we rode a ton of different rides. Including the carousel and the merry-go-round. few times, I think I saw a smile. tippingthe corner of his lips. During the carousel, we could see the entire city from the top; we could even see both his villa and his mansion. He wrapped an arm around me, pulling me close and into his side, and I found myself melting against him. swnovel
This was nice, I had to admit.
We rode some faster rides as well and at that point, I did catch him laughing. I nudged him in one of the seats when I saw that he had a smile on his face and a laugh bubbled out of him during a small drop.
“You’re having fun,” I told him.
He smirked.
“Yeah,” he said simply. “Maybe I am.”
As the ride stopped and stumbled out, dizzy beyond belief, I turned to look at him.
“I think you are ready for the roller coaster,” I told him.
He narrowed his eyes at me and then at the coaster that was hidden in the distance.
“I think you’re ready,” I told him, pointing at the coaster.
He tensed as he followed my gaze, and I could tell he was about to deny me. But
then his jaw tightened, and he nodded.
“Okay, yeah… let’s try this roller coaster,” he said, taking hold of my hand.
I happily led him to the line.
###Take 435
Gavin’s POV
I hated that I was doing this, but the happy look on Judy’s face was almost worth
it. She was oddly beautiful when she smiled; it felt like it was a rarity to see, but I’ve seen it a lot today. Doing her favorite things, eating her favorite foods, relaxing, and having fun… it was actually kind of nice. I never got to do this kind of thing before.
When I was a kid, I stayed with my aunt for a weekend while my mother went on a drinking binge and my father was too busy with his work to really care about his son. My aunt was the one who took me to the theme park with her children and husband. It was the worst experience of my life, and I ended up spending the rest of the time in the car while they enjoyed themselves. All I wanted to do was go home… but I was stuck there. I never went back, and I never spent any time with my aunt again.
I don’t even have any contact with her now.
I never thought I would go back to one of these things… whether it’s a theme park or a fair… I thought I would never catch myself stepping foot through the gates of anything with rides and games. But here I was, standing in line for a roller coaster while Judy stood excitedly by my side.
The smile lighting up her face was almost worth it though, so I bit my tongue and waited until the line started to die down. Of course, I could use my Lycan power to get us to the front row, which I had told her countless times when we waited in line for the other rides. But she said that waiting in line was half the fun because then we got to people-watch and sightsee while waiting.
She pointed out a few funny-looking people to me as we stood in line, and I couldn’t help but laugh along with her.
Once we reached the top of the line, my heart was admittedly beating fast against my chest. It wasn’t like me to admit that I was afraid, and I won’t admit it now. I kept a brave face as we walked towards our section and sat down. The attendant fastened our belts and lowered the lap bars. These seats were small and barely sat my large form. Judy looked so small beside me, but she had a bright smile on her face as she readied herself for the ride to start.
I must have looked tense but I felt her small hand on my bicep, drawing my attention to her.
“You hadn’t breathed since we reached the front of the line,” she told me, her tone
soft and compassionate. “It’s going to be okay. Just breathe.”
I hadn’t realized she noticed, and I was embarrassed having been caught. I didn’t want to tell her I was afraid…was afraid of getting sick all over her and embarrassing myself again, and I was afraid of the large drop that was about to come. I didn’t do well with stuff like this. swnovel
I forced a smile, but even she saw that it didn’t reach my eyes.
She kept her eyes locked on mine and I saw a soft smile spreading out across her lips, making me melt even further. I found myself relaxing in the seat that wasn’t made for my large frame and my muscles loosening as well.
The rollercoaster started to move forward after the coaster and safety announcements. I immediately tensed again, but Judy didn’t make me feel bad about it. She wrapped an arm around mine and rested her head on my shoulder.
A strange sense of calm washed over me at that moment and I immiedalty started
to relax, almost forgetting that I was in a death trap.
“Thanks for doing this,” Judy said, peeking up at me through her long lashes. “This means a lot.”
Her words left me feeling a sense of pride swelling in my chest and I couldn’t help the grin that spread across my face.
She licked her bottom lip, drawingnoveldrama
my eyes to her beautifully plump lips and all I could think about at that
moment was leaning in and pressing my mouth against hers.
But then the coaster started to move upward and I found my grip on the lap bar tightening to a point where my knuckles were turning white. swnovel
“When we reach the top, put your arms up,” she told me.
Like hell I was. I wasn’t going to let go of this bar even if it saved my life.
were on the top of
The second we we
the slope, I could see all of the city just as we could on the carisoul. It was a gorgeous view, but knowing we were going to drop down made my stomach twist with nerves. It was odd seeing Judy so brave and secure. It was almost impressive.
###Take 436
She lifted her arms in the sky and the sun setting rays cascaded down on her features, lighting up her gorgeous and happy face as she breathed in the cooling air.
Before I knew what I was doing, my eyes never left her face, I was loosening my grip on the lap bar and lifting my arms as well, wanting to bask in her happiness and share in her joy. My heart swelled with something I couldn’t quite name.
I didn’t have a lot of time to think about it though because soon we were dropping. Judy screamed and I found myself screaming as well as we went down and around. The coaster did some loops at a pace so fast that if I were to blink, I would have missed it.
My stomach was surprisingly calm during the ride, only the fluttering of my heart could be felt I classified as nervous about trying something completely new.
Judy laughed as we went around and around and I found a smile tugging at my own lips, a spreading across mine.
By the time the coaster slowed, we were both breathless and chuckling.
Judy’s face was flushed, and her hair was a complete mess.
The attendant unbuckled us and helped us out of the cat. I took Jud’s hand and helped her out of the car. As we walked away from the coaster and towards a more secluded area so we could reflect on how incredible that was, I noticed Judy’s disheveled appearance.
It made me smile.
We finally reached a couple of benches right around the area where they started to play live music. There were a ton of people gathering around, waiting and watching for the performance. Thankfully, we reached a bench area where we were able to sit down and rest for a few minutes.
Judy’s eyes were fixed on the band setting up their equipment when I brushed a strand of fallen hair out of her face and tried to fix the mess of hair on her head, my fingers lingering on her for a moment too long.
She turned to look at me, her expression softened slightly as she stared around my face.
“Are you having fun?” She asked me, assessing my every feature.
I nodded, for once in my life. I was actually telling the honest truth.
“I am,” I admitted. “It’s unexpected.”
She beamed at my words.
“It certainly was,” she said softly, touching my hand gently. “Thank you again.”noveldrama
As the sun set around us officially and the area, we were in lit up in festive lighting, she leaned into me
resting her head on my
inhaling deeply as if she was
ve
and
committing my scent to memory, or making she was just basking in the familiar scent of the fair. swnovel
As the band played music, people started to dance with one another and the festival became even more intense. It was interesting to watch people lose themselves to the music.
Seeing Judy see slightly as she too watched the people, gave me an idea.
Without much warning, I took her hand and pulled her other feet. She gasped at the sudden motion as l pulled towards the dancing crowd and started to twirl her around. After she got her footing, she burst out laughing and started to dance as well. I felt a little ridiculous, I had to admit, but it was strange because at this moment…. I didn’t care. swnovel
Having her this close to me, her body pressed against mine, her laughter filling my ears, her hips swaying and my hands passively on them… it was nice, and I didn’t want it to end.
As the music started to slow, I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her even close to my body so she could feel every inch of my rock-hard abs and solid chest. I also wanted her to feel something else, which she knew without me having to tell her.
She wrapped her arms around my neck and rested her head on my chest, sighing contently. Something inside of me stirred at that moment and I found myself holding here tighter, almost possessively. She wasn’t mine to possess, but still, my body wasn’t thinking the same thing as my mind was. swnovel
“Gavin?”
My entire body froze at the sound of my name and the familiarity it brought me. Judy’s body tense too, as if she could sense something not right. I looked up and my eyes narrowed.
“Mom…”
###Take 437
Gavin’s POV
The last person I ever expected to see here was my mother. I stared blankly at her for a long while as her eyes darted between me and Judy.
Judy stood frozen beside me, now a fair distance from me and it took everything I had not to reach out and brought her back into my arms, holding her tight and not letting her go. But I restrained myself because my mother was standing in front of me looking at me like had just slapped her. I hadn’t spoken to my mother since she tried to set me up with Daisy for the hundredth time. That was almost a month ago. Now as she stood in front of me, I knew there were going to be questions that I would need to answer, but right now, I was on a date, and she needed to respect that.
“I wasn’t expecting to see you here,” I told her, raising my brows. “I didn’t think fairs were your thing.”
“I could say the same to you,” she said, folding her arms across her chest. “I would ask you what influenced you to come to a place like this… but I see the answer is standing right beside you. It’s nice to see you again, Judy.”
Nice to see you again.
They’ve met before
When did this happen and why did neither of them say anything to me about this?
I turned to look at Judy and saw that her cheeks were flushed. She was finding it hard to keep her gaze from wandering over to my mother. She was staring at the ground, nibbling on her lower lip, a nervous habit I started to understand she does.
“It’s good to see you too” she murmured, though I knew that was a lie. I could tell from the way Judy was avoiding her gaze, and her cheeks were flushing that their last encounter was not a pleasant one.
“I wasn’t aware you two knew one another,” I said bluntly, trying to get one of them to talk and explain themselves.
“Oh yes. We met at the Whimsical Whisk the other day,” my mother explained. “We exchanged some pleasantries in passing.”
My jaw clenched; I knew the look my mother had on her face. Their
exchange was anything but pleasant wanted to drill her and find out exactly what was said, but I kept my mouth sealed. I would ask Judy about it later and get the details. As of now, I needed to get Judy away from her because she looked as if she was about to pass out at any moment. swnovel
“Oh, Gavin. It’s great to see you,” another voice said, stepping beside my mother.
I froze when I saw Daisy; she handed my mother a bottle of water and turned to
face us, a smile lighting up her face but then it faltered when she saw Judy standing by my side.
“And Judy… I shouldn’t be surprised to see you hanging onto his arm like a lost puppy,” Daisy remarked, narrowing her eyes at Judy.
“That’s enough,” I said, stepping in front of Judy to block her view of them and their view of her. I wasn’t going to let them ridicule her and embarrass her. “What are you two doing here? This isn’t Landry owned soffigured you had no business here.” swnovel
“Can’t we just go to a fair because we enjoy it?” Daisy asked, raising her brows. “I happen to love roller coasters and cotton candy.”
I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at her words and then I turned back to my mother.
“I’m not buying it,” I said bluntly. “What are you up to mother.”
“I’m insulted you think so little of me,” my mother said, her brows furrowed. “We
are here to enjoy ourselves, just like you are. It’s a complete coincidence that we all happen to be here at the same time.”
“The firework display is about tonoveldrama
begin,” Daisy said to my mother. “We should go and get good seats. We see you later, Gavin.” She started to walk past as she brushed past Judy and paused. “It was so good to see you again, Judy. I do hope we can talk again soon.” swnovel
My mother also started to leave, but not before giving me a quick hug and a peck on the cheek. She turned to Judy and I swore I saw Judy flinching as if she expected my mother to strike her or something.
“I’ll see you soon,” she vowed before she turned and started to follow Daisy away.
I stared after them, a scowl on my lips as they disappeared through the crowd. Once they were out of sight, I turned to look at Judy who was pale in the face. Her breathing had gotten a lot worse and for a second, I thought she was about to h
###Take 438
Hey,” I said to her, putting my hands on her small shoulders. “Just breathe. They are gone… it’s okay…”
Judy took in a deep breath as she fought to control her breath. Once she was finally calmer, her eyes peeked up at me through her long and dark lashes.
“Thanks,’ she whispered.
“Want to tell me why you didn’t tell me about your running in with my mother,” I asked, my voice firm, though I tried to keep it calm.
She bit her lower lip and looked away, but I grabbed her chin gently and brought her head back up so she was looking at me again.
“Tell me the truth,” I demanded. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because it wasn’t exactly a pleasant conversation and I didn’t want you to think
so little of me,” she admitted, her eyes meeting mine.
My brows furrowed
“Think little of you?” I asked. “What happened?”
“I was out to dinner with my parents and I got up to go to the bathroom and they cornered me,” I explained, feeling my cheeks flushing.
I felt a surge of protectiveness coursing through my veins and a low growl escaped me.
“What did they say to you?” I asked through my teeth.
“Pretty much that I’m not good enough for you and that you’ll tire of me soon enough,” I murmur. “That you’re destined to marry Daisy and I’m just a distraction. That I won’t be a problem for long…”
Another growl escaped me; I was seeing fucking red.
How dare they corner Judy while she was out with her family and then feed her such lies. There was no way in hell I was ever going to mate and marry Daisy, even if Judy wasn’t in the picture.
I was furious and I wanted to rip someone’s head off their shoulders, but when I saw the tears filling Judy’s eyes, my anger started to fade and all I felt was pure guilt and remorse… not to mention protective.
“Hey…” I said softly, my thumb brushing her invisible tears off her cheeks as my fingers traced the nape of her neck. “Why would I think little of you?” I recalled her reasoning for not telling me this information in the first place.noveldrama
She sniffled as a tear escaped her eyes, I had it wiped away before he even reached the apple of her cheek.
“Because I’m training to be an Elite Gamma… I won the Gamma competition… and yet I can’t stand up for myself when it comes to your mother and Daisy,” she whispered. “It was embarrassing, and I didn’t want you to think I was weak.” Cóntent belongs to swnovel
I sighed and pressed my forehead against her, keeping my hand on the back of her neck to keep her in place as I absorbed not only her words but her scent as well.
“It isn’t your fault. My mother has a way of getting under your skin,” I told her. “Not fighting her was the best thing you could have done in that situation, so you’ve done well. Don’t beat yourself up over it. They shouldn’t have cornered you and they certainly shouldn’t have said those things to you. None of it is true, so I hope it didn’t hurt you too much.” swnovel
She looked uncertain and at that moment I realized it did hurt her. I guess considering our
unconventional relationship, it
wasn’t hard to believe the words my mother spat at her. I wrapped her in
marms and pulled her flesh
against my chest, keeping her there as the music continued to play around us and people continued their dancing. swnovel
“The next time my mother speaks to you and I’m not present, I need you to tell me right away, do you understand?” I asked, my tone gruff as I thought about my mother cornering her again.
She was quiet for a moment longer, so I squeezed her a little tighter.
“I need you to answer me,” I said softly, my face buried in her hair. “Do you understand?”
She nodded her head and wrapped her arms tightly around my waist, holding herself n place.
“Yes,” she finally whispered. “I understand. The next time I’m cornered, I’ll come to you first.”
I let out a breath.
“Good girl,” I whispered. “That’s my good girl.”
###Take 439
Judy’s POV
The fact that his mom and Daisy showed up at the fair shouldn’t have surprised me. I should have known that they would have caught wind when I was on a date with Gavin and where we were. I should have known they would have followed us here.
The memory of my last encounter with them invaded my head and it wasn’t something I wanted to share with Gavin, but he found a way to convince me otherwise. He got the information out of me with ease. I felt a little better after talking it out with Gavin, but there was still a lingering doubt in the back of my head that his mother planted. I honestly didn’t like the fact that she didn’t like me….. not that it mattered or anything. It’s not like Gavin and I were actually together….. we had a sexual relationship and that was as far as it was going. However, after our incredible date tonight, there was a part of me that had a small sliver of hope that maybe this wasn’t just about sex. Maybe this was more… maybe he wanted more.
The question was, did I want more?
“What’s going through your mind?” Gavin asked as he took my hand and guided me away from the dancing crowd and the loud music playing in the center of the fair.
“Nothing,” I lied, nibbling on my lower lip with my head turned away from him. My eyes scanned the area until they landed on a cotton candy and popcorn vendor. “Want some cotton candy?” I asked him, desperate to change the subject.
He raised his brows as he looked down at me.
“Cotton Candy?” He asked. “Is that fluffy sugar?”
I raised my brows right back at him.
“Don’t tell me you’ve never had cotton candy,” I said, astonished, though I shouldn’t have been surprised by that either. There were a lot of things he had never done before tonight and cotton candy appeared to be one of them.
“Do I look like I’ve eaten cotton candy in my past?” He asked, smirking. No, you do not,” I admit, a smirk on my own lips. bulled his hand
towards the cotton candy stand. “Come on…”
We order a cotton candy to share as we walk towards the fireworks show. It was going to start soon, and the crowd was already gathering to find the best spots to see them.
I took a bit of cotton candy and brought it to Gavin’s lips.
“Try it,” I demanded. He furrowed his brows at the sugary treat before he parted his lips allowing me to put the candy on his tongue.
He looked surprised as he closed his mouth.
“It melted on my tongue,” he told me as he smacked his lips, making me chuckle as I ate some cotton candy too.
“Do you like it?” I asked him.
“It’s sweet, but oddly enough it’s tasty,” he admitted.
I laughed at his phrasing and fed him more cotton candy.
We finally reached the fireworks show and I was surprised that Gavin had a reserved spot towards the front where we could literally see everything. I also wasn’t surprised that his mother and Daisy were nearby as well. When they saw us, his mom’s eyes narrowed in our direction. swnovel
“Is that cotton candy?” she asked, disgust clear on her face. “Ugh, Gavin. You
know better than to eat that garbage.”
Gavin’s eyes narrowed.
“I am an adult man… I can eat whatever I please and spend my time with
whoever I want,” he said coldly.
She folded her arms across her chest, a scowl on her face.
“What happened to you? You used to be smarter than this…” she said, her eyes darting to me.
A low growl escaped Gavin’s throat.
“Don’t look at her. This has nothing to do with her,” he said, his tone low and dangerous. “Cornering her at the restaurant was wrong and what you said to her was even worse. We are going to discuss this later swnovel
His mother’s eyes turned to slits, and she scowled again, her top lip curling up in disgust.noveldrama
“So, she told you what was said,” she said coolly. “We didn’t say anything that wasn’t true. No need to overreact.”
“Overreact” He said through his teeth.
I put my hand on his arm, trying to calm him.
“It’s okay,” I said softly. “I just want to watch the fireworks, that’s all.”
His eyes narrowed at me and his tone was low as he said, “My mother doesn’t get
to speak to you like that.”
It was sweet of him to care, but it wasn’t really helping much as of right now. It seemed only to be making things even worse.
The fireworks started, stopping any further conversation, much to my relief. It was a beautiful display, and it took my breath away. At one point, Gavin boldly put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me intohim, gaining the attention of his mother and Daisy. I knew he was only doing this to get back at them for being in our business. swnovel
By the time the show was over, I was utterly exhausted and about ready to return home and get some sleep. He took my hand and helped me stand up from the spot we had occupied during the fireworks show.
###Take 440
“Ready to go?” He asked me, his tone a low whisper, his breath warming the side of my face as he whispered into my ear.
I nodded.
“More than ready,” I told him.
“We have to return to that game from earlier and get your prize,” he reminded me.
I laughed at the memory, but the laugh was cut short when Donna, his mother, approached us, her arms folded across her chest.
“Gavin, can we have a word please… in private,” she said, her eyes narrowed as she stared at her son.
Gavin sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, clearly fed up with his mother.
“I’m on a date,” Gavin told her, tightening his hold around my shoulders. “I’m not leaving her to speak with my mother. If you’ll excuse us, I need to get Judy home.”
“Fine but we will be talking about this tomorrow. Expect a visit at your office bright and early,” she shouted after him. His fists tightened in a ball, and I could tell he was holding himself back from saying and doing something he would regret.
“He’ll be back,” I heard Daisy saying to Donna. “There’s nothing for you to worry about, Mom.”
I hated that I was jealous, I hated that I was acting insecure, but the fact that his mom doesn’t like me… hurt.
Once we got back to the car, I was silent. Gavin sighed as he put the car in drive, looked both ways and pulled out of the parking spot.
“Don’t let them get to you,” he said softly. “They don’t know what they are talking about. My mother thinks she knows best… but she doesn’t. She’s being naive and soon her eyes will open, and she’ll realize her mistake.”
“What mistake?” I asked.
“That she can’t control me or who I bring into my life. All she cares about is her family fortune… she worries that if it’s put in the wrong hands, it could ruin everything.”
“And she’s not worried about Daisy?” I asked, raising my brows. “She screams gold-digger.”
“Yes, she does, which is what I try to tell my mother. But she claims that Daisy is a good friend and would never do anything to hurt the Landry family. I don’t know if I believe that myself though.”
“I don’t believe that at all,” I murmur, thinking about all the terrible things Daisy had said and done since I’d known her.
“Nor do I,” he replied a bit too quickly. “Besides their intrusion at the end, I hope this evening was satisfactory for you.”
I glanced at him.
“Satisfactory?” I asked. “Tonight was amazing. By far the best date I’ve ever been
on.”
Granted, I haven’t been on many, but this was definitely at the top.
He chuckled, his shoulders shaking from the movement.
“I’m glad to hear that,” he told me. “I’ve enjoyed myself too. I liked getting to know you better.”
My face burned as I stared up at him; he kept his eyes fixed on the road, but I knew he could feel my eyes on him.
Once we reached the mansion, he put the car in park and got out. He ran around the passenger side and helped me out of the car.
“Are you staying the night?” I asked him.
He smirked as we continued to walk towards the front door. He unlocked it with ease but made no movement to open the door.
“No, I’m returning to my villa tonight,” he told me. I felt a jab of disappointment in my chest and I couldn’t seem to hide it on my face.
I looked away.
“Oh…”
He took my chin gently between his fingers and moved my head, so I was looking
at him again.
“I wanted
tonight to be a proper
about sex,” he explained.
“For right now, we will part
ì be seeing you tomorro
“}noveldrama
swnovel
I nodded, my eyes never leaving his.
He bent down and brushed his lips delicately across mine as if he was just getting
a small taste.
“Good night, Judy,” he murmured against my lips.
“Good night,” I whispered against his.
He pulled back a sparkle of
something in his eyes that made my heart skip a beat. He then opened the door for me to enter the
mansion, and with a gentle nudge, I stepped inside. He pulled the door
shut, blocking my view of him.
swnovel
I was still in a daze long after he left. I stayed in front of the closed door, even
when I heard his car starting up and him driving away.
Tonight was completely magical.
By the time I reached my room, I was practically floating. I grabbed my doorknob
and pulled it open, stepping inside.
As soon as I was inside, I heard something crashing to the ground, making me freeze entirely. I was now on full alert that someone was in my room as my eyes scanned the
area. It was dark in my room but with my wolf sight, I was able to spot the invader perfectly, someone was going through my things… searching for God knows what. swnovel
Standing across my bedroom, looking like a dear caught in headlights was… “Sammy?”
###Take 441
Judy’s POV
“Sammy?” I asked as I turned on my bedroom light. Sammy was standing at my desk across the room with her eyes wide like she was a deer caught in the headlights. I could practically hear her heart pounding against her chest as she stared back at me, having been caught snooping through my personal bedroom. “What are you doing in here?”
She visibly swallowed.
“I thought I lost something,” she told me. “I was wondering if maybe it accidently got put in with your things.”
I furrowed my brows at her; it was obvious she was lying.
“What were you looking for?” I asked; I glanced at the time. It was almost midnight. “This late at night…”
“It’s not that important,” she said, hurrying towards the door. “I am so sorry. I wasn’t trying to intrude. I was honestly just looking for something I couldn’t seem to find. Please, forgive me.”
I wasn’t sure what else to say; it was obvious to me that she wasn’t being truthful, but I wasn’t sure of the reason why. I would have understood if she told me the truth; then again, it depended on the truth. I watched as she hurried out of my room, shutting the door behind her.
I was still wrapping my head around the events of that evening when I got dressed and ready for bed. I felt a bit invaded by Sammy being in my space
without any warning or heads-up. I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt, but
I felt a bit unsettled by her explanation.
I made sure to lock my door before I got into bed.
It took a while, but eventually, I was able to drift off into a dreamless sleep. I managed to brush off the thought of Sammy snooping around my room, and about my run-in with Donna Landry and Daisy Baldwin; I thought mainly about my date with Gavin and how wonderful it was. He took me to my favorite restaurant and to an amusement park; both of which were completely foreign to him.
He was so childlike and adorable.
I ended up falling asleep with a smile on my face and my heart swelling at the memory.
Chester was making breakfast when I went into the kitchen. He was humming some tune and had a smile of his own on his face.
“You’re in a good mood,” I said as I sat at the counter. “Have a good night?”
“You could say that,” he said with a grin.
As if on cue, Nan walked into the kitchen, freezing when she saw me.
My eyes scanned her body, and my brows raised. She was wearing nothing but Chester’s T-shirt which was long enough to cover most of her thin frame. Her short hair was a mess from the bed and her cheeks were flushed; not to mention her lips were still swollen.
to swnovel
“I can see you both had a good night,” I teased, a grin spreading across my face.noveldrama
“Also, Nan… did you forget that others live here too?”
“It’s early,” she said, running her fingers through her hair. “I didn’t think others would be awake yet.
Especially considering you got in pretty late last night.”
belongs to swnovel.net
I shrugged and grabbed the mug filled with coffee that Chester placed in front of
me.
“I have a morning class today,” I told her.
“I don’t have class until this afternoon, but if you wait a minute I can get dressed and we can head to school together.”
“Are you sure?” I asked her. “I don’t want to interrupt your morning or anything.” I wiggled my brows expectantly at her and she rolled her eyes.
“I’m sure… plus, I want to hear all about your date,” she told me, winking as she turned ot leave the kitchen.
Chester’s eyes trailed after her, filled with a love and desire that made my heart swell for my best friend.
I remembered what it was like having a mate look at me like that and the thought made me a bit sad knowing it was never going to happen again.
“You better not break her heart,” I told him, eyeing him carefully. “If you ever od what Ethan did to me-”
“I would never, Chester said firmly. “I might not be perfect… but when I tell her I’m all in, I mean it. I’m all in Now more than ever. Last night…it was incredible. Better than anything I’ve ever experienced. I don’t ever want that feeling to go away….. breaking her heart would be
breaking my own and that’s not
something I want.”
to swnovel
I nodded, believing him. Chester was a lot of things… but he wasn’t a liar. I trusted him with my best friend.
He finished cooking and placed a plate in front of me. He made another plate for Nan, set aside a few more for the other staff around the mansion, and then boxed up the rest.
“Where are those going?” I asked.
“The packhouse,” he told me. “They’re a few chefs short this morning so I thought I’d help them out by making extra food.”
###Take 442
“Very kind of you,” I tell him with a chuckle. “So, how did you get Nan into bed?” I asked, taking a bite of the eggs.
He laughed.
“I don’t kiss and tell,” he teased.
I raised my brows because that’s literally all he ever does. He loves bragging about this kind of thing.
“Since when?”
“Since this one actually means something to me,” he told me. He leaned against the counter, his eyes softening as he got lost in his thoughts. “I wasn’t really expecting to sleep with her,” he finally admitted. Though I wasn’t sure if he was talking to me, or to himself. “It just kind of happened.”
“How did it just kind of happen?”
“Well, with you gone, Nan and I decided to have a movie night. We did a lot of talking before we watched the movie and we both agreed to take things slow. As the movie played, we started kissing and then one thing kind of led to another. Next thing I knew, I was carrying her into my bedroom and showing her a good time.”
I laughed at his wording.
“Such a romantic,” I teased, taking another bite of the food. “I hope you were careful.”
“She’s on the pill,” he assured me, which I already knew, but I hoped he wore a condom too because I know he’s been with a lot of women. “And I’m clean,” he said, as though he could read my mind.
“Are you sure about that?” I asked him, narrowing my eyes.noveldrama
“Scouts honor,” he said, holding up his hand. “I get checked regularly. I would never put Nan at risk like that if I wasn’t sure.”
I nodded, satisfied with his answer as I continued to eat.
Not before long, Nan was returning to the kitchen wearing a white tank top that rested just above her pierced belly and a pair of tight shorts that were fairly long, resting just above her knees, but also tight enough that it showed off every single one of her curves.
Her hair was also damp from her quick shower and brushed out of her face. She had light makeup on her face, making her already bright features pop and she changed the piercing in her nose, so it went from blue to purple.
I always loved Nan’s style. Delta Patrick Carter didn’t let her wear her nose
piercing while at work, so she had to take it out. But she always wore it when she went to school and on her days off.
“What did I miss?” She asked as she sat beside me, grabbing her fork and shoveling food into her mouth.
“Chester was just giving me the details on how he plowed you last night,” I told her without a care, trying not to laugh when she nearly choked on her food.
Chester’s mouth dropped open as his eyes narrowed at me.
“Oh, did he?” Nan said, her eyes narrowed at Chester, and her lips pressed in a thin line.
“That’s not exactly how it happened,” he said defensively, making me laugh.
“You two are so cute,” I giggled. “I’m only teasing, Nan. Don’t be too hard on him.”
She let out a breath of relief and the anger dispersed from her eyes as she continued to eat.
After we finished our meals, Nan and I said goodbye to Chester, me with a wave and her with a very deep kiss that made me look away because I felt like I was watching something I should be watching.
Gamma Erick was waiting outside for us when we left the mansion, ready to take us to school. As we sat in the backseat of the car, I couldn’t help but feel a bit uneasy as the mansion got smaller in the distance. My mind went back to last night.
“Something weird happened last night,” I told Nan before I could change my mind. “What?” She asked, glancing up from her phone to look at me.
“When I got home… I caught Sammy in my room… going through my things.” Nan’s eyes grew wide as she studied me.
“I knew something was weird with her last night,” she confessed. “Chester and I asked if she wanted anything for dinner and she said she wasn’t hungry and was going ot bed early. She looked uneasy about something.”
“Did you ask her about it?” I asked.
“I asked if she was okay, but of course, she said she was fine. Later, I heard her on the phone with someone… though I have no idea who it was.”
“Well, what did she say?” I asked.
“She was telling whoever was on the other end that she couldn’t go through with it because it was dangerous and she could get caught… whoever was on the other end, they were trying to convince her to do something she didn’t want to do.”
###Take 443
Judy’s POV
By the time we reached campus, both our minds were reeling with possibilities. Something was up with Sammy, and we were both determined to find out what it was. We didn’t see Sammy all morning, so we didn’t bother traveling to school with her.
I had a morning class, so I had to part ways with Nan pretty early on.
Because we were so wrapped up talking about Sammy, I haven’t told her about my date yet. But I made a mental note to tell her all about it later.
As I reached class, I caught sight of Lukas who met my eyes and froze. His eyes were big and he kept his head down as he passed me and went into the classroom. My brows furrowed at his reaction, and I followed him into the room, saying hello to Professor River’s as I passed.
Lukas sat at his seat, which was beside mine. He rummaged through his backpack, pretending not to notice me taking my seat beside him. My eyes never left his reddened face as he struggled to pull out his notebooks and books, placing them on the table before him. He grabbed his pens as well, his hands trembling as he placed each one down in front of him. It was an unnecessary amount of pens for one class and I knew he was only doing this to keep himself busy.
But my question was… why?
I knew Gavin freaked him out the other night; I should have probably warned Lukas that it was technically Gavin’s mansion and that I was living in it. Lukas had Lycan blood because of his family history, so I should have been a bit more considerate. But I didn’t think it meant that Lukas and I couldn’t be friends.
“Are you mad at me?” I finally asked, breaking through the tension; or at least I attempted to break through the tension, but it seemed to make him more tense.
“Mad?” He squeaked out. “No… why would I be mad?”
I narrowed my eyes at him, though he wasn’t looking at me to see the expression on my face or the look in my eyes.
“Because you are avoiding my eyes,” I tell him, cocking my head to the side.noveldrama
This was the first time that I’d seen him since our study session at the mansion the other night. I assumed he’s been busy these last few days and that’s why I hadn’t heard much from him. I’ve been busy too, so I didn’t really take his silence as anything other than living our lives. But now I’m beginning to think that his silence was starting to mean more.
“I’m not avoiding your eyes,” he told me, though his actions proved otherwise.
I folded my arms across my chest and leaned back in my seat.
“Oh, yeah?” I asked. “Then look at me, Lukas.”
When he didn’t make any movements, I leaned closer, assessing the side of his face carefully and watching as his neckline grew redder with each passing second.
“Lukas…” I said again, my tone was low and filled with a hidden warning. “Look at me.”
His eyes finally moved in my direction, and I knew it was painful for him to look at me, though I had no idea why.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him, my tone softening as I looked into his eyes. “Why are you having trouble looking at me?”
He pulled his eyes away from me and let out a breath as if it were the most painful thing in the world to look at me. I’m not sure why it hurt a little, but it did.
“Because I was commanded not to,” he admitted, his voice in a low murmur.
I raised my eyebrows.
“I’m sorry, what?” I asked.
Gavin came to me and ordered me to not look in your direction again. He even called my uncle and let him know of the situation. My uncle reprimanded me and said if I fuck up again while I’m here… he’s pulling my tuition f*e and forcing me to return to his territory.”
My heart fell deep into my stomach as a rage like no other boiled inside of me. “Gavin did what” I asked, my voice came out much harsher than I intended. He swallowed; his eyes fixed on his notebook.
“What do you expect? I was close to someone he considers his… and he’s a Lycan. They are possessive creatures, Judy. I would know…”
I shook my head, my rage at an all-time high but I was suppressing it because I was in a classroom right now and it was quickly filling with other students.
“I do not belong to him. He is not my mate…” I tell him in a harsh whisper. “I’m not sure where you got that idea from but-”
So, you didn’t just go on a date with him last night?” Lukas asked, his brows raised, but his eyes still fixed on the table.
I was startled by his knowledge of my date last night. I opened my mouth to speak, but no words came out.
“I…” I tried to say.
After a few seconds of silence, he sighed and grabbed his phone. He swiped along the screen for a b
###Take 444
Lycan Gavin Landry was spotted with Gamma competitor and winner, Judy Montague, on a romantic date.
There was a picture of Gavin and me at dinner as the featured photo and another photo of the Ferris Wheel.noveldrama
I shouldn’t have been surprised that photos were captured of us that evening, but still, seeing them in the news article the day after, it was gut-wrenching and stomach-dropping. I sighed and buried my face in my hands so I could let out a
groan.
“Just great…” I murmur.
“You went on a date with him,” Lukas said, putting his phone back in his pocket. “He has a claim on you.”
“No, he doesn’t,” I said firmly. “Our relationship is complicated. We never really discussed what any of this means. So, what if I went on a date with him? You probably go on lots of dates with women… doesn’t mean you are in a relationship with all of them.”
I wasn’t blind to the fact that Lukas was a good-looking guy, not to mention he had Lycan blood because he was a Merriweather. I had no doubt in my mind that he got his fair share of women, and I doubt he took all of them seriously.
His face reddened slightly, and he gave me a slight shrug.
“Yeah, so what?” He murmured. “None of them are Lycan’s and none of them are Gavin Landry.”
“Look, all I’m saying is that Gavin had no right to tell you to not look at me. He had no right to command you anything. You not only someone I’m needing paid to tutor, but I also consider you my friend, Lukas. He doesn’t get to tell me who I can and can’t be friends with.”
“Understand where you are coming from… I truly do,” he said, scooting a bit away from me to gain some distance, making me frown. “But you also have to understand where I am coming from. He Alpha commanded me… he’s powerful and he’s scary. One wrong move and he’ll either kill me, or my uncle will pull my tuition and force me to go home. I can’t let that happen. I have dreams that only this school can happen. I need to keep my nose clean… just like my uncle said.”
I stared at him for a bit longer; he refused to look at me but now I knew it wasn’t because he didn’t want to or that he was afraid of me… it was because he literally couldn’t. I felt a rage burn in the pit of my stomach, but I didn’t argue with him. There was no use in arguing with him.
I knew one thing for sure though, I wasn’t going to let Gavin get away with this. I was pissed and I needed answers as soon as possible.
As class came to an end, Lukas was quick to leave. Typically, we would have made plans to study in the library or meet up somewhere, but he didn’t bother with it today and I now understood why.
I met up with Nan in our usual spot by te Oaktree on the quad. She was leaning against the tree with her textbook in hand and her legs crossed in front of her. She smiled when she saw me approaching, but when she saw the disdained look on my face, her smile faltered.
“What happened?” She asked.
“I’ll tell you later,” I told her. “I need to cool off. I might skip our normal study session in the lounge and head to the gym instead.”
She nodded as she stood up.
“I’ll come with,” she said. “I could use a workout before class.”
I nodded and together we headed toward the gym area. As we reached the doors, we heard a familiar voice coming from around the corner, We were outside still, so I knew the voice was coming from behind the building.
I looked at Nan who gave me an equally confused frown, also
recognizing the voice. I motioned for
her to follow me, and she did. We
walked around the building, and
paused when I saw Sammy pacing back and forth. Her phone was glued to her ear, and she had a furrow between her brows.
“I just don’t think it’s a good idea… I want out…” she said in a low and harsh tone. She paused for a moment, her face paling.
“Of course, not but…” she paused again, listening to whatever was being said to her on the other end. She nibbled on her lower lip, and I swear I saw tears filling her eyes. “I don’t want that…”
She paused again, her body resting against the stone building like it physically hurt her to keep standing. She lowered her gaze to the ground, her shoulders slumping slightly, and a long sigh escaped her lips.
“Okay,” she finally said after what felt like a long time. “I’ll do it… I’ll reach out to him…”
###Take 445
Judy’s POV
“Who do you think she’s talking to?” Nan asked in a whisper. “Or about?”
I shrugged.
It was strange that she was having a secret conversation behind the gym. Just as we were about to step away, she came around the corner and froze upon seeing
us.
“Judy,” she gasped and then her eyes went to Nan. “And Nan. Uh… hi. What are you girls doing here?”
I looked at Nan and then back at Sammy.
“We were just heading to the gym, and I thought I heard your voice. We just came to check it out.
Her cheeks flushed and she seemed to be looking anywhere but at us.
“We didn’t hear anything,” Nan was quick to interject. “We just got here. Were you on the phone?”
She nodded.
“Yeah,” she said. “I was just talking to family. I have to go though. I’ll see you girls later.”
Without another word she brushed past us and ran off, leaving us staring after her with dumbfounded expressions. I looked at Nan and her confused expression mirrored mine. After a moment of standing in place, silent, we decided to go into the gym. It wasn’t busy, thankfully. A few from my combat class were using the weight machine and with respectful head nods in our direction, they continued to do what they were doing without bothering either of us.
Nan immediately gravitated towards the treadmill while I went towards the closest weight machine so I could still talk to her while doing my workout. Despite that Nan was petite in size, she had always been athletic. She played various sports in middle and high school, including track, which was one of her favorites. So, I wasn’t surprised when she immediately set the treadmill for the highest setting and started to sprint.
“Maybe she got back together with her boyfriend, and she’s embarrassed about it?” Nan said after a while. I knew both our minds were still fixed on Sammy and that mysterious phone call.
“It didn’t sound like a boyfriend,” I told her with a frown. “It sounded as she said… a family member. Accept it appeared they were asking her to do something she didn’t want to do.”
Figuring this out shouldn’t be hard for me considering I was in Gamma training. It was my job to be able to find out these things with ease and if I couldn’t, that’d be embarrassing.
“Maybe they want her to get back together with her boyfriend,” Nan suggested. “He was an Alpha right?”
I nodded.
“Yeah, but he didn’t take on the role of an Alpha. He was in the Gamma competition which meant he wanted to be a part of the Elite Force.”
“Do we even know who he is?” Nan asked with a frown.
“She never told us a name, no.”
“He definitely exists though… right?” Nan asked, her brows furrowed.
The fact that she could sprint as fast as she was and hold up a conversation along with facial expressions was impressive.
“Sammy wouldn’t lie to us… would she?” I asked. But even as I asked that question, I wasn’t so sure. I mean, she was snooping around my personal bedroom and hiding phone conversations from us. It was weird behavior, and I had a feeling maybe Sammy was lying to us…or at least hiding something she didn’t want us to know. It gave me an unsettled feeling in the pit of my stomach.
“I don’t know,” Nan said softly. “I’m a little worried that maybe we are being deceived.”
We both fell silent as we continued our workout routine and after an hour, we were both panting and sore, but we felt better.
Nan finally slowed down the treadmill and started to walk while I lowered the amount of weight I was doing.
“Maybe we should talk to her again,” I suggested. “Or at least keep an eye on her.”
Nan nodded in agreement.
She glanced at her watch and sighed as she turned off the treadmill and hopped
off.
“I have to get to work. Will you be okay if I leave?” She asked.noveldrama
I nodded.
“Yeah, Taylor is picking me up in a few minutes. I have to work tonight too. I promised Matt I wouldn’t bail on him tonight,” I told her as sat up on the bench. “Call me later, okay?”
She nodded as she grabbed her belongings and hurried out of the gym.
I stayed for a little longer before I called it a day and packed up my own things.
As I reached the parking lot, I saw
the familiar car that Beta Taylor usually drove parked out front. There wasn’t any sign of Sammy, so I. assumed she wasn’t riding with us, which was fine because I wanted to go straight to the Villa anyway. Plus, I still wasn’t sure how I was feeling towards Sammy so maybe it was good that I was gaining some space from her.
###Take 446
I was about to walk towards the backseat, but then the front passenger door opened, and I froze for a moment. I walked over to the door and peeked in, only to see Gavin seated in the driver’s seat. I raised my brows as I got into the car.
“Hey,” I said to him. “Where’s Beta Taylor?”
“He had something to do,” Gavin said, his eyes scanning me briefly as he waited for me to buckle my belt.
“Erik couldn’t pick me up?” I asked. Erik was my typical driver at the mansion, so when Taylor couldn’t pick me up from school, it was usually Erik.
Gavin narrowed his eyes at me.
“Do you have a problem with me picking you up?” He asked, raising his brows. I snapped a look at him.
“No, of course not. I’m just wondering why you went out of your way,” I told him.
We hadn’t spoken since our date last night and things were a little weird. The date was incredible, and things ended well, but I wasn’t really sure where we stood anymore. Were we still being casual? Or were we more now? I wanted to ask him what he thought, but I decided to keep my mouth shut for right now.
“It wasn’t out of my way,” he murmured, almost defensively. “I was passing by and figured I’d pick you up on my way home.”noveldrama
I raised my brows.
“You were passing by?” I asked, suspiciously.
As I looked at his side profile, I noticed how tense he was. I suddenly had the urge to reach over to him and touch him, giving him some type of comfort. His knuckles were turning white as he clutched the steering wheel, and my brows furrowed when I saw his biceps tensing.
I opened my mouth to say something, but his words stopped me immediately.
“My mother wants us over for dinner this evening.”
My heart stopped as I turned to look at him, my eyes wide and my mouth practically on the ground.
“What?” I asked, not sure I heard him correctly.
He sighed, his knuckles tightening even more around the steering wheel.
“She insists that we got to her place for dinner this evening,” he told me. “Don’t overthink it… she saw us out last night and now she wants to know you.”
“Your mother wants to know me?” I asked my jaw nearly on the ground. “Why?” From the couple of encounters that I’ve had with his mother, they weren’t good.
“Are you forgetting what the purpose of our arrangement was to begin with?” He asked, his eyes fixed on the road in front of him. “To get my mother off my back with the whole marriage thing. She thinks we are in a committed relationship, and she wants to get to know you better. Make amends for the times she was rude to you. Her words.”
“And you believe her?” I asked, raising my brows; he wasn’t that naive… was he?
“I mean, she’s been spending all this time with Daisy. Will she be there too?”
“No,” he said, his expression darkening. “She won’t be there. You don’t have to worry about that.”
Though he said I didn’t have to
worry, I was extremely worried.
What was the real reason his mother wanted to meet with me tonight?! Cause
had trouble believing it was
she wanted to get to know r
better. Not after my recent
encounters with her.
“I don’t have anything to wear,” I told him.
I knew I would have to dress nicely if I were to meet with his mother this evening
for dinner. It was known that the former Luna lived in a gorgeous manor in a secluded area of the pack and only those invited were allowed to go there.
“I’ll take care of it,” he murmured. “I already have someone shopping.”
My stomach knotted.
I didn’t like this, but I wasn’t going to argue so I nodded and stared out the window; trying to think about how tonight was going to go. This was the last thing I wanted for the evening. I had to study and tutor Matt, not prepare for dinner from hell with a Landry.
Just then, my phone went off, bringing me out of my thoughts. I dug around my
bag until I found my phone and I pulled it out, glancing at the screen.
I saw Nan’s name flash across the screen.
It was a text message… actually it was a picture message.
I opened the image, and my heart immediately stopped.
It was a picture of Sammy… and she was talking to Ethan.
###Take 447
My heart stopped when I saw the picture. They looked to be in a private area in the local coffee shop near the school. They were huddled in the corner, talking privately. I couldn’t take my eyes off the image when Nan texted again.
Nan: I stopped by on my way to work and I saw them together. What do you think they are doing together?noveldrama
My mind instantly went to the worst scenario. Had Ethan somehow gotten to her and now he was courting her or something? Was Sammy dumb enough to believe the things Ethan says after everything she already knows about him? I had told her about the situation with me, Ethan, and Irene.
But did he somehow twist things and make it seem like he was the good guy in the situation? My wolf whimpered at the sight our her mate with yet another woman, knowing his intentions were not good. I hated that he still affected her, that my wolf clammed up every time he was near or every time he was mentioned. It helped being around Gavin for some reason; she felt more at ease, but still, the image of him and Sammy together, made her recoil a little.
“What is it?” Gavin asked; for a moment, I had forgotten that he was sitting right next to me, driving to the villa. I thought about lying to him and saying it was nothing, but I wasn’t sure my voice could carry the lie, so I decided just to tell him the truth.
“Nan went to a coffee shop before work and she saw Sammy speaking with Ethan,” I told him, my voice carrying a hint of worry, though I tried to mask it.
Gavin glanced at me with a frown before returning his attention to the road. His villa was nearing; I could see it in the distance.
“I didn’t think they knew one another,” Gavin said, his tone carrying something I couldn’t quite figure out. “When did he return to town?”
“I’m not sure,” I replied. “It must have been recent because I didn’t hear about it until just now either.”
He thought about it for a moment and then nodded slowly.
He pulled into his villa and parked the car, turning off the engine he turned to look at me.
“Stay away from him,” he told me firmly. “I’m not sure what he’s planning, but I don’t want you involved. Understood?”
My cheeks warmed and I nodded immediately.
“I don’t want any trouble with him. My ties with him are cut; especially now that Irene is no longer in his clutches and my father is out of prison,” I say with conviction. “But I’m worried about Sammy. She’s my friend.”
“If she’s in talks with him behind your back, that isn’t a friend,” he said, his eyes narrowed.
I thought about what he had said, hating that he was right. I mean, did catch Sammy going through my things last night; was that because of Ethan? Had he asked her to snoop through my belongings?
The thought sent a wave of nausea through me, and I started to feel sick.
Gavin narrowed his eyes, scanning me carefully.
“What is it?” He asked.
“Nothing,” said a little too quickly. I made a decision to not tell Gavin about Sammy snooping through my things. I mean, he just hired me to I be the maid for the mansion didn’t want to ruin that for either of them.
“Judy-”
“I should get inside,” I say, taking off my seatbelt; his frown deepened. “Matt is waiting.”
I quickly got out of the car, glad that he didn’t reject.
I heard him getting out of the car, but I didn’t turn around to look at him. I only
hurried forward and towards the villa doors.
“Oh, hi Judy…” Theard a soft and
familiar voice saying as I entered the villa. I looked up to see Irene
descending from the stairs. Her sleek blond hair was down, and one side was tucked behind her ear. She wasn’t wearing her usual glamorous clothing; she looked more casual with a T-shirt and a pair of jeans.
She also wore no makeup, though she was naturally beautiful and didn’t need the makeup, it was still strange to see her face so… Bare.
Irene and I ended up on good terms back at the resort, but we also hadn’t talked since returning so I wasn’t really sure where we stood now.
“Hey,” I said to her, waiting for her to reach me.
“I’m sorry I haven’t spoken to you since returning,” she said, biting her lower lip. “I needed some time to think about everything. But just know, I’m not mad at you for anything.”
###Take 448
I was relieved to hear that honestly.
“It’s okay,” I told her. “I understand. You don’t have to explain.”
“No, I do,” she said, tears filling her eyes. “I did some really awful things that I shouldn’t have done. All because I thought you were after Ethan… but I was so wrong. I mean… I basically poisoned my own brother-”
“You did what?!” Gavin’s voice cut through her words, and I watched Irene’s face go pale as she looked behind me, now noticing Gavin walking through the doors.noveldrama
“D… dad… “she said, her voice coming out as nothing more than a whisper.
“Tell me I didn’t just hear what I thought I just heard,” he said through his teeth, his eyes flashing with anger. “Are you telling me the peanut butter incident months ago was because of you?”
I lowered my gaze, not sure what to say to resolve this situation; Gavin was furious, and his anger was rolling off him in waves. Irene was a stammering mess, not expecting that her father was only around the corner and could hear everything she had said. My heart went out to her, but still, she did essentially poison Matt and put his life at risk. Gavin blamed me for it, but then Ethan paid a maid to take the fall and Gavin had exiled her, damning her as a rogue.
That was months ago, so she was most likely dead by now. Not many can survive in rogue territory and live to tell the tale.
“I wasn’t trying to hurt him. I was just—”
“What exactly did you think was going to happen, Irene?” He asked, his tone deepening as he stepped closer to his daughter. “And what was the end goal?”
Irene’s eyes flickered to me and I wished that I could help her, but I wasn’t sure what to say. Irene was in the wrong for doing that to Matt since the beginning and nothing I could say would change that. She knew she was in the wrong as well, which is why her eyes showed no signs of malice, only guilt.
“I thought Judy was after Ethan at the time and I wanted her out of the way,” she said as tears filled her eyes.
“You could have killed your brother,” Gavin nearly growled; I could tell he was trying hard to keep his anger in check. This was his daughter, after all, not a simple wolf or enemy. But the anger he was feeling at that moment was clear to everyone in the radius. “Do you have any idea how stupid that was? All because of what… petty jealousy over someone who wasn’t worth your time in the first place?”
Irene flinched at his harsh words, but she knew he was right.
“It was selfish and tasteless,” Irene admitted, her bottom lip trembling. “I understand that now… I’m so sorry.”
“You nearly let Judy take the fall for something she didn’t do. I almost fired her because of it,” Gavin continued. “And that maid who did take the fall… did you convince her to do it?”
Irene shook her head, looking up at him.
“No…” she breathed. “I’m not sure why she took the fall but I didn’t talk to her at all. I have no idea what she was thinking. I promise…”
I believed her knew it was Ethan who had bribed her. He promised her money and protection but lied After Gavin banished her from the pack and named her a rogue, Ethan cut ties with her completely.He gloated about it for weeks afterward and it made me sick to my stomach.
“I banished her from the pack, Irene. I turned her into a rogue. She’s most likely dead right now. That was an innocent life you destroyed. Matt might not be dead, but that doesn’t mean your actions didn’t have serious consequences.”
He glared at her for a long while as she shrunk in on herself. I wanted to reach out to her and tell her it was going to be okay; part of me wanted to protect her. But I knew I couldn’t… not when it came to this.
“I need you to go to your room,” Gavin finally said, stepping away from her. “I can’t look at you right now.”
She flinched as if he had just struck her in her face. But she didn’t argue. She turned her tear-filed gaze to me.
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered brokenly.
With that, she turned and hurried back up the stairs, leaving Gavin and me alone.
###Take 449
Gavin’s POV
The rage I felt boiling inside of me when I heard Irene’s confession. I watched her retreat up the stairs and towards her room, my eyes narrowed, and my jaw clenched tightly. I was clenching and unclenching my fists, trying to calm myself down and not do something I was seriously going to regret.
“Gavin, try to calm down,” Judy said from behind me, her tone low and cautious like she was trying not to provoke the big bad wolf.
“Calm down?” I asked, turning to look at her. I could see the concern in her eyes, and it caused me to pause for a minute, but then the second I thought about what Irene had done, the anger returned to me. “How can I calm down after knowing what my own daughter had done”
She bit her lower lip, making my eyes drift to her mouth before snapping back to
her eyes.
“Irene was in a really bad place at that time,” Judy told me.
“And that makes it right?” I asked through my teeth; I couldn’t believe she was defending Irene right now. I nearly fired her because I thought she tried to hurt my son… I did fire a maid after she confessed to the crime and banished her. If it weren’t for that maid… it could have been Judy. I was thankful that the doctors were able to help Matt and that he survived, but the outcome could have been so much worse. “Whatever she was going through, whatever jealousy she was facing, it didn’t make what he did any better. She nearly killed Matt and was most likely the indirect cause of that maid’s death.”
“We don’t know if she’s dead,” Judy said, trying to reason with me.
“But she could be and it’s Irene’s fault for that,” I told her, my eyes blazing with anger. “Why are you defending her right now?”
“I’m not… I’m just ” her voice trailed off as she tried to figure out what to say.
I realized at that moment what was flashing through her eyes.
“You knew it was her this whole time… didn’t you?” I asked, hurt pinging my chest as I stared down at Judys; small frame.
Judy glanced at the ground, nibbling on her lip as she thought about how to
answer my question. But it was a simple answer that didn’t require much thought.
It was a yes or no question. She either knew, or she didn’t.
“Tell me the truth,” I demand, my patients wearing thing. “Did you know, or didn’t you?”
Judy’s shoulders slumped and she nodded.
“I knew,” she finally admitted.
“And you weren’t going to say anything to me?” I asked, unable to hide the hurt in my tone. “You were going to take the fall for it? Or were you just waiting for someone else to take the fall like the maid?”
“I didn’t know the maid was going to take the fall,” I said quickly. “I was planning on taking the blame myself.”
“Why?” I asked through my teeth, a snarl on my lips as my wolf’s instincts surged forward, pushing us closer to the edge.
“I was trying to protect her…” she admitted softly.
“Why?” I asked again in a snarl. “Why would you want to protect her after what she had done”noveldrama
“Because she’s your daughter,” she replied, looking up at me and making my heart stutter. “She’s your daughter and I didn’t want your
relationship strained becaul
She did this because she wanted me out of the way and it nearly worked… but at that moment, she had her father on her side and that’s all she really wanted. She wanted you to choose her over me and you did. I was trying to protect her and Matt. If Matt knew what his own sister had done, it would destroy him, Gavin. Completely destroy him… I couldn’t let that happen. I was going to take full responsibility, but then that maid confessed out of nowhere.”
My jaw tensed at her words as I stared into her tear-filled eyes. She was telling the truth and that’s what killed me the most. She cared more about me and my family than she did her own innocence or reputation.
“Do you know why the maid confessed?” I asked, my tone was low and charged.
Judy was quiet for a minute and her silence spoke volumes. My eyes narrowed at her, daring her to continue because we both knew at that moment that she knew exactly why the maid confessed.
“Ethan…” she finally said, her shoulders slumping. “He promised her a fortune and told her that he would provide her with protection if she confessed to the crime.”
My blood boiled at the sound of her words, and I wanted nothing more than to
punch Ethan in the face for all the parts he played in this.
“Then the maid is okay then,” I said, my eyes scanning Judy’s face.
Her face paled and she nibbled on her lower lip once again, a telltale sign that she wasn’t saying everything.
###Take 450
“Judy,” I urged. “Tell me the truth.”
“As soon as you banished her, Ethan pulled all ties with her. He lied to her and abandoned her… so I’m not entirely sure where she is now but if I were to
guess…”
“She’s probably dead…” I growled. Judy nodded, unable to form words. “And how do you know any of this?”
“He told me,” she confessed. “Irene doesn’t know about it though. At least, I don’t think she does. But Ethan gloated to me about it for a week afterward. He wanted me to know how much control he had around me.”
I wanted to punch something; I wanted to find Ethan and punch him in the face for what he had done. I remained silent for a long while, trying to process all the information I was just told.
“I should have been informed of the truth from the beginning,” I murmured. Judy nodded; her eyes downcast.
“I was protecting your family,” she said, her voice nothing more than a whisper. Something about her whispered words made something inside me snap and the next thing I knew, I was pushing her against the wall, pinning her between my body and the hard surface of the wall.
Her breath hitched as my lips found hers and I kissed her deeply, allowing my tongue to explore her mouth greedily as if I couldn’t get enough. She tasted sweet and her breath was warm and sent a shiver throughout my entire body, but in a good way. Her body curved around mine, fitting almost too perfectly against me as my cock grew hard in my pants, making me too uncomfortable.
I groaned against her lips, not able to get enough of the contact between us. She breathed me in, her body melting against mine as if it were the most natural thing in the world. I nipped at her bottom lip, drawing it into my mouth and sucking on it like it was the sweetest piece of candy I had ever had.
She sighed contently, the kiss lingering for way too long in the middle of the villa foyer. When we both finally broke apart, our breathing was intermingled and heavy as we fought to catch our breaths. I closed my eyes and pressed my forehead against hers. Keeping her pinned against the wall as if my life depended on it.
“What was that for?” She finally asked, her voice coming out as a breathy whisper.
“For protecting my family,” I found myself whispering. “For being there for them even when I couldn’t be. For being you…”
My words came out before I could really comprehend them myself, but as I spoke each point, I realized how right they were… how real they sounded.
She licked her bottom lip and nodded, her body trembling against mine.
I finally stepped back, noticing her flushed cheeks and her hooded eyes. I wanted
to pull her back into me and kiss the life out of her, but I chose to remain quiet as I stared around her face, searching for something… anything.
“I’m sorry for keeping this from you and that you had to find out this way,” she finally said, returning our conversation to what it was initially. “I’m sorry for that.”
I shook my head.
“Don’t be,” I said, my tone a little too gruff. “It’s okay.”
She nodded, though her cheeks still held a bit of pinkness to them.
“I should get to Matt. I’m late for tutoring.”
I nodded, running my fingers through my hair. Without another word, she turned and hurried away and Owned the back parlor where
she normally met up with Matt.
I sighed and looked up at the stairway; I knew I had to speak with Irene sooner or
later about all of this… but I needed to know some things first.noveldrama
I [pulled my phone out of my pocket and called Taylor.
“Hello?” Taylor asked tentatively; he couldn’t tell if this was a social call or a work call.
“I need you to find out information,” I told him quickly.
“Of course, Alpha,” Taylor said, realizing that this was in fact a work call. “What can I do for you?”
“That maid that I fired months ago…
I need you to find her and if she’s dead, find out what happened to her. If she’s dead, bring me the rogue that killed her. If she’s alive, bring her to the villa. I have questions that only she can answer.”
Taylor raised his brows; he knew why that maid was fired and banished; he
couldn’t believe that Gavin trusted her to enter his villa again.
“Are you sure you want to do that?” Taylor asked, his eyes narrowed though Gavin couldn’t see his face.
“Don’t argue with me, Beta.” Gavin
snapped into the phone. “I’m not
the mood. Do as you’re said. I want day on
a ful Dreport at the end of theant
my desk.”
There was a pause for a moment and then Taylor sighed.
###Take 451
Judy’s POV
“Why was Dad and Irene fighting earlier? I could hear yelling,” Matt asked during the tutoring session.
I tensed at his words; I didn’t want to tell him the whole truth because it would only hurt him to find out it was his sister who tried to poison him a few months ago. I had to protect Matt from the awful truth; I knew Irene felt guilty about it and that Matt wasn’t in any danger, but if he found out the truth, he would never trust her again.
“Just some differences,” I decided to tell him with a shrug. “It’s nothing to be concerned about.”
He looked at me, a small frown on his face.
“Differences?” He asked. “They’ve had disagreements before… but it was never anything like that. Something felt off.”
I bit my lower lip, trying to keep my eyes fixed on the coffee table.
“Irene did something bad, and it put a lot of people in danger. She’s sorry and it won’t happen again, but your dad is upset about it. They’ll be okay. They just need to talk it out and figure out the best outcome for everyone.”
Matt went quiet as he processed my words.
“Oh,” he said softly. “It must have been really bad. You can’t tell me what it is?” d
I sighed and shook my head.
“It’s better for you right now that you don’t know,” I told him. “But your dad loves you both and he’ll do what he can to protect you.”
“Do you think he’s going to make Irene go away?” He asked, a nervous tint in his eyes.noveldrama
I smiled at him and found myself wrapping an arm around him, pulling him close. It wasn’t often that I had to provide him with this level of comfort. He’s strong- minded, a good fighter, strong, and intelligent. But I forget that he’s also a little boy. He’s almost 8 years old and he follows in Gavin’s footsteps. But he’s still just a child and he has worries and fears just like any other child. He doesn’t want to see his family being broken apart.
“Your dad would never do that,” I assured him. “Maybe if he saw Irene as a real danger then he would. But she’s not a real danger and he knows that. Trust me, if she was… she wouldn’t be anywhere near this Villa right now. Or the pack for that matter. But she’s only in her room, reflecting on her past behavior. She’s not going anywhere. You don’t have to worry about it.”
He nods, his small body relaxing slightly.
The door of the parlor opened one of the villa maids walked in holding a few shopping bags. She looked exhausted, but when she saw me, she gave me a bright smile.
“Miss Montague, I went shopping for a new outfit for you. I wasn’t sure which would look better, so I got you I a few different options. They all should be your sizes, but if we need to get them adjusted that shouldn’t be an issue. We only have a few hours though, so we should try them on now and get you ready,” she told me with a warm smile lighting up her features.
I glanced at Matt; we hadn’t finished tutoring yet. I wanted to get his homework done out the truth which could end up happening considering these walls tend to whisper.
“I’m having dinner tonight with your father and your grandmother,” I told him.
He raised his brows.
“My grandmother? Why?”
“She wants to have dinner…” I told him.
He stared at me for a moment too long.
“With you?” He asked. “My tutor?”
I nodded, trying to come up with a logical reason as to why she would want to have dinner with me.
“Yes,” I told him. “She wants to get to know the person who’s tutoring her grandson,” I say as I rub his head.
He let that process for a moment; his eyes turning thoughtful. Then, he nodded,
seemingly accepting that answer.
“Will you be mad if I have to cut
today’s session short?” I ask him feeling bad that I’ve missed the last couple of tutoring sessions and now I have to cut today’s session short.
He shook his head as he started to pack up his stuff.
“No, my homework is almost done,” he tells me. “I can finish the rest later. Enjoy your dinner.”
He stands up and waves at me before retreating from the room. I looked up at the maid who gave me a small mile.
###Take 452
orry,” she said softly.
“No, it’s okay,” I tell her. “Let’s try on these clothes.”
I didn’t think it was going to take as long as it did, but within the next couple of hours, we were finally finished with trying on the clothes she bought. She didn’t just buy a few nice outfits, she bought a ton. There were bags more than when she initially came into the parlor. She had an entire car full of clothes.
“I couldn’t decide,” she stated with a sheepish smile after the hundredth blouse I tried on.
After a while, I settled on a nice evening dress with a cardigan. The maid helped me do my hair so it flowed in even ringlets down my back and was pulled out of my face. She applied a little makeup, but not enough to make me look like a hussy; just enough to make my features pop and brighten my face a little more.
I put some flats on for shoes, thankfully she also went shoe shopping, so I didn’t have to worry about either. Once I was dressed, I took a look at myself in the mirror, feeling my stomach knot.
I was still wrapping my head around the fact that I was having dinner with Gavin’s mother… Donna Landry. From what I knew about her these last couple of days, she couldn’t stand me. I could only imagine how this dinner was going to go. No amount of dresses and hair was ever going to make that woman like me, so I didn’t understand why she would invite me to dinner with Gavin.
As I met Gavin in the parlor, I noticed him before he noticed me. He was scrolling through his phone, seated on the couch. He wore a business suit like he was about to go to a business meeting, and I suddenly felt as if I wasn’t dressed properly enough. Maybe I should have worn something fancier; this was a dinner with his mother after all.
He looked tense as he stared at his phone and for a moment, I wondered if it had anything to do with Irene.
I cleared my throat, getting his attention.
His eyes shifted from his phone to me; there was a moment of pause in his expression. His eyes scanned my entire body, taking in my dress that hugged my figure, but was still classy enough for dinner at his mother’s manor. Then his eyes found mine for a moment, his expression softened making my heart skip a beat.
“Are you ready?” I asked him. “You seem lost in thought.”
He swallowed before turning his phone screen off and standing. He shoved his phone into his pocket.
“Yeah, we should get going. She hates it when people are late,” he murmurs. “Shall we?”
I nod, watching him carefully. I wanted to ask him if he talked to Irene some, but I didn’t want Matt to overhear. It would have been better if we had this conversation in the car. I expected either Taylor or Erik to drive us, so I was surprised when it ended up being Gavin the one to drive.
“Why are you driving us?” I asked him as we pulled away from the villa.
“Do you have a problem with my driving?” he asked; he sounded dry, but I was starting to understand him well enough to know that he was teasing.
“No, but I thought driving places yourself was above you,” I teased right back.
“I drove on our date, did I not?” He countered. His brows raised.
My cheeks were heated at the mention of our date; until now, it kind of felt like an elephant in the room.
“That was different,” I said, ne
going soft as I looked out the
window. I felt him smirkingut
even looking at him and for some
reason, that annoyed me.
I turned to look at him, narrowing my eyes.
“Got something to say?” I boldly asked.
He shrugged.
“Are you going to keep that attitud during dinner because gettingnoveldrama
er to like you won’t be eacPhe
he
me, that smirk never leaving his lips.
“And why would I care if your mother liked me?” I asked, folding my
iOSS my chest. “I don’t
$ me… she already do armed
care if she like
me.”
“Tonight will certainly be interesting,” he muttered.
“You find this funny, don’t you?” I asked him in disbelief.
He shrugged one shoulder.
“Yeah, maybe I do,” he murmured. “So what?”
I opened my mouth to say something, but the sight of the manor caught my
attention, and my entire body went cold.
We were here.
###Take 453
Judy’s POV
The manor was gorgeous; it was everything the magazines had said it was. It was in a secluded part of the Silver Crescent pack, so I never had the privilege of actually seeing it. In the beginning of the small forest, there was a pearl gate that led up the driveway and it was guarded by a couple of Gamma officers. Nobody was allowed to pass except for those with invitations and of course Gavin.
The guards recognized him right away and opened the gates; he nodded at them as he drove past them and up the 3-mile-long driveway, which was a large foresty area. once we neared the actual manor, my jaw dropped. It was huge; probably as big as the mansion and sat right on the edge of the ocean, looking out into the horizon. The clearing passed the forest was large and the driveway curved at the top, circling around a large fountain, a stone carving of a wolf looked back at me.
I recognized the wolf was one of the first Lycans to walk our planet and the fact that Donna Landry had a statue of him in the middle of her driveway, piqued my interest, to say the least.
Gavin parked the car in one of the designated areas before he turned off the engine.
“Are you ready?” He asked, looking over at me. I must have looked as though I’d seen a ghost to him because he narrowed his eyes, and I could see a slight hint of worry in his gaze.
After a beat of silence, I finally nodded.
“Yeah,” I said softly. “I’m ready.”
He nodded and opened the door; before I could open mine, he ran around to the passenger door and opened it for me. He held out his hand for me to take.
“You didn’t have to do that,” I told him, taking his hand. I stepped out of the car and stood in front of him, suddenly very aware of how close he was to me.
“We need to keep up appearances,” he told me, his eyes shifting over to the door. I followed his gaze and noticed a tall and lanky man standing in the doorway. I raised my brows and glanced at Gavin, wondering who that was. “My mother’s butler.”
I nodded; of course she had a butler. I wasn’t surprised by that fact.
“Okay,” I said, letting him take a hold of my arm and guide me towards the door. In comparison to Gavin, I looked tiny. He was not only tall, but he was built like a god; he had these broad shoulders and muscled arms. Though I was strong and had my own muscles, they were packed in a small petite form that looked as if I couldn’t throw a punch to save my life. I might have been a small package, but I was anything but weak. But in comparison to Gavin, I looked small. I could only imagine what the butler was thinking when he looked at me, but it was clear he was sizing me up.
“Is she close to her butler?” I asked, keeping my tone low knowing that wolves could hear for miles.
“She’s close to all her staff,” he replied.
I took a shaky deep breath as she reached the front door.
“Alpha Gavin,” the butler said, bowing his head. “Your mother is expecting you.”noveldrama
“Thanks Doug,” Gavin replied, giving him a small nod as a simple gesture.
The butler, Doug, stepped aside for us to enter. His eyes flickered to me and suddenly a knot formed in the pit of my belly. I gave him a small smile trying to keep up my
ver
appearance, just had Gavin had said, and then I stepped aside from him
to enter the manor.
I shouldn’t have been surprised that the entire place smelled of her perfume, also with a Mix of Daisy’s lingering scent, indicating that she had been here, but she was no longer here. Gavin tensed when he smelled it and I could practically hear the scowl as he came up with the same conclusion that I did.
“Right this way,” Doug said, closing the front door and stepping around us. “Your
mother is in the parlor. Dinner will be ready shortly.”
Gavin nodded and took my hand,
keeping me by his side as we
followed Doug through the manor it was gorgeous with elegant decorations and portraits all along the walls. They were portraits of past Alphas and portraits of men that kind of looked like Gavin. I assumed they were his family members; maybe father, grandfather, and the brother that
was abroad with his family.
I knew Gavin had a sister as well, but I didn’t see any portraits of her, which I found strange.
There were a ton of pictures of Gavin though and it warmed my heart knowing he was loved by his mother, even if she couldn’t stand me.
As stepped into the parlor, Gavin’s hold on me tightened even more, like he was afraid I was going to run away at any moment. I thought the idea was funny, but when I looked up at him, I saw that his jaw was tense.
He was worried about something; I wondered what it was.
###Take 454
Madam Landry, your son and his date have arrived,” Doug announced, stepping aside for us to enter.
Donna Landry wore one of her gorgeous gowns and her jet-black hair was curled around her features, crowning her heart-shaped face. She was a gorgeous woman and you’d never be able to tell she had children who were in their 30s. She was also an intimidating woman, and I can tell she never smiled… except for when she was with Daisy. I’ve seen her smiling with Daisy.
“Gavin, I’m so glad you could come to dinner,” she said, motioning for the small couch across from the loveseat she was sitting in. Her slender leg was crossed over the other and she had a cup of tea in her perfectly manicured hands.
Gavin motioned for me to sit on the couch, releasing his hold on me, though he seemed hesitant to do so. I went to the couch and lowered myself into it, trying not to notice how Donna’s gaze followed my every movement.
“Mother,” Gavin greeted as he went to his, pressing a gentle kiss to her cheek. She presented her cheek to him as if it was the most natural thing in the world before she leaned back in her seat, watching as he took his seat beside me.
“I’m glad you could join us too, Judy,” Donna said, her eyes never leaving mine.
My cheeks flushed and I had to force a small smile.
“Thank you for the invitation,” I told her. “I’m a little surprised honestly.”
She raised her perfectly trimmed brows as she studied me; maybe I shouldn’t have said that. I mentally bit my tongue.
“I’m sure you are,” she replied coolly. “We didn’t exactly get off on the best start and I’d like to apologize for that.”
I nodded.
“Thank you,” I told her, glancing briefly at Gavin who appeared tense in his spot, his eyes never leaving his mother’s face.
“I guess it was because I didn’t realize how important you were to my son. But seeing you two together during your little date… I realized I might have been wrong,” she said, her eyes narrowed as she studied my face. “If you are going to be a constant in his life, I figured it was time that I got to know you. Don’t you think?”
I felt my cheeks flushing as I nodded.
“Yes, I suppose so,” I told her, playing my part to the best of my ability.
Gavin reached over and took hold of my hand; I was surprised by the gesture, especially when he entwined his fingers through mine. His warm and calloused fingers touching mine sent an electric shock through me that made my wolf practically roll over and purr.
I had to shush her before she made it obvious.
“I figured what better way to get to know you other than dinner at my place,” she said, a small smile tipping the corner of her lips, though it didn’t reach her eyes. “I hope you like Lamb.”
I swallowed and then nodded.
“Yes, Lamb is great,” I told her. I never actually had lamb before, but it was meat and wolves loved meat so I couldn’t imagine not liking it.
“Great,” she said in return, her eyes studying me.
I felt like I was going to melt under her scrutiny. I wished she would
stop looking at me like that. Sensi
my unease, Gavin cleared his throat, getting his mother’s attention.
“I’m glad you were able to have dinner with us without your shadow,” Gavin
murmured; his tone and words surprised me.
She corked a brow up at him.
“Are you speaking of Daisy?” She
asked. “She is not my shadow; she is a family friend. Are you forgetting shes your sister-in-law? She’s practically family.”
“She is not my sister-in-law anymore,” Gavin reminded his mother. “My late wife passed away years ago.”
“And that makes her any less family?” Donna asked. “Gavin, I’m surprised in you. You are better than that.”
Her tone was almost mocking and there was a glint of something in her gaze that passed from her to her son and it made me even more uneasy.
“Oh, by way, I spoke to Cassie,” Donna said, her eyes never leaving Gavin who tensed at her words. “She wants to meet with you… and she wants to see her son.”
“No way in hell,” Gavin all but growled, making Donna’s eyes widen in shock.’
I furrowed my brows; I could feel Gavin’s agitation rolling off him in waves.
“Gavin let’s be fair…” Donna tried to reason with him.
“She’s not going near him,” Gavin said through his teeth.
“I’m confused,” I said, cutting through their tension. “Who is Cassie?”
Gavin didn’t reply and for a second, I didn’t think either of them heard me. thye were having a pretty intense staring contest. It was Donna who backed down first with a sign as she looked at me.
“Cassie is my daughter,” she told me. “Gavin’s sister…..”
Realization dawned at on me all at once as I let out a breath of air.noveldrama
They were talking about Cassandra Landry… Matt’s mother.
###Take 455
Chapter 455
Judy’s POV
+25 BONUS
My heart weighed heavy in my chest as I stared up at Gavin. He had a scowl on his face and he looked like he wanted to punch something at the thought of his sister. Gavin hadn’t told me much about her, but I knew she fell on hard times. She wasn’t like the rest of the Landry’s. She cut ties with them a long time ago though from what I hear; nobody knows what truly happened to Cassandra Landry. She stopped appearing in newspapers and magazines. It was almost like she never existed and everybody kind of just moved on with their lives.
Matthew was only 1 year old when he went to live with Gavin and his family and nobody questioned it. They all assumed he had a kid with someone if they saw glimpses of Matt, but for the most part, Gavin tried hard to keep him out of the limelight because of that.
“Why does she want to see Matthew?” Gavin finally asked as he worked to compose himself.
“Because she’s his mother and she hasn’t seen him in years,” Donna replied, narrowing her eyes at Gavin, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world and she was shocked he would even ask such a thing.
“Matthew barely even knows who she is,” Gavin said, his lip curling up in disgust. “This would disrupt his life and I’m not going to put him through that.”
“Or maybe it won’t,” Donna said with a shrug. “He knows his mother is your sister; he’s a smart kid, Gavin. He knows his mother had fallen on hard times and that she’s working to get better.”
“Is she though?” Gavin asked, folding his arms across his chest. “Because you know I keep regular tabs on her progress and her doctors are saying she’s not willing to work with them. She’s erratic and has manic episodes. I’m not letting Matt get hurt… not again.”
“I visited with her and she was really heartfelt when she spoke about Matthew,” Donna said, a frown marring her lips. “She’s sorry for what she put him through when he was a baby.”
Gavin growled, stopping his mother’s words. She stared at him with wide eyes, shocked that he had the audacity to growl at his own mother.
“Did you just growl at me?” She asked, not sure she heard him correctly.
His wolf was on edge, I could feel it. I’m not sure what provoked me to do this, making it the high tension, or maybe it was having a nervous breakdown, but I reached over and touched his hand. He tensed for a second as his yellow–glowing eyes glared at my hand. I entwined my fingers with his and leaned into him, my wolf surging forward like too wanted to comfort him. It was something that I would do for a mate… not for Gavin. I’ve done this for Ethan many times when we first found out we were mates… back when things were easy and my fated mate actually wanted me, that was the last time I tried something like this… I’m not sure what I was thinking would happen at this moment, but I wasn’t expecting it to actually work.
With a shuddering breath, Gavin’s body relaxed and the glow of his eyes simmered, replaced with a gentle vulnerability that I had never seen before. My breath hitched in my throat as I stared up at him, our eyes locking for the briefest moment before he turned back to his mother, fully charged.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to growl, Mother,” he said to her.
Her eyes grew wide as she stared between the two of us, her face turning almost thoughtful for a moment.
“Interesting,” she whispered as she took in the scene that unfolded before her eyes.
“I won’t let her have any access to him. He is no longer her son… she signed away all rights and I signed the adoption certificate years ago. He is legally my son, and I know what’s best for him.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 455
I was surprised by this information; I had no idea that Gavin actually adopted his own nephew, making him not his nephew, but his real son. It made sense; he wouldn’t be able to keep the fact that Matthew wasn’t his son a secret if he didn’t have actual proof that he was his son.
Donna opened her mouth to say something more, maybe to argue with him further, or to give up and cut her losses. However, one of the maids entered the parlor and bowed her head to Donna.
“Dinner is being served in the dining hall,” she announced,
###Take 456
Chapter 456
+25 BONUS
Donna sighed, tossing aside what she was going to say a moment ago and then she stood to her feet.
“I guess we should go eat then,” she said as she eyed us both carefully.
Gavin stood; his hand still entwined with mine. It was almost like he was afraid of letting me go and I found my heart skipping a beat at the feel of his closeness. He gave my hand a gentle squeeze before he pulled me alongside him and towards the dining hall.
Once we were seated in the dining hall, the food was served almost right away. My mouth was practically watering at the sight of all the delicious meats that were being placed on the table by various different maids.
“I hope you’re hungry,” Donna said, eyeing me carefully. “We have plenty of food.”
I could definitely see that; food was still coming out as we spoke. I was starving; I hadn’t had the time to eat today. I was planning on making something in the kitchen once I got to the villa, before my tutoring session with Matt, but then Gavin announced the dinner plans. Once I knew where we were having dinner, my stomach had been in a knot for the rest of the evening.
So to say I didn’t eat a thing today, was an understatement.
“Enjoy,” one of the maids said once they finished. She turned and scurried away with the others.
Gavin lifted his wine glass and took a long sip of the red elixir. I could tell he could use the drink. I was afraid to drink mine knowing that wine could make me foggy–headed and at least one of us needed to have a clear head if we wanted to get through this evening.
We added food to our plates before we started to eat. The food was delicious and cooked to perfection, or maybe I was just hungry.
“I’m not sure what the doctors had been telling you, but she looks really good.”
“We aren’t going to continue this conversation, Mother,” he said through his teeth.
She sighed and relented.
“Fine, we don’t need to talk about it anymore,” she finally said after a short pause. She then glanced in my direction as I was taking a bite of the lamb. “So, Judy. Tell me about your family. Are they well off?”
I didn’t miss the glare Gavin sent his mother, and it was kind of cute. I mean, Gavin was a big bad Alpha Lycan Chairman, and his mother still found a way to get under his skin.
“My father is the Delta of the Redmoon Pack,” I told her as swallowed the food in my mouth.
She nodded.
“That’s a pretty small pack, if remember correctly. Is that the pack that has no Alpha?”
I nodded.
“The Beta’s had been running it. But Gavin is technically the one in charge right now,” I told her. “They are still trying to get good candidates for the role.”
“I see,” she said, cutting into her food and bringing it to her lips on the fork. As she chewed, she watched me.
“Have you ever been mated before?”
I froze at her question and Gavin growled deep in his throat
+25 BONUS
Chapter 456
“Mother,” he warned; she shot him a playful glance.
“It’s only a question. What? Is it some big bad secret?” She asked a hint of humor in her eyes.
I wasn’t sure what to say; do I tell her the truth? It almost felt like she knew the truth already and she was just testing me. I decided it was better not to lie because she was Donna Landry. She could easily found out this information for herself if she hadn’t already.
“Yes,” I answered. “I was mated before. It didn’t work out though.”
“He rejected you?” She asked, her brows shooting up.
I flushed; it was bold of her to assume that it was him who rejected me and not the other way around.
“Why would he do something like that? Rejected a fated mate wasn’t something that commonly happened,” Donna pressed as she bit into her food.
“That’s enough,” Gavin said through his teeth. “You’ve asked enough questions.”
“I’m sorry, I’m only trying to get to know your little girlfriend,” Donna said; something about her tone screamed mockery.
Was this dinner a joke?
Was she trying to prove a point?
Donna turned to look at me again, her eyes narrowed, and I could see the devious side of her desperate to surface.
“So, tell me, Judy. Why were you not good enough for your own fated mate?” 4
###Take 457
Chapter 457 
Judy’s POV
My blood went cold at the sound of her question. I stared at her and she stared back at me with a glint of humor in her eyes. I wanted to vomit at that moment; all the food I had just eaten resurfaced.
I could feel Gavin’s agitation towards his mother, but he remained quiet, just glaring at her like he was trying to kill her with just his eyes.
“I’m sorry, was that too forward of me?” Donna asked. “You see, Judy. I have some concerns, that’s all. I’m a mother above anything else and I care about the figure of my son and his children… current and future.”
I swallowed the limp in my throat at her insinuating words. I remained silent though, not sure what to say. I waited for her to continue. She studied my face for a long while before she continued.
“I only want the best for Gavin, as you know,” she continued. “If you aren’t good enough for your own fated mate, what makes you good enough for my Gavin?”
My heart fell deep into my stomach; she was right. I wasn’t good enough for Gavin. I wasn’t even good enough for Ethan, someone who was supposed to love me above anything and anyone else. My fated mate. I was kidding myself if I thought for a second that I was good enough for Gavin Landry, the most powerful Lycan Chairmen in the world.
I looked at Gavin and saw how tense he was; his eyes remained fixed on his mother and his jaw was tensing with each passing second. Donna leaned back in her seat, placing her fork gently on her plate as she took me in.
“I hope you don’t take any offense to that, Judy. I want to like you… I really do. But what kind of future could a rejected mate give my powerful son?”
Soon, Gavin’s chair was scraping across the marble floor as he stood up quickly. I was shocked by the sudden sound, and I looked up at him with wide eyes, wondering what he was about to do or say.
“Mother, you’ve said quite enough. I came here with her thinking you wanted to actually get to know her, but instead, you’ve disappointed me by acting in the same way you did previously. Your questions and your insinuations are not welcome, and they are not necessary.
Donna’s frown deepened as she stared up at her son.
“Gavin I am your mother. Don’t speak to me like I am a child,” she said, her brows furrowed.
“Then stop acting like one,” Gavin shot back. “I won’t hesitate to walk out that door if you don’t start behaving.”
Donna pressed her lips together.
“No need to lose your temper,” she said after a beat of silence. “Just sit down and eat your dinner. Seriously, Gavin.”
He stared at her for a long while before he lowered himself into his seat.
Donna turned her attention back to me.
“Do you have any siblings?” She asked.
“No, Mam,” I replied, trying to be as polite as possible I just wanted to get through this dinner in one piece and leave as quickly as possible.
“Do you go to school?”
1/2
** +28 BONUS
Chapter 457
“Yes,” I replied. “I’m training to be a Gamnia warrior.”
I was surprised she didn’t already know this information, seeming as I was all over the news after I won the Gamma competition.
“A Gamma warrior?” She asked, looking down at my body and then back to my eyes. “That’s quite a dangerous job, don’t you think? Shouldn’t you leave that to the men?
I took a bit of offense to that, and I pressed my lips in a thin line.
“I’m actually top in my class, and I’ve been trained by some of the most skilled masters,” I told her. “I attend the Whitmore Shifter Academy, which is the most prestigious school in the world. I might look small, but I can fight, and I know my way around most weapons.”
She raised her perfectly trimmed brows at me as she continued to assess me.
“I see,” she said, leaning back in her seat. “I personally would feel safer if you left the Gamma work to trained professional men. Those who are tall and strong and not small and scrawny… and packed in a female body.”
I was so taken aback by her rudeness that I had to fight the urge to jump across the table and attack her. I had to physically hold my wolf back; she was taking Donna’s words as a challenge, and she hated being challenged.
“Judy won the Gamma competition, Mom. She’s the real deal,” Gavin said, his eyes narrowed as he stared at his mother. “She’s about to become part of the Elite force once she graduates from college.‘
Donna’s eyes grew wide.
“The Elite Force?” she asked. “That’s quite an accomplishment.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t hear about my victory,” I told her, eyeing her carefully. She waved off my words as if they were no big deal.
###Take 458
Chapter 458
“I don’t follow that kind of thing,” Donna said, rolling her eyes.
“It was all over the news,” I countered.
Something about her brushing it off after putting me down didn’t‘ sit right with me. I was starting to suspect that maybe she knew about the competition, and she was just looking to put me down for no reason.
“Again, I don’t follow that kind of thing. As soon as they started talking about it, I turned it off. I knew there was a winner, j just didn’t think it was you.”
“You owe her an apology for what you insinuated earlier,” Gavin said, his eye fixed on his plate. I knew if he looked at her in that moment, he would have lost his cool and he was trying hard to keep himself under control.
“Excuse me, I don’t apologize to anyone in my own home,” Donna said, raising her brows. “I stand by what I said.”
Gavin stood to his feet, having had enough of his mother’s attitude.
“Then, we will take our leave,” Gavin said, he gently grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet.
“Already?” She asked, shock registering on her face. “We didn’t even get to dessert yet.”
“I’m not going to sit here and allow you to give Judy nothing but your disrespect. You’ve been rude to her since the moment we got here. I won’t tolerate it anymore. She’s been nothing but kind to you and doesn’t deserve that kind of treatment.”
Donna looked taken aback by her son’s words.
“Gavin…” she tried to protest as she too stood to her feet.
“No,” he said, his eyes flashing yellow again as his wolf surged forward. “You are so focused on getting me to marry Daisy, that you won’t even see anything else around you. I will never marry Daisy, Mom. Not ever. Get that through your head. We are leaving now.”
Donna was stunned and I could see it all over her face. I was stunned too if I were to be honest. Gavin didn’t really. give me much of a choice, not that I would have chosen to stay. But it was odd that he was practically dragging me out of the manor by the arm.
Donna followed us through the foyer, the butler, Doug, standing at the entrance with a frown on his face.
“Is everything okay?” He asked, looking around at everyone’s faces.
Gavin turned to look at his mother, his eyes narrowed.
“I’ll come see you again… this time without Judy. But for now, try not to cause any issues,” he told her. 1
She looked like she wanted to protest, but her lips pressed together, and she relented.
“It was good to see you,” she said to him, giving him a quick hug and kiss on the cheek. “Please, don’t be a stranger.”
He nodded, giving her a gentle squeeze which contrasted with our erupt leaving due to his aggravation. He turned to me and grabbed my arm, pulling me out of the door.
“Judy,” Donna called after us, making Gavin freeze at the doorway. “I hope I didn’t offend you too much. I hope you understand that as a mother, I only want what’s best for my son.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat I turned to look at her.
+25 ROMS
Chapter 458
“And you don’t think that’s me?” I asked my voice coming out as barely a whisper. She narrowed her eyes as she looked at me and Gavin’s tense posture behind me.
“No,” she finally said after a long pause. “I don’t believe you are whoht for Gavin.”
Gavin’s grip on my arm tightened; it wasn’t painful, but enough to show his aggravation and his desire to pull me out of the manor and get me as far away from here as possible. I wasn’t going to argue with him.
I nodded, without saying another word, and turned away from her.
“Thank you for dinner,” I murmur and with that, we were leaving the manor and going back to the car.
Gavin opened the passenger door for me, and I slid in, my mind was a whirlwind, and I felt almost numb. She was right; I wasn’t good enough for Gavin and I was fooling myself. If I wasn’t good enough for my own fated mate, what made me think I was good enough for Gavin Landry?
Gavin sat down in the driver’s seat and buckled his seatbelt; once I buckled mine, he started the engine and started to drive. My head was still lost in thought as I stared out the window. I couldn’t believe that interaction actually happened, and in front of Gavin above all. I was embarrassed and I kind of felt sick to my stomach.
The silence stretched on for what felt like an eternity, and then Gavin spoke… his words coming out so soft that I almost missed them.
“I’m sorry…”
###Take 459
Gavin’s POV
My mother had crossed a line tonight. I knew tonight’s dinner was going to end up disastrous, but had no idea she would end up attacking Judy so boldly like that. I was angry and replaying the evening in my head as I drove Judy home. I was well aware of how awkward the silence was that stretched between us.
When I looked over at her I could see she was lost in her own thoughts, probably thinking about all the questions my mother had asked her. I clenched my fists around the steering wheel, feeling a heavy weight on my shoulders. I fixed my attention back on the road, anger rolling off me in waves.
My mother had never pissed me and my wolf off like that but for some reason, I nearly lost control of him tonight. I had to get out of there before my wolf forgot that she was our mother and did something we’d regret.
I couldn’t take the silence for much longer. I didn’t want Judy to think the absolute worst after such a disastrous dinner.
So, I uttered words that made me seem weak and vulnerable.
“I’m sorry…”
The words came out as nothing more than a whisper; they were barely audible even to my own Lycan ears.
Judy pulled her gaze away from the window to look at me.
“What?” She asked.
I was quiet for a moment, debating whether or not I should repeat myself or not. I eventually sighed, giving in. “I said I’m sorry,” I said a bit louder. “My mother was out of line. You didn’t deserve that. I wouldn’t have brought you if I knew what she was planning.”
She pressed her lips together and gave me a look I wasn’t quite prepared for.
“What did you think was going to happen, Gavin?” She asked, that fire returning to her eyes. “Your mother made it obvious from the moment I met her that she thought very little of me. She hates me and suddenly she wants to. meet me for dinner. I knew this evening was going to be hell the second you mentioned going to dinner at her place.”
I knew she was right, which only made the guilt grow a bit more.
“I thought she would have been a bit more subtle,” I admitted. “I thought it would be manageable and tolerable until we had to leave. I didn’t think she’d be so blunt and nosy about your personal life. That’s never been her style. She’s more passive–aggressive than anything.”
She folded her arms across her chest and fixed her gaze back out the window.
“Well, I now know where I stand in her eyes,” she murmured.
I was quiet for a long while, trying to process her words as I thought about what my mother was saying. How Judy wasn’t good enough.
“She was wrong,” I finally said after another long stretch of silence. “She doesn’t know what’s best for me and she doesn’t know you. So, don’t let her words get to you. She was wrong. You are plenty good enough.”
Her cheeks reddened at my words, and I had to fight the urge to smirk, knowing my words had reached her. She looked as if she was about to say something, but she closed her mouth and relaxed in her seat. As the drive
+25 BONUS
Chapter 459
continued, the silence between us went from intense and awkward, to comfortable. I could feel that she was more at ease; it also helped that we were driving further away from my mother’s manor. The energy and vibe near that manor was all off and we could both feel it almost right away.
Truth be told, I was glad to be leaving too.
“So, Matt’s mom wants to see him?” Judy asked suddenly.
I tensed at her question. It wasn’t something I wanted to talk about, but I knew she wasn’t going to stop until I gave the answers that satisfied her. I tried hard to forget about Cassandra, my sister. She was a mess for a long time; she was the outcast of the family and destroyed her own life, nearly taking Matt with her. I will never forget the day that I found Matthew in his soiled clothes, bruises covering his small body, and she was passed out on the ground.
###Take 460
Chapter 460
I felt sick to my stomach at the memory and swallowed the bile that threatened my throat.
“Gavin?” Judy asked when I hadn’t said anything.
I sighed; 1 could lie to her or deflect the question… but cared about Matt. She should know the truth so she can help me protect him when I’m not around him.
“Yes,” I replied. “Cassie wants to see her son and I won’t let that happen.”
Judy nodded as her mind raced, probably thinking about what Cassie had done to make herself unworthy of seeing her son.
“There were a ton of rumors about the female Landry,” Judy said softly. “But nobody really knows what happened to her.”
I nodded.
“For a reason, I murmured. “It didn’t benefit the Landry brand; I had to erase all signs of her,” he explained.
Judy’s eyes seemed to have lit up, like she was expecting something juicy to happen and now her interest was even more piqued.
I sighed, knowing I wasn’t going to get out of telling her the rest of the story.
“She ran with a bad crowd of rogue wolves when we were growing up,” I admitted, ignoring Judy’s gasp. “She was always like that… running with the wrong ones. They got her into drugs and other terrible things like stealing and spreading pack secrets to our enemies. She was a traitor to our pack, which was what I’d been trying to cover up. If they knew a traitor of the pack was still alive… it wouldn’t end well for any of us.”
Judy let out a shuddering breath as she stared at me. I pulled into the mansion driveway and parked out front. I didn’t turn off the engine though; we sat there in silence for a while.
“She jumped from one abusive relationship to the next,” I murmured. “I banished her and forced her to live as a rogue after I found out she betrayed not only the pack but the family as well. A few times my mother would take pity on her because she was still my mother’s little girl. She had my mother wrapped around her little manipulative finger. She didn’t die in rogue territory like most would because she fucked half the rogues around and because my mother continued to provide for her. She sent her money, clothes, and food… sometimes she would even sneak her into the pack and let her stay in the manor while I was away on trips. My mother babied her.”
Judy remained quiet as she processed each word I said to her.
“And then one day she came to me and before I could reprimand her for breaching the borders and entering a territory, she was banished from… she dropped a truth bomb that I wasn’t expecting.”
“She was pregnant,” Judy whispered, already guessing where the story was going.
I nodded.
“Yeah,” he murmured. “She was addicted to pretty hard drugs and an acholic at that time, so she looked like complete shit. The guy she was with was also a rogue and he was a complete jackass. He was abusive and known for his brutal attacks on innocent people. But she was carrying my nephew, an innocent baby and he was the father of this baby. So unbanished them and let them remain in the pack under the supervision of my mother, a few gammas, and some doctors. I needed her to get clean and for him to keep his hands off her during the pregnancy. I needed to ensure that the baby was safe. For a while, it worked. They kept their noses clean, and they got through the pregnancy. They relapsed a few times and because of that it was a difficult pregnancy and even
+25 BONUS.
Chapter 460
worse birth. Matthew was in critical condition when he was born but thanks to my amazing pack doctors, he made a full recovery.”
Judy let out a breath she had been holding.
“But after he recovered and was able to retur
home with them, they took him and left…” I continued,
remembering the panic I felt when I found out that Matthew was missing in their custody. “They were gone without a trace.”
Chapter 461
###Take 461
Chapter 461
Judy sucked in a sharp breath.
“They just left, and nobody knew where they had gone?” She asked, tears filling her eyes.
I nodded.
“Yeah,” I murmured. “We searched everywhere, but they were gone. There was a note saying not to look for them and that they didn’t need us anymore. I knew she was going to relapse again, and I certainly did not trust him… I worried for Matt.”
“I would too,” Judy whispered.
“I didn’t stop looking for him; that was my nephew…” I said softly. “I searched for over a year and eventually I found them in a rundown little apartment in a human territory. The entire place reeked, and Matthew was sobbing on the ground. Bruises all over his body… it was clear he was also drugged… only one year old,” I whispered as the memory became too much to bear.
She gasped.
“What?” She asked, her eyes wide with fear and pain.
“Yeah… there was no sign of him anywhere, but I knew he was the reason for the bruises on my sister and nephew. She was drugged up completely and nearly overdosed. I wasn’t sure how long they had been like that… but Matt was extremely malnourished and dehydrated on top of being drugged and beaten. I brought them both back to the pack. They both spent a long time in the hospital recovering and once Matthew was ready to be released, I took him home with me. She remained in the hospital for a while. Eventually, we moved her to the inpatient detox center; which doubles as a psych ward… she’s been there very since. I convinced her to sign over. her rights as Matthew’s mother and then I adopted him.”
“And what about his father? That rogue? Is he still out there?”
He shook his head.
“A killed him a few years ago. He was spotted sniffing around. I wasn’t sure what he was after… whether it was her or their son… I didn’t care to find out. I killed him without question.”
Judy let out a breath.
“I had no idea any of that happened…” she whispered. “Now I understand why you don’t want her to have anything to do with Matthew…”
I nodded.
“Yeah,” I agreed. We remained silent for a while before she cleared her throat and took off her seatbelt. “Thanks for tonight… standing up for me, it was nice of you,” she said softly. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
She goes to leave but I grab her and pull her back to me. I kiss her deeply on the lips; she sighs against my mouth as she kisses me back. After a minute, I pull back.
“Good night,” I say to her.
Her cheeks are flushed, and her eyes are hooded with lust, but she nods and leaves the car.
I wait until she’s inside before I drive off.
I don’t drive home though; I continue driving until I’m outside of a familiar building. I turn off the engine and
Chapter 461
head inside. The bell chimes as I walk through the front door and over to the front receptionist’s desk.
Catherine, the night receptionist, smiles at me.
“Good evening, Alpha. I’m surprised to see you here so late” she said thoughtfully.
I took a deep breath, stealing my nerves.
“This couldn’t wait,” I told her. “I’m here to see my sister.
###Take 462
Chapter 462 
Gavin’s POV
I can’t remember the last time I actually came to visit my sister. Usually, I would send one of my men to come and get a report on her condition. Part of me wanted to turn around and go home; I shouldn’t have let my mother get under my skin like this, but knowing Cassandra wanted to see Matthew was driving me insane. There was no way in hell I was ever letting her know him again, not after what she did to him when he was only a baby. She lost every right she had to him the second she took off with him and that monster.
Catherine peeked up at me through her glasses and nodded as she typed something on her computer. She kept log of all patients in her database and whether or not they could accept visitors at specific times. Some visitors misbehave and have their visitor rights revoked for a certain period of time. I wasn’t surprised that my sister would end up needing to be checked.
After a moment, Catherine finally nodded and stood from her seat.
“I’ll go grab her. You can head into the visitor lounge,” she told me. “Do you need security in the room with you?”
“No, I can handle my own sister,” I murmured as I walked towards the door that was labeled ‘Visitor Lounge.‘ She nodded as she headed towards the inpatient center.
“They will be posted outside the door. Cassandra Landry is quite unpredictable,” she murmured as she disappeared through the doors.
She didn’t have to tell me twice; she had always been unpredictable.
Sighing, I walked into the visitor lounge. It was a comfortable room that they set up like a living room, minus the television. There were a few nice couches, a few chairs, a large bookshelf, a water bubbler in the corner, a mini fridge with a microwave on top of it, and a large window that overlooked the facility garden. The window had long flowing curtains that touched the ground, and it matched the overall soft color theme of the room.
I wiped my sweat–soaked hands on my pants, unsure of why I was suddenly so nervous. I never got nervous over anything, and yet here I was, sweating uncontrollably. This was ridiculous; I was here for one reason and one reason only. To tell Cassandra she couldn’t meet with Matt
I sat down on the couch, willing myself to stop pacing like a lunatic.
I waited for what felt like an eternity; of course, there was a chance she was sleeping. It was kind of late.
After a long while, the door finally opened, and Cassandra walked in with a guard behind her. He said something to her that made her eyes roll, but I wasn’t paying attention to that. My eyes were immediately scanning her face and her body; she looked healthy, just as my mother had said. But that didn’t mean I trusted her; I still wanted her to stay away from Matthew, despite whether she was clean or not. She wore casual clothing, and her hair was tied in a neatly brushed–out ponytail.
The guard shut the door behind her, leaving her alone in the room with me. Her eyes flickered to me as if she was just noticing me for the first time, and I saw the surprise in her eyes. Clearly, they didn’t tell her who they were meeting with tonight.
“Gavin?” She asked, her tone coming out as a whisper. “You came…”
I stood to my feet, already feeling my blood boil.
“Yes,” I replied, my tone coming out rougher than intended. “I thought it was time that we talked.”
She nodded and then glanced around for a moment; I saw disappointment crossing her face as her eyes found
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 462 
mine again.
“Is Matthew here as well?” She asked, a bit of hope lingering in her tone.
“No, he’s not,” he said, unable to hide the irritation in my one. “That’s what I wanted to talk to you about.”
I saw her expression fall for a moment before she picked herself back up and nodded.
“Okay,” she breathed. “Then, let’s sit down.”
She tentatively walked over to one of the chairs and lowered herself into it. I sat down on the couch I was originally sitting on.
“I’m assuming you spoke to Mom,” she said, her eyes finding mine.
I nodded.
“Yes, I just had dinner with her,” I murmured. “She never changes.‘
Cassie snorted.
11
“That’s an understatement. She’s such a meddler. But I’m glad she spoke to you. I’ve been wanting to reach out myself… but I’ve been so afraid you’d just reject my calls.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Take 463
Chapter 463
+25 BONUS 
It wasn’t irrational for her to fear that, because that’s exactly what I would have done. Talking to Cassie was the last thing I wanted to do, even now. But it was necessary, so she knew she had no chance of ever seeing her son again.
“I want to see my son…” she finally said, her voice coming out soft.
“After what you did… what makes you think you have any right to see your son?” I asked through my teeth, my tone coming out harsh and making her flinch.
“It was a long time ago, Gavin. I have changed…”
“A shower and decent clothes don’t mean shit, Cassie,” I said, my eyes narrowed. “You nearly killed that boy when he was barely a year old; you think I’ll let you anywhere near him?”
Tears welled up in her eyes.
“He’s my son…
>> 
“He stopped being your son the minute you signed away your parental rights,” I hissed. “You have no right to him. He is my son, and I will always be there to protect him from people like you. I didn’t come here to grant your wish; I came here to tell you to stay away from him.”
peor ede
I stood up; I was done with this conversation. I came here to say what I needed to say, and now I was leaving.
She stood as well, desperation in her eyes.
“Please,” she begged. “I just want to see how he is…”
“He’s great,” I said, my eyes never leaving hers. “He’s getting good grades, he has friends, he’s healthy, and he has a family that loves him. He wants for nothing and has everything he could ever possibly need and then some. I’m providing him with a good life, Cassie. A life that you could never provide for him.”
She sucked in a sharp intake of breath from my harsh words; I knew they were a reality check for her because she looked as though she had no argument left.
“What happened to him when he was a baby… it wasn’t my fault. It was Macus’s, and you know that. He was the one who put those bruises on us both… he was the one who injected us with those drugs, took everything I had, and left. I was a victim too.”
I growled at her, my wolf surging forward at the audacity.
“You stopped being a victim the second you took off with him,” I said through my teeth. “You knew the kind of man he was… the kind of rogue he’d always be. And yet you still took Mathew, and you left the protection of our pack to be with him. You disappeared for over a year, Cassie. The state I found him in… the state I found you in… it was your fault. You might not have put those bruises on him, but you did shit at protecting him.”
I spat those last words at her, making her wince.
“I know I fucked up, Gavin. But I just want to talk to him. I want to see what he looks like and get to know my son. Does he even know about me? Or does he think you’re his real father?”
“He knows about you,” I murmur. “He knows his mom is in a hospital and that she isn’t good for him. He knows he’s being taken care of by a family that loves him and that you will not be a part of his life. Leave him alone, Cassie. He has a good life, and he doesn’t need it to be disturbed.”
I knew my words were harsh; she was my sister, and I should have sympathy for her, but I couldn’t. Not after what she put Matthew through. She got no sympathy from me, and I refused to give in to her wishes, regardless of how
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 463
many crocodile tears she cried.
I turned away, ready to leave and not return here unless it was necessary. As I reached the door, her words had stopped me.
“But what about what Matt wants, huh?” She asked suddenly. “What if he wants to get to know his mother? What if he wants to know who I am? Did you ever stop and ask him what he wanted, or did you decide his future for him like you decided everyone else’s? You’re not innocent in all of this, Gavin. You are the reason he doesn’t have a mother.”
###Take 464
Chapter 464 
 
Third Person POV
Irene had never seen her father so angry at her before. For a second, she feared that he might actually banish her. She was surprised when he didn’t. She nearly got Matt killed and then tried to frame one person while unintentionally framing another. Or at least caused someone to get fired, banished, and potentially killed.
She had been sitting with the guilt for weeks after it had happened, but now she felt even more guilty after her father found out the truth and spent hours reprimanding her for her careless actions. She had been avoiding Matt since it happened, but she knew she couldn’t keep walking around like nothing had happened.
After spending most of the day and night in her room, she left and walked down the hallway the next morning. It was late morning; Irene went straight to Matt’s room. There was a chance he was still sleeping. She knocked on his door.
After a minute, the door opened, and Matt stood before her with curious eyes. It wasn’t often that Irene came to his room for no reason.
“Hey,” she said a bit awkwardly. “Can we talk for a minute?”
He stepped aside for her to enter.
“Sure,” he replied, motioning for one of his chairs.
She sat down and fiddled with her fingers while he climbed onto his bed. Once he was settled, he looked at her, waiting for her to speak. For a long while, she wasn’t sure what to say. How could she possibly tell him that she nearly got him killed and tried to blame Judy for it? He was never going to forgive her once he learned the truth, but he had to know. It would be a lot worse if he found out from someone else.
A tight knot formed in her belly as she nibbled her lower lip
“You’re making me nervous,” Matt confessed, his brows furrowed as he stared up at the girl he’d known as his sister for his entire life. His eyes were trusting, and Irene felt a ping of worry that the trust in his eyes would soon fade.
“Okay, so here’s the thing. I have to tell you something, and you aren’t going to like it,” Irene blurted, her fixed on her fingers as she fidgeted.
Matt nodded, waiting for her to continue.
eyes
“So…” she started and then paused to gather her thoughts, trying to figure out the best way to say this without sounding awful. “Do you remember when you had that allergic reaction last month?”
Matt nodded.
“It’s hard to forget,” he admitted. “I almost died.”
Irene nodded, swallowing the lump in her throat.
“It was my fault,” she said, her voice dropping to nothing but a whisper.
Matt furrowed his brows at her.
“What do you mean?”
“I was the one who slipped the peanut butter into your sandwich, Matt… I was the one who poisoned you,” she whispered, tears filling her eyes as the guilt consumed her,
1/2
Chapter 464
+25 BONUS
“Y… you poisoned me?” Matt asked, his little face falling as realization hit him. Irene was the one who hurt him… it was never Judy or the maid. It was his
sister.
“Yes,” Irene said, tears slipping down her cheeks. “But Mat, you have to understand… I never wanted to hurt you
}} 
“What did you think was going to happen? You know I’m allergic to peanuts…” Matt said, standing to his feet.
“I know, but we have Epi–pens everywhere in this villa and I thought I could get to one quickly… I had one in my pocket and-”
“You weren’t the one who used the Epi–Pen, though. You stood there frozen. It was Dad who saved me. He came home on time and grabbed the pen from the living room. You had one in your pocket the whole time, and you just watched me suffer?”
Irene’s bottom lip quivered, and she bit onto it to keep it steady, though the tears kept falling
“I was so scared…I didn’t think it was going to be that bad. I thought…” her voice trailed off; truth be told… she wasn’t sure what she thought. She’s only seen him have an allergic reaction once, and she was a little girl. Her father took care of it quickly that time, and Irene had long forgotten about it. “I don’t know… I’m so sorry, Matt.”
“You told Dad that it was Judy who put the peanut butter in the sandwich. You framed her! Why”
Irene stared back down at her fidgeting fingers.
“It’s complicated…”
“Tell me the truth, Irene,” Matt nearly shouted. “Why would you do that to her? What did she do to deserve that? You nearly got her banished… You got a maid banished!
###Take 465
Chapter 465
Irene nodded.
“I know what I did was wrong… I’m so sorry…”
“Why did you do it? Why did you try to kill me?”
“I wasn’t trying to kill you,” Irene nearly shouted as she stood to her feet. “I promise, Matt. My intention wasn’t to kill you. It was to get rid of Judy. I wanted to frame her because I was jealous of her. I thought she was after Ethan-”
“This was because of Ethan?” Matt asked, shaking his head with disbelief written all over his face. “You hurt me because of a guy?”
Irene let out a sob; she knew this conversation was going to be hard, but she felt utterly gutted.
“I know…” she said with desperation in her tone. “I know what I did was awful. I wasn’t thinking rationally. I had gone mad… I know it. But I Matt, you’re my brother. I love you and-”
“You don’t love me… You tried to kill me!” he shouted, his face red with rage. He looked just like Gavin when he was angry, and it hurt Irene’s heart knowing that Matt’s anger was directed towards her. “Get out of my room!” Matt yelled, his eyes glowing.
Irene’s eyes grew wide… it was impossible. The glowing eyes signified that his wolf was close… possibly even surging forward. But Matt was only almost 8 years old… he wasn’t due to have his wolf for another 10 years. Nobody got their wolves this early in life… he wasn’t ready for his wolf…
Irene took a step away from him as his face started to twist, and a growl escaped his throat. The anger on Matt’s face soon turned into pure agony as the sounds of cracking bones filled the silence that stretched across the room
“Holy shit…” Irene gasped before she let out a horrified scream.
Judy’s POV
It was mid–morning when I got to the Landry Villa. It was Saturday, so I was planning on getting a morning training session with Matthew to make up for being AWOL this past week. As I walked in through the doors, Gavin was walking down the steps with his hair a mess from sleep and his pajama bottoms hanging low on his waist. He wore no shirt, so his abs were clear as day, and my jaw nearly hit the ground from the sight of him.
He paused when he saw me, and he tilted his head.
“Wasn’t expecting you this morning,” he said, though he didn’t sound displeased. “If you were planning on coming here this morning, you could have just spent the night.”
“I wanted to get some training in with Matt today,” I explained, proud that I didn’t stammer like a fool.
The corner of his lips twitched in a sly smile as he walked towards me.
“Sure you weren’t trying to catch me with my shirt off?” He teased, his tone low and sultry.
I opened my mouth to give him a sly reply in return, but then we heard Irene screaming and the sound of a growl coming from upstairs. 
Gavin’s face turned from flirty to alert in seconds. Without wasting another second, we were both running up the stairs, taking two steps at a time. We followed the sounds of the growling and Irene’s panicked screaming.
1/2
Chapter 465
+25 BONUS
It was coming from Matt’s room.
Gavin didn’t hesitate to burst through the door, only to freeze at the sight before him.
Irene ran out of the room, her face pale and filled with Pane.
“Hey, what happened?” I asked her, trying to get her to calm down. But she was only sobbing and pointing a shaky finger at Matt’s bedroom, her entire body quivering in fear.
I knew I wasn’t going to get any answers from her, so I followed after Gavin and into Matt’s room, freezing beside him as I stared down at Matt, who was growling and screaming out in agony.
“Holy fuck,” I gasped. “How is that possible?”
Gavin snapped out of his stupor for a moment and knelt to the ground beside Matt, touching his dislocated shoulder.
“Matthew breathed… It’s going to be okay. We are going to get you through this,” Gavin reassured him, though I knew he had no idea what to say or what to do. This situation had never been known to anyone before… It’s never happened.
Gavin looked up at me with almost pleading eyes, and I too snapped out of my stupor, kneeling on the ground. “Just relax, Matt. Let it happen,” I told him, remembering the words my father had once said to me. “You are shifting into your wolf… You need to let your wolf take over. Just breathe.”
2/2
###Take 466
Judy’s POV
“We have to get him outside,” Gavin said, his face twisted with concern as he stared down at Matt.
Matt was about to shift into his wolf for the first time, and he wasn’t even 8 years old yet. No wolf had ever surfaced before the age of 18, so this was something neither of us expected to ever happen… especially not to Matt. He was screaming and growling as his bones broke and snapped into a new place. The pain that was evident on his small face was heartbreaking to see.
I nodded in agreement to Gavin’s words, but moving him wasn’t going to be easy.
The first shift was always the most painful; seeing it happen to someone so young was gut–wrenching.
I helped Gavin lift Matt into his arms; Matt squirmed and screamed in agony as his snapping bones sounded in the room. As we hurried out of the room, Irene was still sobbing and covering her mouth with her hands. Something weird was happening, and I couldn’t help the nasty feeling was getting in the pit of my stomach. But I pushed it aside for right now and focused my attention on Matt.
Irene followed after us as we made our way down the stairs and towards the back door. As we reached the outside, Gavin placed Matt on the ground and stepped back. I could see the turmoil and worry on his face, his eyes never leaving Matt’s face.
“It’s going to be okay,” I said softly. “He’ll be okay…”
Gavin nodded, swallowing hard. I watched his Adam’s apple bob as he did so. Matt’s howl brought my attention back to him, and I saw fur breaking free from his delicate skin. I knew it felt like razors piercing his flesh. The wolf’s fur was sharp, and it hurt during the first shift.
Irene stood off to the side, watching in horror as her brother transformed for the first time.
It felt like an eternity had gone by before Matt was finally fully shifted.
We weren’t really sure what to say or do in that moment; we stared down at his little runt of a wolf, our jaws dropped. He looked like Gavin’s large black wolf, only significantly smaller. The anger and agony that were once in his eyes were completely taken over by shock and realization. Despite his being in his wolf form, I knew Matt was consciously still in there. He looked between Gavin and me, and once his eyes landed on Irene, he snarled at her, making her jump back.
is as
Gavin was quick to block Matt’s view of Irene, and he had a low growl in his throat as well, a warning to the small wolf to back off.
Not before long, Gavin was stripping off his clothes, making me blush wildly. He was naked for a long time, though; he shifted into his wolf form so he could communicate with Matt.
I turned to Irene, who was shaking and crying, her face buried in her hands as she sobbed.
“Irene, what happened?” I asked her, stepping away from Gavin and Matt, giving them some privacy. “How did this happen?”
“It’s all my fault,” she blurted, lifting her head up from her hands. “I opened my big stupid mouth, and it set him off… he was so pissed off, and then he started to shift. I had never seen anything like that before.”
“What exactly do you mean that it was your fault?” I asked her, pulling her over to one of the lounge chairs on the back patio. Gavin and Matt were now running towards the forest; Matt’s wolf was a bit unsteady, but he managed to keep up. He was fully distracted now and learning how to manage his wolf form, thanks to Gavin’s assistance.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 466
“I told him the truth,” she whispered. “I had to… I couldn’t live with this lie anymore. I had to tell him what I had done…”
My heart sank deep into my belly.
“You told him you were the one who poisoned him?” I asked, my voice coming out as a whisper.
Tears slipped down her cheeks as she nodded.
“Yes…” She whispered. “I couldn’t live with this lie anymore. He needed to know the truth. Oh, Judy. He hates me.”
My heart broke for her, seeing the anguish on her face… I hated it. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tightly.
“He’ll be okay, Irene,” I assured her. “Don’t blame yourself for this. He’s going to be fine. He’ll forgive you. He knows you love him…”
“No, he doesn’t,” she cried.
I looked towards the forest where Gavin and Matt had disappeared. I knew they were going to take a while, and even after they returned, I knew they had a lot to discuss. Matt’s transformation changed everything.
“How about we get out of here for a bit?” I suggest. “We could go back to the mansion and hang out for a bit.” She nodded, her eyes drifting over in the direction her father and brother had disappeared. “Yeah,” she said softly. “Maybe that’s a good idea.”
Beta Taylor was able to drive us back to the mansion within 30 minutes. The further we got from the villa, the more Irene seemed to relax in her seat. She seemed jumpy and on edge, and I felt for her.
Chapter 467
###Take 467
Chapter 467
+25 BONUS
As we pulled up to the mansion, I frowned when I saw an unfamiliar car parked out front.
“Were you expecting someone?” Irene asked, also noticing the car.
“No, I don’t think so,” I murmur as I take off my seatbelt and slide out of the car.
We walked to the front door and pushed it open; I immediately heard voices coming from the living room and something that sounded like laughter. I’furrowed my brows and glanced behind me at Irene, who looked equally confused.
We made our way through the front foyer and towards the living room. Once we were through the door, I completely froze.
I wasn’t expecting to see the people sitting on the couch, and apparently neither did Irene because she sucked in a sharp breath.
“Tabby?” I asked, my tone filled with disbelief. To her side, I saw that both Chuck and Sherry were also seated on the couch.
My jaw was practically on the ground.
Sammy sat curled up on one of the love seats, a smile lighting up her face as she talked their ears off about her experiences here since she arrived.
Chuck and Sherry were only half listening.
“What are you doing here?” I asked as Tabby walked towards me and draped me in a tight hug.
I hugged her back without hesitation.
“We wanted to come visit you,” she told me. “I told you, Chuck, Sherry, and I are from the same pack, right? We weren’t very close growing up, but since the competition, we got closer, and we decided we missed you and wanted to see what the Silver Crescent pack was all about. So, here we are.”
“How long are you going to be staying for?” I asked, pulling myself out of her arms. “If I had known, I would have been here to greet you. I would have had the maids make up the guest rooms.”
“Already on it,” Sammy said with a bright smile. “Some of the other maids already got their rooms prepared. They are all settled in. They got here a couple of hours ago, so we had plenty of time for all of that.”
I was grateful to her for that, despite my dwindling trust.
Tabby had a plastered smile on her face as she looked at Sammy, something that piqued my interest.
“And I’m glad that you did. Thank you, Sammy,” Tabby said, her clutch on my arm tightening.
“You remember Irene, don’t you?” I asked, motioning for Irene to step further into the room. Her eyes were darting between Chuck and Sherry and then to me, with a slight blush on her cheeks. 2
At the sound of Irene’s name, Chuck tensed and turned to look at her; his eyes lingering for a beat longer than necessary. I raised my brows at Irene, but she did what she could to avoid my gaze.
“Yes, of course,” Tabby said, releasing me for a moment to give Irene a quick hug. “Landry, right?”
“Yes,” Irene said softly, a bit too softly for the Irene I knew
Chuck was quick to stand on his feet, his hand going behind his neck.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 467
“It’s good to see you again, Irene,” he said, giving her a small smile.
Her cheeks blushed even more, and she nibbled her lower lip, nodding slightly at him.
“Can I talk to you for a minute?” Tabby whispered by my side. “Privately?”
I nodded, wondering what had been clearly bothering her.
She pulled me alongside her until we were in the next room Once alone, Tabby let out a breath and looked almost relieved.
“We lied; we didn’t come here to just visit you. We came here to warn you,” she said, turning to face me.
“Not sure if I should be hurt or not,” I admitted, my brows raising.
“I didn’t mean it like that; of course, we wanted to see you. Well, at least I did. I missed you terribly,” she told me, hugging me tightly. “Chuck just mainly wanted to see Irene, and Sherry was making sure we stayed on task. But it’s important…”
“Okay, so, what’s going on?”
“It’s about Sammy… she’s been lying to everyone, and we are still trying to figure out what her game plan is… but she’s been in contact with all of Alpha Landry’s enemies… like tight contact.”
My heart dropped into my stomach; I knew she was up to something.
“How do you know this?”
“I thought she was strange when we hung out with her… always with the secret phone calls. Disappearing randomly. After the competition, I had a bit of time to look into it. I requested Sherry’s help as well, and we dug deep. Most of Sammy’s home life has been wiped out. Like someone is trying to keep her life a secret or something
.but that’s not the weirdest thing.”
“It gets weirder?” I asked, my brows furrowed.
She nodded.
After a beat of silence, she says, “That boyfriend she kept talking about… I found out he doesn’t exist!” t
###Take 468
Chapter 468
Gavin’s POV
By the time we returned to the villa, the sun was already setting. We had been running and hunting in wolf form for the last several hours. Judy’s scent had faded long ago, so I knew she had left already. Matt was trailing behind me as we broke through the clearing; being in wolf form, I was able to speak with him through the mindlink. It was a lot easier considering we share the same blood,
At first, he was rattled about his first shift; the pain of the shift disappeared pretty quickly once he reached his full wolf form.
I slowed my pace and shifted by the large oak tree where I keep extra clothes. I wasn’t sure where Judy put the clothes I took off earlier, and I wasn’t about to walk around looking for them. One of the shirts in the chest was big enough to fit over Matt’s small frame once he managed to shift back into human form.
He watched me curiously for a long while in wolf form as I shifted and quickly changed into the extra clothes. I then turned to him, expecting him to shift too, but when he didn’t, I realized he didn’t know how to. This kind of thing needed to be trained; it wasn’t something that came naturally. Especially during a shift that wasn’t expected, like this one.
I knelt to the ground, reaching my hand out for him to sniff His wolf sees me as someone to respect because I am a powerful Lycan and his Alpha.
“Command your wolf, Matthew. Tell him to relinquish control and shift,” I told him, keeping my voice low and firm as I looked into his wolf’s eyes.
He continued to stare at me, and I could see the struggle in his eyes as he attempted to force his shift. With an exhausted huff, he lay on the ground, bowing his head in defeat.
“We are Landry’s,” I reminded him firmly. “We do not quit. I need you to shift back into your wolf form, Matthew.”
I put my hand on his wolf’s back, digging my fingers into his thick fur. I tried to channel my Lycan powers and force the shift, or at least urge his wolf to relent.
“Shift,” I commanded.
Listening to my command, his wolf whimpered as he struggled against my Lycan hold. He bowed his head again, only this time it was because of admission. I watched as the wolf’s bones started to crack and break, the fur started to slide back into his body, leaving nothing but raw and exposed skin, still healing from the first shift. The first shift was never a pretty process; the shift back wasn’t much easier. Our bodies are reformed and each of our bones are broken and put back together; fur rips through out skin and then gets sucked back in. A wolf is being trained to listen and respect their human when all they really wants is to be set free and run wild, just like wild rogues.
Though typically we are of age and can handle such a traumatic change to our bodies. We are aware of what’s about to happen and we have resources available to aid us during the shift. But with Matthew, he was underage and unprepared. It was more brutal for him than it’s ever been for anyone else.
I hated seeing that this was happening to him, and I still wasn’t sure what triggered it. But I knew I needed to get lum to the pack doctor immediately.
The second Matt’s human body was shifted, and he passed out from the pain and adrenaline that came crashing down around him.
I quickly put a long shirt on him, covering his naked body, before I lifted him into my arms. His skin was red and patchy from where his fur had broken through, and his heartbeat was rapid.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 468
I didn’t bother bringing him to the car and driving; I took off on foot. At this point, I was faster on foot than I would be in a car. I ran as fast as I could, which was pretty fast.
Thankfully, the clinic wasn’t far from the villa. I was immediately greeted by the receptionist, but as soon as she saw Matt lying limp in my arms, she had Dr. Pierce on the phone, telling him there was an emergency.
Soon, Matt was rushed into the doctor’s office for a checkup. I stayed by his side the entire time as the nurses poked and prodded him, hooking him up to various machines, drawing blood, taking his vitals, putting in an IV.
###Take 469
Chapter 469
+25 BONUS
Chapter 469
Matt was out cold, completely oblivious of anything that was happening.
It didn’t take long for the doctor to walk in and take over for the nurses.
“Alpha, I came as soon as I heard,” Dr. Eliza Pierce, Taylor’s mate, walked into the room with a worried expression on her face. “Is it true that he shifted into his wolf form? I was just talking to Taylor about it.”
I had updated Taylor on our way to the clinic through a mindlink. He had already heard something about it when he took Judy home, though, so he was vaguely aware of the situation.
“Yes,” I replied, my eyes glued to Matt’s red and sweaty face. “It took a lot out of him.”
She nodded as she checked his heartbeat and started to draw more blood for testing.
“I’ve never had anything like that happen before,” she said in awe. “A shift at only 8 years old, Have you ever heard of such a thing?”
“No,” I told her truthfully. “It’s never happened before.”
She nodded as she did a bit more testing and wrote information down in her notebook. She adjusted the IV and put a warm and damp cloth over his forehead to lower his fever.
“He just needs some fluids and to rest. The first shift took a lot out of him. I’ll get him some medicine that can help with the healing process because if he were awake, he’d be in a lot of pain. This is kind of his body’s way of protecting itself,” she explained. “But he’ll be okay.”
I was too frozen to say much. I waited until she gave him the medication, and then she jotted a few more things in medication, and then she jotted a few more things in her notebook before leaving.
I leaned back in my seat, staring at Matt for a long time. It was late in the evening, and I thought about calling Judy to update her… but just as I swiped across my phone and saw her name, I stopped myself.
Judy wasn’t his mother. She wasn’t my wife… she wasn’t even my girlfriend. There was no reason to update her on anything. Then again, she was there when it happened… maybe she would want to know…
I sat there for a long while, contemplating whether or not to call her. But before I could fully decide, there was a knock on the door, and before it opened.
I was surprised when Judy walked in, her face twisted with worry, and it was clear she’d been crying. My brows furrowed; Taylor must have told her that I was here… but my question was, why was she crying?
When she saw me staring at her across the room, she quickly made her way towards me, her arms wrapping around her body like she was trying to keep herself together
“Why didn’t you tell me he was here?” She asked in a whisper, not wanting to wake Matt, no doubt. “Is he okay?” “He’ll be fine,” I told her, my eyes remaining on hers. “What are you doing here?”
“Did you not think I’d want to be here?” She asked, stopping only inches from me. “Of course I’d want to be here for him, Gavin. How could you not tell me he was in the clinic like this?”
Tears filled her eyes, and for a second, I felt guilty.
Without much thought, I wrapped her in my arms, pulling her into my chest. She sucked in a sharp breath at the sudden movement, but after a second, she melted in my embrace, wrapping her own arms around my waist, burying her face in my chest.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 469.
“I didn’t want to bother you with this,” I admit, my lips brushing across her hairline. “I should have called.”
She nodded as tears soaked my shirt.
“Yes, you should have.”
I furrowed my brows again; her reaction was odd.
“This isn’t just about Matt being in the clinic. What else happened? What’s wrong?” I asked her.
She was quiet for a moment, and I honestly didn’t think she was going to respond, but then she pulled back and looked up at me through her tear–streaked face.
“So much has happened,” she whispered; her eyes were uncertain, and it pulled at my heart, I felt I wasn’t used to. “I think Sammy is somehow working against me and my family… I think she’s working with Ethan.”
###Take 470
Chapter 470 
Judy’s POV
“What do you mean she’s working against your family? I know she’s been talking to Ethan behind your back, but does that mean she’s working with him?” Gavin asked, his voice being reasonable.
When Nan sent me that photo of Ethan and Sammy talking in the coffee shop, I showed it to Gavín around that same time.
“Tabby and some of the others are back at the mansion,” I explained. “They came here to tell me that they suspect Sammy is some kind of spy.”
“That’s a serious accusation,” he said, his tone darkening as his brows furrowed. He studied my face for a long while, trying to detect a hint of deception.
“Since she’s been here, I’ve noticed that Sammy has been acting strangely. Secret phone calls, disappearing at all hours, sketchy behavior…”
“What kind of sketchy behavior?”
I nibbled on my lower lip.
“I caught her snooping through my things the other night,” I told him. “Things like that…”
His eyes darkened at my words, and I could tell he was not only pondering this information but trying hard to control himself.
“I was so busy with the competition that I didn’t notice those things a few weeks ago,” I continued. “But Tabby had noticed. Her, Sherry, and Chuck are from the same pack, and they’ve grown closer since the competition. She’s been confiding in Sherry about Sammy’s strange behavior, and because Sherry works as an investigator for the pack, she agreed to help Tabby look more into it once the competition ended.”
Gavin listened, nodding along with each word I said, his eyes growing darker by the second. He didn’t like what he was hearing so far.
“Why is this being brought to my attention just now?” Gavin asked, his eyes searching mine.
“Because I’m just finding out about it now,” I told him honestly. “Tabby hadn’t mentioned any of this to me until today. It’s why she’s here. They agreed to look more into Sammy after the competition, and they were true to their word. They looked more into her.”
“And what did they find out? That she’s a spy?” Gavin asked.
I shook my head.
“It’s a suspicion, and because she’s having secret meetings with Ethan, I think she’s one of his spies. I think he’s trying to get my family into trouble again… make me dependent on him or something. Using someone I thought was my friend to do that…” My voice cracked when I spoke that last sentence, tears welling in my eyes.
“You don’t know that for sure, though?” Gavin asked, his hands coming up to my face; his thumb gently brushed across my cheekbone. Though his eyes were still dark and searching my face for answers, I could also see the worry and compassion in them, causing my heart to skip a beat.
“That’s the thing… nobody really knows anything,” I admit to him. “Her home life… family, pack… friends… they couldn’t find a thing on her. It’s like all her personal information on the internet was wiped… deliberately.”
Gavin was quiet as he processed that information; his thumb absentmindedly stroking my upper cheeks, sending a wave of tingling throughout my entire body. Goosebumps stood tall on my flesh, and for the first time since
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 470
seeing that photo of Ethan and Sammy together, my wolf was completely at ease. It was a strange effect that Gavin had on my wolf, but I’ll take it over her being anxious and hurt any day.
I hated that Ethan still affected her so much; I was glad that the pain of him being intimate with others no longer hurt her… but that didn’t mean being near him or seeing inges of him was easy.
Thinking that Sammy and Ethan were in cahoots together really scrambled her, but being back in Gavin’s presence, having his attention on us and his arms around me, feeling his touch and warmth… it settled her in a way that I couldn’t describe.
“Did they find out anything?” Gavin finally asked after a beat of silence. “Something useful?”
“When I met Sammy at the airport on our way to the competition, she mentioned that her boyfriend was competing, and she was going to support him. He was in a different group from me, so I never got to meet him. I was so focused on competing that I never noticed any strange behavior. But Tabby and Sherry found out that he didn’t exist. She never had a boyfriend there. She was there for something else, and I don’t think it was a coincidence that Ethan was also there, and now Sammy is here. I think she’s working for him, Gavin…”
“Okay, calm down,” Gavin said when he detected the panic in my voice. His voice was oddly calming, and his gaze softened. “Whatever she is after, I’m not going to let it happen. I need you to trust me; can you do that?”
I nodded without hesitation.
“Yes, of course,” I whispered. “I trust you.”
“” 
A small smile tipped the corner of his lips, the tough and dangerous fa?ade fading only slightly before it was snapped back into place.
He released his hold on my face, making me feel cold for a moment. He grabbed his phone and swiped across the screen before putting the phone to his ear.
###Take 471
Chapter 471
“I need you to look into Samantha, the maid in the mansion,” he said into the phone; I assumed he was speaking to Beta Taylor. “I want a full report on everything she does. In the meantime, I’m having Judy stay in the villa, so go there and pack some of her things to bring to the Villa.”
My heart skipped a beat at his words.
“Tabby, Chuck, and Sherry are also at the mansion,” I told him.
He nodded as he waited for confirmation on the other end.
“She has some friends at the mansion as well. Bring them to the villa and get them settled into the guest rooms,” he continued. After a beat of silence on his end he said, “Perfect. Talk soon.”
He hung up the phone and shoved it back into his pocket.
I let out a breath I hadn’t known I was holding.
“It’s being taken care of,” Gavin assured me. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll have some of my gammas keeping guard of your family home as well to make sure no danger comes to them. Consider the Montague family under Landry protection.”
“Really?” I asked, my heart racing in my chest. “You’d protect my family?”
He met my eyes, and for a moment, I thought he was about to say something, but he only nodded.
“Dad?” A soft voice said from the hospital bed, bringing our attention to Matt.
His eyes were open, and he looked so weak and small in the hospital bed.
Gavin went to his bedside.
“Hey, buddy,” Gavin said, touching his face gently. “It’s okay, I’m here.”
“Where am I?” He asked, squinting his eyes.
“In the pack clinic. You’re safe,” Gavin assured him. “How are you feeling?”
“I’m okay,” he said softly. He looked down at his body curiously. “I had the craziest dream though…”
“A dream?” Gavin asked, his brows raised. “What kind of dream?”
“I don’t know… I had a dream that I shifted, and we were running around in wolf form. But that’s not possible, right?”
Gavin fell silent as he stared at Matt, and I wondered what it was that he was thinking about. I stayed back, letting them have their moment. I knew there was a lot they needed to talk about. I thought about leaving the room, but the second I started to pass the bed, Gavin shot me a look that told me to stay without him actually saying the words, so I stayed rooted to my spot.
“Matthew, that wasn’t a dream,” Gavin said softly. “You did shift. And you are right, that shouldn’t be possible. But it somehow happened, and we are still trying to figure out how.”
Matt’s eyes grew large.
“I turned into a wolf?” Matt asked, his voice hoarse. “A…are you sure?”
Gavin nodded.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 471
“Yes,” he replied.
“How?” Matt asked, his brows furrowed. He finally noticed me standing in the distance. “Judy?”
I smiled at him.
“Hey,” I said to him, keeping my tone low.
“Did you see me turning too?” He asked.
I bit my lower lip, and then I nodded.
“It’s true, Matt,” I confirmed. “You shifted into a wolf.”
Matt let out a breath as he pulled his eyes from mine and stared at the ceiling. He closed his eyes for the brightest moment, his small chest rising and falling and then soon his eyes were opening, and he sucked in a sharp breath.
“I can feel it… my wolf… he’s still inside me,” Matt said, touching his chest. “I can feel him. Like he’s a part of me.”
“He is a part of you,” Gavin confirmed. “Right now, he’s a bit wild, and it will take some time for you to work with him and learn to live with him, but we will train, and over time, it’ll get better.”
Before Matt could respond, Eliza Pierce came into the room. She smiled when she saw that Matt was awake.
“I thought I heard your voice,” she said as she strolled over to the bedside. “How are you feeling, Matt?”
“Confused…” Matt admitted, knowing that’s not what she was talking about.
Eliza nodded.
“That is to be expected. Your body had been through something traumatic,” she told him gently. “We’ve been trying to figure out how it’s possible for you to shift at such a young age, and I was hoping you’d be able to shed some light on the matter.”
Matt shook his head.
“How am I to know? I have no idea how I shifted…” Matt told her.
She nodded thoughtfully.
“Right, but can you tell me what happened just before your first shift? I’m almost thinking something your wor and that’s what caused your shift.”
Gavin snapped a look at her.
“You think something triggered him?”
I knew what triggered him, but I wanted him to be the one to tell the story.
He thought about it for a moment, thinking about the leading events that caused him to shift, and then suddenly his eyes grew wide, and his body tensed.
“Matthew?” Gavin asked after a while, about Matt not saying anything. “What is it?”
Matt looked up at Gavin, his eyes a whirlwind of confusion.
“Dad… did… did Irene try to kill me?”
###Take 472
Chapter 472 
Judy’s POV
“What?” Gavin asked, his eyes dark and brewing as he stared down at Matt. “What are you talking about?”
“She told me it was she who put the peanut butter in my sandwich…” Matt murmured. “She tried to kill me and everybody knew
about it… right?”
My heart shattered at his accusatory words. Of course, I had suspicions that it was Irene, but it wasn’t something I would ever
share with Matt. It wasn’t my place to tell him anything. He was only a little boy, and I knew that kind of information would be
devasting for him. I didn’t want to break his heart. As far as he knew, it was a maid who tried to hurt him… nothing more. But now
he knew the truth; Irene couldn’t live with the fact that she nearly killed Matt.
“Irene told you this?” Gavin asked, his tone hardening.
Matt nodded, tears welling up in his eyes.
“Why would she try to do that, and why would you keep it from me?” Matt asked him before he turned his attention to me. “Did
you know too?”
When I failed to respond right away, I saw the flash of hurt in his eyes. My silence was speaking volumes. Matt now knew the
truth, and it was so triggering to him that it pushed him over the edge and caused his first shift. I hated that he was so hurt… I
hated that this was happening.
“I’m so sorry, Matt,” I told him, tears filling my own eyes. “I didn’t want you to find out because I didn’t want you to get hurt. I
didn’t want you to see your sister differently.”
“She’s not my sister,” Matt muttered, folding his arms across his chest. I saw the anguish and hurt in his eyes, and it took
everything I had not to go to him.
“We know you’re angry right now,” Gavin said to him, his voice surprisingly calm. “You need to take some time to cool off before
you see Irene again.”
“I don’t ever want to see her again,” Matt said through his teeth, his eyes glowing yellow as his wolf surged forward.
“Calm down,” Gavin ordered Matt’s wolf, trying to gain control of the situation. “You are not going to shift here.”
Matt took a few deep breaths and I could see that his wolf was stirring, but then it settled upon Gavin’s command and his eyes
returned to normal, leaving Matt looking disheveled.
“What’s happening to me?” Matt whispered, his eyes watering.
Gavin put a hand on his shoulder and gave Matt a reassuring smile.
“You are going through something that no other 8–year–old has ever gone through,” Gavin told him. “It’s going to take some getting used to, but you aren’t alone, and trust me when I say that you are protected. No matter what has happened with Irene,
1/3
Chapter 472
just know nobody is going to hurt you like that again. I won’t let it happen.‘
+20 Bonus
There was an underlying meaning to his words and an intensity that wasn’t there before. I wondered what it was; I wanted to
know what was in his head.
Matt nodded, his eyes showing how exhausted he was.
“You should get some sleep,” Gavin told him, running his hands through Matt’s mess of hair, a very fatherly affection that took
me off guard. Gavin wasn’t the affectionate type, especially with Matt and Irene, so it was a nice change.
“Okay,” Matt said softly.
“I can give you something to help you rest,” Eliza said, looking up from her clipboard. I had completely forgotten she was there,
and her voice startled me for a second.
‘Matt nodded as Gavin tucked him in bed, making sure he was comfortable.
Once Eliza gave him the medication, she turned to Gavin.
“Can we have a word in the hallway?” She asked him.
He nodded, and then his eyes found mine.
“Can you stay here with him for a minute?” He asked, his eyes showing a hint of vulnerability that tugged at my heart.
“Of course,” I answered.
He gave me a grateful look before retreating to the room behind Eliza.
I looked at Matt, who was watching me curiously; his eyes were even more tired since the medication was starting to kick in, but
something was hanging onto him, keeping him awake.
“You really should try to sleep,” I told him, sitting at the edge of his bed. “You’ve been through a lot today, and you need as much
rest as possible.”
“Do you think my wolf will ever forgive her?” Matt whispered, his eyes searching mine. “He’s so mad… I can feel it. He submitted
because an Alpha told him to… but he wants to kill her, Judy. He hates her for what she did…”
limited offer: Top up now to get 5% more bonus 
###Take 473
Chapter 473
I gave him a sad smile. 
“I think over time he will learn to forgive her,” I told him honestly. “It’s not something to rush, though. You just found out
something devastating, and it’s going to take time. You need to sit with it for the time being, but also remember that there are
people who love you and will always be there to protect you.”
He was quiet for a long while, and then he sighed.
“You know what’s funny?” He said, his eyes looking away from me for a moment before looking back at me. “I’m mainly just
angry because she tried to frame you…”
My heart pinged at his words.
“You are?” I asked.
He nodded.
“You’re the best thing that ever happened to this family, Judy. Because of you… I’m better at combat and defense… I’m better at
school… I’m making my dad proud, and he’s home a lot more. He smiles and is happy. It’s like we are a real family.
“You’ve always been a real family, Matt,” I told him.
He shook his head.
”
“It was never like that before. Before, my dad was never home… he never smiled. He treated us like we were his employees. But
now that’s all changed, and it’s because of you…” He told me. “So, the thought of Irene almost ruining that…”
He closed his eyes as his emotions started to get the best of him. It helped that the sleep medication was relaxing him and making
him sleepy, but I could tell his wolf was on edge at the very thought.
“It makes me and my wolf angry,” he whispered.
I put my hand on top of Matt’s and gave him a reassuring smile.
“No matter what happens, no matter what has happened or what would have happened, nothing would ever change between us,
Matt. I would find a way to stay in your life. I’ve grown to adore your family. You can’t get rid of me that easily.”
He was quiet for a moment as he processed my words.
“Can I ask you something?” He asked, his eyes finding mine.
“Of course, you can ask me anything,” I told him.
He let out a yawn, and I knew it wouldn’t be long before sleep overtook him.
“Do you love my father?”
1/3
Chapter 473
+20 Bonus
My heart hammered in my chest at lightning speed. I glanced at the small window next to the door that looked out into the hallway, and I saw Gavin having a serious conversation with Eliza. His body was tense as he listened to everything she was saying. Despite the tension, I couldn’t help but notice how amazing he looked. There was never a bad moment when it came to his looks,
and I couldn’t help but bite my lower lip as I sized him up and down. But it was more than that; these last couple of weeks had
shown me that Gavin does have good intentions. That date we went on… how he stood up for me during that dinner party at his
mother’s house… all the time we’ve been intimate with one another; even how he calms my wolf without even trying.
There were so many emotions that have been bubbling up throughout these last few weeks but with Matt’s heavy question
weighing on my shoulders, I wondered if the feelings that are bubbling consist of love.
Matt’s eyes were now closed; he was asleep before he could hear my answer and a part of me felt bad. I wondered if He was going
to remember that question when he woke up next.
Gavin stepped into the room after his conversation with Eliza, and his expression softened when he saw Matt sleeping.
“Thank you,” he told me softly as he reached his hand over to me to take. I took his hand without hesitation, our palms and
fingers fitting perfectly against one another, and a spark of electricity coursed through my body, making goosebumps stand tall
on my arms.
I met his gaze, my cheeks flushing as Matt’s question sat between us, visible to me, but invisible to Gavin.
“Of course,” I said… my tone came out breathier than I meant it to.
After a moment of studying my face, a small smile formed on his handsome face.
“Ready to go?” He asked. “I wanted to be alone with you for a bit tonight.”
My cheeks flushed at his words, and I nodded, letting me pull me towards the door. He kept his hand in mine as he walked backwards, a smirk on his lips, before he turned and walked forward.
Back to Matt’s question… did I love his father?
The answer was simple…
Yes. 
###Take 474
Chapter 474 
“Judy’s friends are settled in the villa,” Taylor said as soon as we got back to the villa. He was standing at the entrance with the
butler, Alex.
My hand was still tucked in Judys, a slight blush on her cheeks that did something to my insides.
“Great,” I said. “You can proceed on that other task I asked of you.” My eyes found his, so he could see the meaning behind my
gaze. He nodded, understanding immediately before he left the villa.
I ordered him earlier to find out any and all information he can on Samanatha. With all the information that Judy had told me, I
knew there was something more to it than just her working for Ethan. I had a strange feeling in the pit of my stomach that there
was something much more to this story that not even Judy was aware of. I also added a secret mission for him to find information
on Ethan and figure out what he’s up to because I knew he was up to something diabolical.
It was late in the evening, I knew most everybody in the villa would be asleep. I pulled Judy along with me as I made my way up
the stairs and towards my bedroom. All I could think about on the drive home was getting her out of her clothes and ravishing her gorgeous body. My cock was twitching at the very thought of having her.
With everything that has happened these last few days, I needed a release. I needed to feel relaxed and at ease, and for some reason, Judy’s body does just that to me. I knew she could use a distraction as well, the way she was looking at me earlier. I caught her gaze while I was talking to Eliza, and I could see the slight blush on her cheeks and the way her hooded eyes started to fill with
a desire that I could only classify as pure lust. I knew I needed to get her out of there right away. Despite the words that Eliza was
telling me at that moment.
“I think you should keep Irene away from Matt for the time being. I don’t think it’s in his best interest for her to be around.”
“She’s my daughter,” I told Irene, trying to keep my tone low, though my posture was straight. “How do you expect I keep them
apart?”
“I don’t know, but if you let him near her, there’s a chance his wolf could snap and kill her before you could command him not
to,” she warned him. “Is that a chance you really want to take?”
Her words kept replaying in my head.
Between that and the fact that my sister wanted to get to know her son, my head was a mess, and I needed this time alone with
Judy more than she would ever know.
I kicked the door shut behind me as soon as she was inside the bedroom.
I turned her around to face me, her cheeks flushed, and her lips parted as she peeked up at me through her long, dark lashes. I didn’t give her a chance to say anything; I lowered myself to her and captured her lips with mine. My tongue immediately slid into her mouth, tasting and taking what I wanted from her. She was hesitant only for a second, probably shocked by my advance,
+30 Bonus
before she wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling herself close to my body. Her frame fit almost too perfectly against mine;
my arms draped firmly around her curvy waist, my fingers digging into her hips and leaving my mark on her flesh. My wolf stirred happily knowing that fact, and it was a feeling that I pushed away as soon as it came into my head.
Her lips moved easily against mine; her soft and wet tongue twirled around mine, keeping me hooked to her and captive in a trance of lust and desire.
Her fingers tingled in my hair as she pulled herself flesh against me, breathing me in. Our breaths intermingling and becoming one as we continued to kiss one another with a hunger that neither of us could understand.
“I need you out of these clothes,” I whispered against her lips, not wanting to break the contact we had developed between us,
She pulled me with her towards the bed, I walked forward as she walked backwards, our lips never leaving one another’s. Once the back of her legs hit the bed, she lowered herself down and climbed on top of her, fitting my body to protectively shield hers and fit against hers like a puzzle piece.
I broke our kiss only for a moment so I could take off my shirt, throwing it onto the ground. Already dark eyes darkened even more when she gazed at my toned body. Her lips were swollen from our passionate kiss, and her chest was rising and falling rapidly as she fought to catch her breath.
She ran her fingers down my abs, making me subconsciously flex and make them even harder.
She licked her lips as she gazed back up at me and gave her a sly smile as he lowered myself back to her lips and kissed her as if my life depended on it.
She let out a soft moan as the kiss felt electric between the two of us. She wrapped herself around me once again, her hands finding my ripped torso as mine tangled in her hair, keeping her in place as I deepened the kiss. My tongue eagerly explored her, tasting everything she had to off
###Take 475
Chapter 475 
finally broke my kiss from her mouth and started to trail down the nape of her neck. I nibbled on her ear, kissed the sensitive
spot just below the back of her ear, the one that makes her shudder with pleasure and goosebumps form on her arms and legs.
My hands moved to her hair and to the buttons on her blouse. She was wearing a button–down, which made it easier for me to
remove it without having to stop ravishing her body with my lips.
As her chest became revealed to me, and her silk black bra was showing, my hunger only grew more.
I kissed her cleavage, taking both breasts through her bra with my hands, squealing and teasing. She arched her back and took in
a deep breath as I continued to ravish her, pulling her bra down and revealing her naked breasts
God, she had the best pair of breasts. Perfectly shaped and her pink nipples were already hard, begging for me to suck on them. I
didn’t let them wait for long, she gasped when she felt my tongue twirling around one of them and my teeth grazing it a moment
later. I tugged it into my mouth, making it pebble even more in my mouth.
After I showed the other breast equal attention, I moved my attention down her body, kissing her torso, giving extra attention to
the sensitive spot just beneath her belly button. As I moved further down, I tugged her pants off in the process, leaving her in her
black panties. The scent of her desires was mouth–watering. I knew without even touching hr that she was wet and it was driving
my wolf and me crazy
1 hooked my fingers beneath her panties and tugged them down her slender legs. She helped by kicking them off once they were
around her ankles.
I kissed her inner thighs, my hands moving closer to her center. Which my fingers grazed her slit, I let out a shuddering breath.
“Fuck baby, you’re soaked,” I murmured as I continued to kiss her thighs.
Her toes were already curling in anticipation before I drove in, nose deep. I licked up her slit, sucking clit into my mouth until it
was throbbing in my mouth. Her breathy inoans came out of her lips, spurring me on. I gripped her thighs tightly, spreading
them apart as I tasted her juices, paying extra attention to her cluster of sensitive nerves.
She ran her fingers through my hair, holding onto my head like it was lifeline as my name was whispered from her lips.
I loved the effect I had on her body; I loved that she was grinding on my face, trying to obtain that friction she needed for release.
I stuck a couple of fingers inside of her, pumping them as I continued to ravish her clit. When I felt her breathing quickening in
pace, I quickened my pace with my fingers and tongue.
She let out a shuddering groan as I pushed her over the edge, her orgasm coming in waves, and I lapped up every single ounce of
the juice she released.
Once she got through the orgasm and she was shuddering with after socks of pleasure, I kissed her clit one last time before
making my way back up her body.
She pulled me down to her mouth and she hungrily kissed me, tasting herself on my tongue and seemingly loving the taste.
Her hands ran down my body until they reached the waistband of my pants. I smirked against her lips as I helped her undo my pants and pulled them, along with my boxers, down my legs. I kicked them to the ground, letting my large erection fly free. She wrapped her delicate hand around my shaft and stroked me as I kissed her deeply. I broke the kiss only for a moment to groan against her lips from the friction and the intensity of what she was making me feel.
“I want you,” she whispered. “All of you.”
I closed my eyes and pressed my forehead against hers.
“You have me,” I replied in a raspy whisper.
Without much more thought, I slowly slid inside of her, making us both gasp. It was a perfect fit; she was molded and created to fit my cock. Once again, I captured her lips with mine, our tongues twirling around with one another as I picked up the pace, slamming myself in and out of her. Our moans filled the air as she wrapped herself around me, trying to get even closer as I tried to get even deeper.
It didn’t take long before we were both at the edge. I quickened my pace, determined to push her before I followed suit. Her body melted and molded against mine as she came undone, her moan filling the air around us.
I followed her lead and tumbled over the
edge as well, my orgasm hitting me like a freight train
“Fuck,” I whispered, my head pressing against hers. “That was incredible.”
I slid out of her and lay beside her, pulling her into my arms. She kissed my chest as she snuggled against me.
I could feel her breathing evening out; my eyes were growing heavy as well. I felt sleep overtaking me, but just as it took over completely, a small voice in my head growled, “Mine…”
###Take 476
Chapter 476
Judy’s POV
+15 Bonus
I slept better than I had in a long time. I was fully satisfied both emotionally and sexually. As the sun cast its morning rays
through the window, causing a subdued light in the room, I stretched out my body and yawned tiredly. Gavin’s arms tightened
around me from behind, pulling me closer against him, my back to his front. He buried his face in the crook of my neck and
landed a gentle kiss, which caused tingling throughout my entire body, on my shoulder blade.
“We can’t stay in bed all day, you know,” I teased, making no effort to pull out of his arms. I felt his lips lifting as he smirked,
which in return, made me smile.
“I’m the Alpha, I can do whatever the fuck I want,” he murmured, holding me even tighter.
I chuckled.
“Well, in that case…” I said as I turned my head, brushing my lips against his. He let out a sigh as our kiss deepened, his tongue brushing across mine. Our lips moved in sync, melding together like two missing puzzle pieces that fit perfectly. He brushed his fingers against the nape of my neck, making me shudder as I melted against him.
My phone went off, interrupting our moment and making me groan. He smiled against my lips as he pulled back, looking at me
with his dark and lust–filled eyes.
I reached over to the nightstand and grabbed my phone off the charger.
It was a group message from my professor; I only had one class this afternoon, and typically she only texted when she was canceling class or had something important to inform us about our assignments.
I swiped my finger across the screen and brought up the chat.
Professor Rivers: Good morning, class; sorry for the early morning text. Due to a personal problem, I’m afraid I’ll need to cancel class for today. You can find your assignments in our class section on the student website. Text or email if you have any questions. Other than that, I will see you on Friday during our scheduled class.
“Is everything okay?” Gavin asked, watching me as I read the text.
I nodded and closed the message app on my phone.
“Yeah, Professor Rivers canceled class today,” I told him. “Her class was the only one I had today.”
He smirked and wrapped me back in his arms, pulling me against his chest as he lay back down on the bed.
“So, what you’re saying is your schedule has freed up today?” He asked, nuzzling his face in my neck. This was a side of Gavin
that I could get used to.. 
“Yes, that’s exactly what I’m saying,” I tell him.
1/3
Chapter 476
+15 Bonus
“Perfect,” he whispered against my ear as he nibbled on my earlobe. I shivered from his nearness, loving how close he was to me and how affectionate he was being this morning. “Because I don’t have plans on letting you out of this bed anytime soon.”
He captured my lips with his, his tongue slowly finding its place in my mouth, claiming me in any way that he can. I breathed him in, his scent consuming me. Our lips moved effortlessly with each other, and I let out a shuddering breath as he broke the kiss to
press his forehead against mine.
“I could kiss you all day,” he whispered, our breaths intermingling.
“Me too,” I whispered.
He smiled as he gently kissed my lips again.
“Don’t you have responsibilities today?” I asked him. “It’s the middle of the week.”
“Yeah, but they can wait,” he murmured against my lips. “We’ll go see Matt later and hopefully bring him home. I think he’s
going to need you today. He trusts you.”
I nodded.
“Of course. I’ll do what I can to help him,” I told him.
He smiled, and it seemed so genuine that my heart melted in my chest. He reached up and tucked a strand of fallen hair behind
my ear before kissing me on the forehead.
“Perfect,” I heard him whisper. “You’re absolutely perfect.”
Later in the day, I went with Gavin to the pack clinic to see Matt. It took us a while to finally pry ourselves out of bed. Once we did, we took a shower together, making out the entire time. By the time we were finished, I was flushed in the cheeks, and my heart
rate was going a million miles per hour.
Matt was sitting up in bed, talking to Doctor Eliza Pierce, when we entered. His face brightened when he saw us together, a small
smile on his face.
“You came back,” he said happily as I approached his bed.
I smiled at him as I rubbed my fingers through his brown, shaggy hair.
###Take 477
Chapter 477 
+15 Bonus
“Did you think I wouldn’t?” I asked him.
He shrugged his shoulders.
“I knew Dad would come back, but I didn’t think you would take,” he admitted. “But I’m glad you’re here. Doctor Pierce said I
can leave later today because my vitals are good.”
Eliza nodded, a fond look in her eyes.
“It’s true. He seems to be a lot better after getting a full night of rest. His wolf is very strong and will need a strong Alpha to train
him. It’s a good thing his father is the strongest Alpha in the world.”
“Is there anything else we need to know?” Gavin asked; my ears perked when he said the word “we.” Was he talking about me
and him? Like we were an actual couple, and Matt was our son.
My heart swelled at the very thought; my wolf seemed content with the thought as well, solidifying my growing feelings for
Gavin. I knew at this moment that it wasn’t just a game between us… these feelings weren’t lust–filled… I had real feelings for
him.
I was falling in love with him.
“As I said yesterday, try not to trigger his wolf’s anger, and you should be okay for right now,” Eliza told him.
He nodded.
Before any more words could be said, Gavin’s phone started to ring. He sighed as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and glanced at the screen. His frown deepened when he saw who was calling. He turned his back on Matt as he spoke in a low voice,
“This is not a good time, Irene,” he said; Matt’s ears perked, and my heart dropped at the sound of her name. Gavin’s brows furrowed as he listened to what she was saying on the other end. I could tell it was a lot, and from the intensity of her voice on his
phone’s speaker, I knew whatever was wrong, it was serious. She was being frantic, and it made me worry for her. “What are you talking about?” Gavin asked, his tone darkening.
Now my brows were furrowing, there was actual concern in his tone as he spoke and on his face. His expression changed
completely.
“On my way,” he said just as he hung up the phone.
“What’s going on?” I asked. 
He typed a message on his phone, and once he pressed send, he shoved his phone back into his pocket.
“We need to get back to the villa,” he told me and then he turned to Matt. “Taylor will be here once you’re ready to be discharged.
He’ll take you home.” 
1/3
Chapter 477
Matt frowned.
+15 Bonus
“You’re leaving?” He asked, sounding a bit gutted; I was in a mix of feeling bad about leaving him, and wondering what was happening back at the villa.
“I’m sorry, but yes,” Gavin said, running his fingers through his hair. “There’s an emergency at home that I need to tend to.”
“I can always stay with him if needed,” I suggested, keeping my tone low for Gavin’s ears alone.
“I’d rather you come with me,” he told me. “I think I’m going to need you for this.”
I raised my brows a him, but I didn’t argue, I just nodded, my cheeks slightly flushed. It was nice that he needed me.
Gavin said his goodbyes to Matt, and we departed pretty quickly. The car ride back to the villa was quiet. My heart was hammering in my chest as I wondered what was going on. He wouldn’t tell me; he kept saying we would talk once we were back at the villa, and I wasn’t about to argue with him, especially when he was like this. Whatever it was, I knew it had something to do with Irene.
I knew at one point, when Gavin refused to give her permission to court Ethan, that she threatened to hurt herself. I wondered if she actually did hurt herself now that she’s single.
I was nervous to find out for sure what was going on.
Gavin parked the car and waited for me to get out of the car before he took the lead and went straight towards the front door.
Once we were inside, he called out Irene’s name.
“She’s in the parlor,” Alex said, his face stoic and hard to read.
Gavin nodded at him, and we went towards the parlor. Once we got inside, we both completely froze, and my face went pale.
Irene was seated on the couch, holding something in her arms, and when my eyes landed on what she was holding, my blood went cold… (1)
Comments
###Take 478
Chapter 478
Third Person POV
Irene was lost in thought, lying in the parlor, doom–scrolling through her phone. She frowned when she came across a recent article that featured her father and Judy out on what seemed like a date. Irene wasn’t stupid, she knew that there was something going on between the two of them. She wasn’t sure how she felt about it; Judy was her age, and her father was… well… her father was old. At least to her, he was old.
Plus, that was her father.
But at the same time, Judy seemed to make him happy. She had never seen Gavin Landry crack a smile before, but Judy somehow brought out his playful and attentive side. Now, he pays attention to his family and constantly grins from ear to ear. It was a strange sight for sure, and Irene could get used to it.
It was unsettling to think that people were actually following her father and Judy and taking these pictures. They were pictures that weren’t known, which made things worse. It gave
stalker vibes.
On top of that, Irene also worried about Matt. She hadn’t spoken to her father, even after knowing he was home last night with Judy. He was too afraid of what her father would say to her if he did say to her, and he didn’t want to trigger Matt’s wolf again.
Her little brother hated her, and she had no one but herself to blame.
She pressed her knees to her chest and continued to scroll through her phone, desperate to
distract herself.
She barely even heard the knock on the front door around the corner from the parlor, or Alex approaching the parlor doors. She didn’t look up until she heard something that wasn’t usually heard in the villa… Something she never thought she would ever hear in the Villa.
A crying baby.
She glanced up from her phone and frowned when she spotted Alex, the butler, standing in the archway of the front parlor, a car seat in his grasp.
“Alex…” Irene said, narrowing her eyes. “Did you have a baby and not tell me?”
His frown was deep, and the annoyance on his face would have been laughable if she weren’t so confused.
“Funny,” he murmured as he walked towards her. “No, I did not have a baby, Miss Irene. This baby was at our doorstep. Care to explain why it was there?”
“That’s a pink blanket, so she is a girl,” Irene said, annoyed by Alex calling the baby an “it.”
Alex rolled his eyes, not caring one bit about the gender of this baby.
“Not the point,” he murmured. “Why is she here?”
Irene folded her arms across her chest.
“How would I know?”
Alex pressed his lips in a thin line and lifted something out of the carrier. It was an envelope. When he turned it over for her to see the front of it, she sucked in a sharp breath.
“It has your name on it,” Alex told her, raising her brows.
“Did you read it?” Irene asked, walking towards him and stretching her hand out to grab the
letter from him.
“Of course not,” he replied.
She opened the letter, her fingers trembling as she pulled out the paper.
Dear Irene,
I know you don’t want to hear from me. I took your advice and left town. Leaving Ethan was the healthiest choice for me. He was a true monster. He found out about my pregnancy and tried to force me to abort; he threatened both me and my baby. I had no choice but to leave. I have no one to protect me; I have no family, no friends, and I no longer have a pack. I am a rogue wolf, and I worry that Ethan will come searching for me. If he finds me, there’s no doubt in my mind that he will kill me.
I finally gave birth a couple of weeks ago, and I worry for my baby’s safety. I worry that Ethan will find out about her and do what he can to get rid of her. I can’t give her a good life. I’m not fit to be a mother, and I can’t protect her.
But you come from a good family, and you are kind… I knew it the moment we spoke in that coffee shop. You can protect her better than I ever could. So, I ask that you give my little girl a good life, and maybe one day I’ll be able to be in her life again. 1
Her name is Emalyn.
Stella.
Irene stared at the letter, dumbfounded, her hands trembling as she continued to read the letter over and over again.
###Take 479
Chapter 479
“What is it?” Alex finally asked after a long while of silence.
“I need to call my father,” Irene said, still in a daze.
She grabbed her phone and swiped across the screen until she got to Gavin’s contact number. Then she pressed the call button, her breathing shaky. She’s hoping that her tone doesn’t sound as frantic as her mind.
She stared down at the small baby, still in the carrier and wrapped in a pink blanket. She was so tiny; it was clear that she was born early.
Irene’s heart tugged at the sight of her, knowing that she was Ethan’s baby, made it difficult, but this baby was innocent and adorable.
“This is not a good time, Irene,” Gavin’s voice cut through her inner monologue.
Irene winced at the harshness of his tone, and she knew she had to be quick or else he would hang up on her.
“Dad, it’s an emergency,” she went on to say in a single breath. “Ethan’s baby is here, and I don’t know what to do.”
Tears broke free from her eyes before she could stop them.
She could feel Alex stiffening as he listened to the phone conversation.
“What are you talking about?” Gavin’s voice was still harsh, but had lost some of its depth.
“I mean, there is a baby in the villa right now with a note from Ethan’s mistress saying that she couldn’t give the baby a good life and that she’s worried Ethan will find out about her. She knows I come from a good family and wants me to raise this baby… Dad, I’m so confused. I don’t know what I’m going to do. There’s a literal baby in the parlor right now.”
Her voice cracked at her last sentence, her entire body trembling as she suppressed the sobs that wanted to consume her.
There was a long stretch of silence at the other end as Gavin processed her words.
“On my way.”
The line went dead after that, and Irene couldn’t keep it in anymore; she sat on the couch as a sob escaped her lips.
“Is this really Ethan Cash’s baby?” Alex asked, watching Irene warily as she cried awkwardly in front of him.
She nodded, wiping her flushed and wet cheeks with the back of her hand.
Alex shifted in his spot, feeling the tension in the air.
“Well, this was left next to the carrier,” he told her, lifting a backpack in the air for her to see. It’s filled with diapers, wipes, baby formula, a bottle, and some extra clothes.”
a
“1 
Irene could barely listen to what he was saying, she was numb as she remained on the couch, her eyes glued to the baby. Alex awkwardly placed the bag next to the couch and then cleared his throat.
“I’ll leave you alone now,” Alex said as he walked towards the door. “I’ll keep a lookout for the Alpha.”
Irene slowly nodded as more tears fell down her cheeks. Once Irene was alone, she let herself break down for a few minutes. She couldn’t seem to stop the tears. But once she had her share of crying and was able to calm herself down, she looked down at the baby who was starting to get fussy. Her heart started to beat faster; she blinked away the remaining tears in her eyes and scooped the small bundle into her arms.
“Hey…” Irene whispered. “It’s okay… don’t cry.”
She rocked the baby gently in her arms, surprised that she started to subside in her crying.
“That’s it, baby girl,” Irene said, her heart melting a little.
Just then, she heard someone enter the parlor. She lifted her gaze to see her father’s stunned face, beside him stood Judy who was equally stunned if not Moreso.
“Is that a baby?” Judy asked, her eyes fixed on the small bundle in Irene’s arms.
Irene bit her lower lip.
“Yes,” Irene replied. “This is Emalyn…”
“Emalyn?” Gavin asked. “She has a name?”
“According to this letter, yes,” Irene said, holding up the letter for Gavin to take.
He took the letter and read it with a deep frown. Once he finished, he let out a deep sigh.
“So, it’s true…” he murmured. “She expects you to raise this baby?”
“It seems so,” Irene said, rocking the baby in her arms again.
“Whose baby is that?” Judy finally asked, her voice loud and confused as she stared from the baby to Irene, and then finally to Gavin.
After a beat of silence, he turned to her, his expression softened, and his voice gentle.
“It’s Ethan’s.”
###Take 480
Chapter 480
Judy’s POV
I stared at Gavin in shock; he wasn’t smiling or laughing… he wasn’t joking. The baby in Irene’s arms belonged to Ethan. But it definitely wasn’t Irene’s baby. I turned to her as her eyes found mine, and I could see the conflict in her own eyes. She had been crying before we arrived; I could tell before there were still traces of her dried tears on her cheeks and her eyes were a bit
bloodshot.
“How did you end up with Ethan’s baby?” I found myself asking. “When did he even have a baby? Why am I just learning about
this now”
“Her name was Stella…” Irene murmured. “I found out he’s been seeing her behind my back, along with some others.”
“And was pregnant?” I asked, raising my brows.
“Yes,” Irene whispered. “I caught her outside of Ethan’s house. She was already pregnant when I met her a couple of months ago.
I… uh… might have given her money to leave and never return.‘
“How much money did you give her?” Gavin asked, his irritation clear on his face and in his voice.
Irene’s face flushed red as she nibbled her lower lip.
“Almost a million…” she admitted, making me gasp. “I wanted to give her enough to start a new life. But apparently, she didn’t
leave right away, and Ethan found out about her pregnancy. He threatened her… he wanted her to abort the baby and told her that
he would kill them both himself if she didn’t comply.”
My wolf whimpered at the idea of her mate being that cruel to another woman, especially one he got pregnant. I couldn’t take my
eyes off the baby that Irene was holding; that was my mate’s baby.
Why does she trust you if you gave her money to leave and not return?” Gavin asked, his tone gruffer than usual.
“I don’t know why she trusts me… maybe because I come from the Landry family, and we are the most prestigious family in the
world?” She said, glancing up at her father. “All I know is that Ethan can never find out that Emalyn is his daughter. She’s only an
innocent baby, and she doesn’t deserve that monster to be her father.”
“We can agree on that,” I murmur, folding my arms across my chest.
“I’m not really sure what to do, Dad…” she whispered, tears filling her
eyes,
Gavin pulled out his phone and swiped along the screen a few times. After a minute, he put the phone to his cheek.
“I need you to come to the villa,” Gavin said into the phone. “Yes, right now.”
He hung up the phone and then turned to Irene.
“Stay in here with the baby for a bit. I’ll be back,” he told her.
1/3
She sniffled, but nodded, holding the baby tighter.
Gavin turned to me, his expression softening as he placed his hands on my shoulders, his thumbs lazily tracing the nape of my
neck as he held me in place.
“Stay with her while I make arrangements,” he said in a low tone, for my ears alone.
He didn’t have to tell me twice; I nodded without hesitation.
Irene let cut a sob as soon as her father was gone.
I went to her and sat beside her on the couch. The little baby girl was so adorable that it tugged at my heart. I couldn’t believe
Ethan had a baby with another woman.
“It doesn’t feel real,” she whispered, breaking through the silence that consumed us. “I mean… this is Ethan’s baby.”
“He can’t know about her,” I whispered. “I don’t trust him enough to know about her. You know what he’s capable of…”
“I know,” Irene said, silencing my flow of words. “He will never know that this is his daughter. I will fight to protect her if
needed.”
“Your dad will know what to do,” I said, leaning back on the couch, letting out a sigh. “And you aren’t alone in this. I’m here too.
I’ll help you however I can.‘
“}
“Do you think you can hold the baby for a second?” Irene asked, tears filling her eyes. “I need some air…”
I nodded and took the small baby from her, placing her in my arms. I watched as Irene left the parlor, leaving me alone. I stared down at the baby who had Ethan’s nose and ears; her little lips parted slightly as she took steady breaths. Her eyes were closed as she slept. She was a beautiful little baby, and my heart swelled at the sight of her. It was a strange feeling I had, and my wolf felt a surge of protectiveness. This was our fated mate’s baby… she wasn’t our baby… and yet my wolf felt the need to protect her.
A small whine came from the baby, and my heart lurched.
“Shh, it’s okay,” I said, bouncing the baby gently in my arms. I spotted the open backpack beside the couch and saw some much- needed supplies. They were untouched, so I assumed she hadn’t been fed yet.
Balancing the baby on my lap, I made her a bottle of formula. She wrapped her lips around the bottle and began to suck down the formula hungrily. A small smile tugged at the corner of my lips as I fed the baby.
###Take 481
Chapter 481
I was so focused on feeding her that I didn’t notice Gavin leaning against the doorframe, watching me. There was a look I didn’t recognize in his eyes, almost a thoughtful expression. When our eyes met, it almost seemed to snap him back to the present
moment.
“We’re going to use the mansion to hide the baby,” he told me. “I think it’ll be best if Irene moves into the Villa with Emalyn. Right now, Taylor is heading here to take them there. There will be extra security in place around the mansion to keep them both safe. Plus, it’ll be good to get Irene out of the villa, so Matt’s wolf isn’t triggered, so it works out for the best.”
“What about Sammy?” I asked. “I thought I couldn’t go back to the mansion because we aren’t sure what she’s up to or who she’s
working for.”
He nodded.
“Sammy will be relocated. She’s coming here so I can keep a better eye on her and find out for sure what she wants. I can’t have her walk around this pack freely if she is a spy, regardless of who she is working for. Having her on the other side of the pack in
the northern mansion isn’t good enough. She needs to be at arm’s length.”
I nodded, an unsettled feeling in the pit of my stomach.
“And what about me?” I asked the question weighing on my mind and heart.
A troubled look clouded his expression, making my heart sink. For a moment, he didn’t look at me. It seemed as if he was trying
to look anywhere but at me.
“You’ll move back in with your parents for the time being. At least there you’ll be safe…”
My heart broke a little; he wanted me to move out…
“Is that what you want?” I asked, my voice coming out softer than intended.
He was hesitant, but then he nodded.
“Yes,” he replied after a beat of silence. “And until we get everything sorted… It’s best if you don’t come here.”
Third Person POV
Nan and Chester were in the middle of an argument in the kitchen of the mansion. Nan had her arms wrapped around her body
like she was holding herself together; she was desperate to keep from crying in front of him.
She caught him flirting with one of the kitchen maids.
“Nothing happened, Nan,” Cheser told her, his voice pained. There was a dull ache in his chest at the sight of his mate hurting and his wolf was pissed at him for causing her this pain. “I wouldn’t do that… not to you. I was only joking with her, and it was in
passing. You just walked in a he wrong moment.”
“I walked in at the right moment…” Nan shot back. “She touched her chest and told you that you were looking extra fit today, and then you replied by flexing your arms and telling her that her petite frame would never be able to handle you,” she recalled as tears filled her eyes. “Then she told you that she wants to test that theory, and you only laughed, Chester. You didn’t decline
her…”
“You didn’t give me a chance. That was when you walked in,” Chester told her. “Baby, I wouldn’t cheat on you. You’re my mate.”
She opened her mouth to say something else, but Sammy walked in at that moment. She had a suitcase in her hand.
Nan frowned.
“Going somewhere?”
“Yeah, I’m moving into the Landry Villa. I’m not entirely sure why, but I’m sure they’ll tell me once I’m there. He said something
about Irene moving in,” Sammy explained.
Nan raised her brows; she would have to ask Judy what was going on later, but she needed to sort through this thing with Chester.
Sammy hugged Nan.
“I’ll see you later, though,” she told Nan.
After she said her goodbyes, she grabbed her bags and again retreated from the kitchen, leaving Nan and Chester alone in
awkward silence. Cheser wasn’t sure what to say to make things better, but he knew he needed to reassure her that he belonged to
her and the words he exchanged with that maid were just that… words. They were meaningless, and he was just about to decline
her offer when Nan burst through the door in hysterics.
The maid took off after Nan walked in, and Chester was left speechless. Though, his wolf liked the fact that Nan was protective
over him… but still, Chester felt like a piece of shit for making his mate feel like this. 1
He opened his mouth to say something, anything, but the sound of a phone ringing stopped him.
Nan frowned as she spotted the phone on the counter, her brows furrowed.
“Is that your phone?” She asked.
Chester shook his head.
“No, it must be Sammy’s.”
Nan grabbed the phone and was about to run it out to Sammy, but something on the screen made her freeze. Chester watched her
warily.
“What is it?” He asked.
She looked up at Chester and turned the phone screen to face Chester so he could see.
“It’s Alpha Lycan Levi…” she said, her brows furrowed as the picture of Alpha Levi was shown on the screen. “Her contact for him
is Dad…”
###Take 482
Chapter 482 
Judy’s POV
If someone told me a few days ago that I’d be moving back in with my parents, having spent almost a year living in the Landry mansion, I would have laughed. But here I was, putting the last of my boxes into my childhood room. Despite that, they once sold their home to the Cash family and then had it bought back by Gavin, my room remained the same. It was clear that the Cash family only bought this home to spite my family; they were planning on tearing down the property. I doubted they even stepped foot inside these walls, which irritated me beyond belief.
Beta Taylor and Gamma Eric helped bring my things in, but they had left after I took the last of my boxes inside.
I was lost in thought, staring around the room that used to be my safe haven… but now it seemed like a graveyard for the Judy I once was. I wasn’t the same girl I was back in high school. I stared at all the pictures I had; there were not only pictures of me and Nan, but also photos of me and Ethan as well. Photos capturing the times I thought I was with my forever person… someone I never thought would hurt me, but did.
I sighed and put the photo face down; I probably should have come here to get rid of them a long time ago, but honestly, I kind of forgot about them. It’s easier to forget about my old life when I was with Gavin, living in his mansion and growing into someone completely different.
“I know it’s hard, but I’m glad to have you back,” my mother said, leaning against the door frame.
Her eyes were soft and filled with compassion as she watched me turn down each photo that consisted of Ethan. She was the biggest advocate for Ethan for a long time, until she was forced to live in the Cash family manor and discovered their true colors. Now she hates him and his entire family more than anything; they were the reason my family was ripped apart for months. The reason my father had to face prison time and was beaten until the inch of his life. They were the reason she nearly lost her fated mate.
I was glad to have her back to normal; those months my father was gone were dark times. I honestly started to lose hope that she would ever get back to normal. I thought I lost her, too.
But now she was smiling, her face had color, and she was eating again.
“Have you spoken to Ethan lately?” My mother asked, watching me as I tore down the photo I had of him on my vanity mirror.
I looked at him with a frown.
“No, and I don’t plan on speaking to him again,” I said to her, my tone leaving no room for argument. The last time I spoke to him was at the competition when he brought Daisy there. I still wasn’t sure what he was thinking when he did that or what game he was playing, and honestly, I didn’t really care. I knew he was back in town because of the photo Nan took of him with Sammy.
I wondered what kind of relationship they had with one another and why Sammy didn’t tell me about it. It hurt thinking she was keeping something like this from me. She knew the hell Ethan had put Irene and me through, so I wasn’t sure why Sammy would suddenly be interested in him.
Unless something else was going on.
“Did something happen between you and the Landry family?” My mother asked with a concerned frown. “Is that why you are moving home?”
No, Mom,” I said, turning to look at her. “I told you that they are using the mansion for something, and I couldn’t stay there because of it.”
My mom didn’t look convinced, but she knew better than to question me, so she nodded thoughtfully.
1/2
Chapter 492
+25 BONUS
“Well, at least now I can make sure you are focusing on your studies,” she told me, a small smile tipping the corner of her lips. “Graduation is fast approaching, and now is the time to start cramming.”
She was right, I had to focus my attention on school above anything else. Right now, it was a crucial time, and if I fell behind, I could kiss graduating top of my class goodbye.
“I’ll study hard,” I assured her. “You have my word.”
Before she could say anything more, the sound of my phone stopped her.
I grabbed my phone off my bed and saw that it was a text from Nan. I swiped my finger across the screen, and my heart stopped at her message.
###Take 483
Chapter 483
Nan: 911, get to the Villa now!
There was a sense of panic in my chest as I read her text.
“I have to go,” I told my mom as I hurried out of the room. She followed close behind me, trying to ask me what was going on, but I was too far gone. All I could think was that something might have happened to Irene and the baby when they moved into the Villa. 2
I got into my beat–up car and turned on the engine, promising that I would keep my mother updated once I found out more information. I wasted no time getting to the Silver Crescent pack and to Gavin’s mansion.
When I got inside the mansion, I was surprised that I didn’t smell any trace of Irene having been here. I walked into the kitchen, following Nan’s scent, only to find her seated at the kitchen counter with Chester pacing back and forth.
“What’s going on?” I asked, the words hurrying out of my mouth. “What’s the emergency?”
“Sammy left a little while ago,” Nan told me, her eyes finding mine. “But she left her phone, and something appeared on her phone that kind of left us startled.”
I furrowed my brows.
“Where’s her phone?” I asked, wanting to see it for myself.
“She came back for it,” Cheser said. “She doesn’t know we saw anything.”
Just then, Gavin’s scent filled the room, along with traces of Irene. I knew they had just arrived. Before any more words were exchanged, they both came walking into the kitchen. Gavin froze when his eyes found mine, and they narrowed.
“What are you doing here?” He asked.
“What? Am I not allowed to come here at all?” I asked.
“I thought you’d be moving back home.”
“I was called here,” I shot back.
“I’m actually really glad she’s here. Why can’t she live here with us?” Irene suggested, a hopeful glint in her eyes. She held the baby carrier in her hands, and I could tell she was nervous.
“Judy needs to focus on her studies and shouldn’t have to deal with a crying baby all the time,” Gavin answered, which was news to me. I didn’t know he cared that much about my studies.
I kept my eyes on him, my gaze becoming wary.
“I called her here,” Nan said, interrupting our conversation. “Chester and I made a discovery that you both should know about.”
Gavin raised his brows.
“Then out with it,” Gavin said, his tone showing signs of impatience.
Nan and Chester glanced at one another before turning to look at him.
“When Sammy left, she forgot her phone,” Chester began to explain. “Nan saw someone calling her, and it was a photo of Alpha Levi.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 493
Gavin’s brows furrowed as he studied Cheser’s face.
“Underneath his picture, it said the word ‘Dad‘ on it,” Nan continued to explain.
I sucked in a sharp breath, unable to contain my gasp.
“What?” I asked, my eyes wide. “Are you sure?”
Nan nodded.
“I know what I saw,” Nan told me. “Alpha Levi is obviously Sammy’s father.”
“Levi is also Alpha Landry’s known enemy and biggest competitor. Why would he have his daughter in his territory like this?” Chester asked. His mind was lost in thought as he tried to make sense of this situation.
I looked at Gavin for a possible answer, but I only saw a dark rage falling upon his face. He turned to look at me, his eyes searching mine.
“Go home,” he ordered, and then he turned and started towards the door.
“Dad?” Irene called after him, I stood shellshocked.
He left without another word.
Gavin’s POV
My suspicions were right; Levi was after Judy. That’s the only reason he would end his own daughter here to keep watch over her. The reason Sammy was caught going through Judy’s things, why she wanted to transfer to Judy’s school and live in the same mansion Judy was living in.
I was right to make her live with her parents, where I knew she’d be safe…
Just like I’m right to send her home right now. Sammy is too familiar with this mansion and can access it easily. I can’t let her get to Judy. I need to protect her at all costs.
“Take Judy home and make sure she doesn’t come here again… I need to deal with something,” I say to Taylor as I pass him outside.
“What? Why? What’s going on?” He asked, his eyes following mine until I reached my car.
“We have a potential spy. Judy might be in danger.”
###Take 484
Chapter 484
Judy’s POV
“Miss Judy, I was told to bring you home,” Taylor said from the doorway, staring around the room awkwardly, attempting to avoid my eyes. My mouth opened wide as I stared at him. So, Gavin didn’t trust that I would get home on my own? He had to send Beta Taylor to bring me home himself? The audacity of that man. I had half a mind to tell him off.
“No need. I have my car,” I said, folding my arms across my chest defiantly.
Taylor shuffled in his shoes; his eyes fixed on the ground like he was afraid I could kill him with just one look.
“Yes, your car will be sent to you by the end of the evening,” he told me, clearing his throat.
My eyes grew wide.
“You’re not serious,” I shot back, staring at him with shock. I looked at Irene, who also looked shocked.
“Taylor, just let her drive herself when she’s ready. What’s the rush?” Irene argued, she was holding the baby while Nan was cooing over it. Cheser sat awkwardly, watching his mate coo over a baby, his cheeks flushed. I was in the middle of teasing him when Taylor came and interrupted us. I wanted to spend some time with my friends; was that such a crime?
“I’m sorry, Miss Irene. But your father had given me his orders,” Taylor told her.
Irene rolled her eyes.
“Come on, Taylor. He’s your best friend. What do you think he’s going to do? It’s not like he’d fire you or banish you,” Irene told him. She had a point; Taylor and Gavin grew up together and had been friends their entire lives. If anyone could break the rules and get away with it, it was definitely Beta Taylor.
“I’m a professional and I know when it’s acceptable to push his buttons and when it’s not. I have a job to do… my Alpha told me to take Judy home, so that is what I must do,” Taylor said, his normal playful demeanor changing into a stubborn Beta. It even took Irene by surprise as she stared at him, the fight leaving her.
I wasn’t in the mood to argue with him, so I sighed and grabbed my bag off the coffee table.
“Fine,” I muttered. “I’ll leave.”
Irene sighed and gave me a hug.
“Sorry,” she whispered against my ear. “I’ll give him hell for this.”
I smiled at her, knowing she’d be true to her word. I turned to Nan and hugged her.
“Thanks for telling me about all of this,” I said softly. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
She nodded as I pulled away from her. I fist–bumped Cheser and pointed at him while saying, “Behave.”
1/3
Chapter 484
He held up his hands in defense; Nan told me about their little argument earlier from when she caught him flirting with a maid, and I wasn’t going to let that go. But right now, it was not the time to discuss it.
I turned to Taylor.
“Lead the way, warden,” I said sarcastically.
He rolled his eyes, but I could tell he was hiding his smirk as he turned and started towards the doorway. As we reached the car and I got into the backseat, I felt like a defeated child. I didn’t get why Gavin was so adamant about keeping me away from the mansion. It’s not like he was trying to keep me away from his life, and that thought hurt more than anything.
My stomach turned into a giant knot as I thought about Sammy. I wondered what was going to happen to her.
“Did Gavin mention anything about Sammy?” I asked. “Or was he too focused on making sure I leave his mansion?”
Taylor glanced at me through the mirror.
“He texted me a few minutes ago. I have a ton of work to do tonight. He can’t exactly accuse Sammy of being a traitor based on the words of your best friend and her mate. He needs solid proof. Because she’s of Lycan blood, he can’t mind commanding her. Her phone had been wiped clean… apparently, she knew they were onto her, so she got rid of all the evidence. So, I have done
what I can to find evidence.”
I remained silent for a long while as I processed this information.
“You should check with Ethan,” I murmured. “He probably has a ton of evidence, and he isn’t smart enough to erase it.”
“That’s my next stop after I drop you off.”
I smirked at him, my eyes remaining on the mirror, where I could see his face.
“I could help you if you want,” I said. “Maybe I can steal his phone or something.”
“Thank you for the offer, but it’s alright. I can handle it,” Taylor said with his own smirk lighting up his face.
###Take 485
Chapter 485
“It was worth a shot,” I sighed.
His shoulders shook with suppressed laughter.
Taylor pulled into the driveway and put the car in park before turning to look at me.
“I know it’s hard to see, but the Alpha truly does care about you, Miss Judy,” he tells me gently, his eyes softening. “He’s not great at expressing his feelings… he never has been. But he does the best he can. Cut him some slack.”
My heart was heavy in my chest as I thought about what he was saying. I found myself nodding and nibbling on my lower lip.
“When can I expect my car?” I asked, not wanting to talk about it anymore.
“Give me a few hours,” he told me. “I’ll have it sent here soon.”
I nodded as I got out of the car, slamming the door shut behind me. Taylor didn’t leave until I was securely in the house, which I found to be odder than usual. I wondered if Gavin ordered him not to stay outside the house until I was inside.
I seriously didn’t understand what was happening, but I pushed it aside so I could have a normal family dinner with my parents.
I told my mom what had happened with Sammy at the mansion, and she was shocked to say the least. My father agreed that it was best if I stayed away from them for a while. He didn’t want more trouble for the Montague family, and that’s what it seemed like was happening… trouble.
It took a couple of hours, but soon, Gamma Eric was bringing me my car, and another Gamma was picking him up. My mom, in her motherly fashion, while he waited for the other Gamma to arrive, kept offering him food, but he politely declined, saying he was planning on going out later that evening for food.
“A date?” I asked when my mother finally went inside.
We were sitting on the porch; having Eric being my main driver over the course of the year, we became friends of a sort.
He grinned.
“Maybe,” he said. “Guess we will see how it goes.”
His ride appears, and he nudges my shoulder.
“See you later,” he said before running to the car. I shook my head and laughed.
It was starting to become late, and I knew my parents were settling down for the night. My mind kept wandering over Sammy and all the lies she had told me. My chest was conflicted at the thought of her betraying me. I hated that feeling.,. I wanted to talk to
her about it.
I knew I probably shouldn’t go against Gavin’s wishes, but I had to find out for sure what Sammy was thinking and what was going on with her. So, instead of going inside, I got right into my car and drove to Gavin’s villa. I parked in a secluded area so he
1/3
Chapter 485
wouldn’t see my car. He was gone, so I didn’t think he’d be here, but I knew his staff would tell him everything.
I got out of the car and got inside the villa, only to be stopped by the Butler, Alex.
“You aren’t supposed to be here,” Alex said, folding his arms across his chest. “I thought you were moving home.”
“I did, but I forgot some things,” I lied.
He rolled his eyes.
“Should have called; I would have had someone bring it to you,” he told me.
I shrugged.
“It’s no problem,” I told him. “I didn’t want to make a fuss out of it. I can grab it. I left it upstairs.”
+15 Bonus
Thankfully, he didn’t argue with me. He let me go upstairs, and I pretended to walk towards Gavin’s room, where I had been
staying these last couple of weeks, but instead, I headed towards the guest wing. I picked up Sammy’s scent right away; I had
always been good at picking up on scent, so it didn’t take long to find her room.
I knocked on her door, thankful there weren’t any guards outside of it. When she opened the door, I was even more relieved that it
wasn’t locked, but I saw an ankle monitor on her leg, making me frown.
“What is that?” I asked her, stepping into her room.
“I can’t leave this room, or Alpha Gavin will be alerted. He also took my phone,” she murmured, shutting the door.
She looked drained and defeated; despite everything, I still felt bad that she was going through this. There had to be an actual
explanation for all of this. There was no way she was lying from the very beginning.
Then Sammy asked, “What are you even doing here?”
###Take 486
Chapter 486
Judy’s POV
What are you even doing here?
+15 Bonus
That was a loaded question, with many answers. I came for answers. I came to find out if my friend was a traitor. I came to find
out if she was a spy and, if so, for whom she was working. I came to find out if she was sleeping with my ex–mate. I came to find
out if I had been a fool in trusting her.
Something about the way she was eyeing me warily showed me that she knew exactly why I was there. She wrapped her arms
around her body, desperate to hold herself together as she watched me. Neither of us said anything for what felt like a long time. I
needed to know the truth, and I had no idea how to answer her questions that were bubbling at the tip of my tongue.
“Is it true?” I finally asked, meeting her eyes. “Are you working with Ethan to hurt me and my family?” That was a question I
truly had; was she working with my ex–mate, after knowing everything he had put me through? Was she out to get my family and
me just like Ethan was? The thought made me feel sick to my stomach, and I had to drop my eyes from hers before my emotions
leaked through. I wasn’t great at keeping a poker face, and I knew she’d be able to see the defeat on my face almost right away.
I saw a flash of remorse on her face as she stared at the ground, shuffling in her spot awkwardly.
“It’s more complicated than that,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper.
“Complicated how?” I asked, stepping towards her. “Tell me the truth, Sammy.”
“You shouldn’t be here,” she finally stated after a beat of silence. “If Alpha Landry found out—”
“It would be me who got into trouble, not you,” I told her. “You have no control over who barges through that door, especially
when you can’t even leave it.” I point at her ankle monitor. “You are a prisoner, Sammy. Just tell me why.”
I was desperate for answers, and I needed her to start spilling or I was going to lose my mind. She nibbled on her lower lip, tears
welling in her eyes. I wasn’t sure if I trusted her tears or not… I wasn’t sure if they were crocodiles, and it worried me that my
trust in her disappeared completely.
“My intention was never to hurt you…” she whispered.
“Then what were you trying to do?” I asked her, trying to meet her eyes, but she was going through great lengths to avoid my eyes. “Sammy, please. Answer my question. Why were you working with him?”
“My name is Sammy Churchill. The youngest daughter of Levi Churchill…” she whispered, her face glowing red. “I’m Aipha
Levi’s daughter.”
“Did he send you here?” I asked.
She was quiet for a moment before she nodded slowly.
“Why?” I asked her, my tone firm as I stared around her face, studying her carefully.
1/3
Chapter 486
She took a deep breath before releasing it slowly.
+15 Bonus
“Because he wants you to be part of the Elite Force, “she explained. “I don’t know why. But he asked me to try and convince you
to go to him.”
I raised my brows.
“What?” I asked her, not sure I heard her correctly.
“He wants me to convince you to join his Elite Gamma Force. He thinks you’d make a great addition. He wants to take you away
from Gavin,” she explained, her eyes finally meeting mine, and I saw the unshed tears in them. 1
“That doesn’t make sense,” I said, shaking my head. “There has to be more to it. Why go through all of this?” I asked.
“He thought if I got close to you, then I could convince you,” she explained. “We are close in age, and I’m easy to get along with.
He wanted me to befriend you and change your mind about joining Gavin’s force.” 1
My heart hurt hearing her words.
“Why were you snooping through my things?” I asked her, my mind was still clouded with all this new information.
“I was just trying to see if I could use something to convince you. I know you got a bunch of packets from the other Elite forces,
and I was going to get rid of them and only leave you my father’s…” she confessed, her face blooming red.
She covered her face with her hands and groaned.
“Ugh, Judy, I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to do it…”
“So, our friends were a lie?” I asked, unable to hide the hurt in my voice.
She lifted her gaze to look at me, shock registering on her face.
###Take 487
Chapter 487
“OH, Goddess, Judy. No, of course not!”
“I’m having trouble believing that…” I admit.
She nodded solemnly.
“I get that,” she murmured. “And maybe at first, I did target you, but I quickly realized that you are an incredible person, and I was lucky to get to know you. There wasn’t a moment when I didn’t feel bad for what I was doing, but you were always my friend, Judy. I promise… none of our friendship was fake.”
I was quiet for a moment as I processed her words. I wanted to believe her, I truly did. But I was still so hurt over it. I wasn’t sure if
I could truly trust her or not…
“Why were you talking to Ethan?” I asked her.
Her cheeks flushed at my question, and at first, I didn’t think she was going to answer me.
“Nan saw you talking to him at the coffee shop,” I went on to explain, a hint of worry in my tone. I hated to think she was seeing
him behind my back.
“He’s switching his allegiance to my father,” she explained. “I was only relaying a message to him from my father. It wasn’t
anything major, I promise.”
“Ethan is switching his allegiance to Levi Churchill?” I asked. “But his family is the Beta’s of Redmoon.”
She nodded.
“That’s why he’s keeping it a secret for right now,” she replied. “I don’t think his family even knows. But my father promised him an Alpha status, and that’s why I had to talk to him. He’s wondering when Ethan plans to move so they can move forward
with the next steps in that process.” 
I thought about it for a moment, and I realized that it did make sense. I should have known that Sammy wasn’t seeing Ethan after everything he had put me through.
“Okay,” I finally said softly.. “I believe you.”
Relief formed on her expression, and she sighed.
“Thank you,” she said in return.
Before we could hug it out, my phone chimed. I frowned as I pulled it out of my pocket, only to see Nan’s name flash across the
screen from a text message. 
I opened the message.
Nan: Girl, did you see this It’s all over the news!
1/4
Chapter 487
+15 Bonus
Attached was a news article. I was hesitant, my heart in my throat as I clicked on the link. The second I did, my heart sank into my
stomach.
Fuck.
Gavin’s POV
“I want to know who released this article,” I said, slamming my fist on my desk, making Taylor and my head Gamma, Derek, flinch. “We should have had people on this already. This should never have been released.”
“The releasor was anonymous,” Taylor explained. “I already contacted your PA and PI.” Private Attorney and Private
Investigator.
“These need to be pulled immediately,” I said through my teeth.
“Yes, Alpha,” they both said at the same time.
Just then, my phone started to ring, and I cursed under my breath.
“Fucking what?” I muttered before I pressed the answer button; I didn’t bother checking to see who it was this time. “Yes?”
“Is that any way to speak to your mother?” I internally groaned; I wasn’t in the mood for this right now.
“Sorry, I’m kind of going through a crisis right now,” I told her, trying to calm my tone.
“Yeah, I’ve noticed. Do you have any idea how this makes the Landry family look?” She asked. “You were caught kissing her during the competition, Gavin. They are blaming you for favoritism.”
My stomach turned; if they think I favored Judy during the competition because we are sleeping together, they will not only take away her win, but they will blacklist her as well. I can’t let that happen.
“I’m dealing with it,” I told her through my teeth.
“You better,” my mother said matter–of–factly. “We can’t have that tanking our reputation, Gavin. You know how important our
image is, and you know how important the Gamma competition is. You’ve put a target on her back.”
I felt sick to my stomach; I should have been more careful. Why didn’t I think pictures would have been taken of us? I was
careless, and now Judy was about to suffer the consequences.
“I will fix this,” I said more to myself than to her.
She was quiet for a moment, and then she sighed.
“Gavin, once you fix this, which I know you will because you are a Landry after all and we always fix our mistakes… but once you do, I hope you’ve learned your lesson. Judy Montague is not made for our world. After all of this… You need to stop seeing her… for good.”
###Take 488
Chapter 488
Judy’s POV
+15 Bonus
I don’t remember leaving the villa; I don’t remember getting into my car. I have no idea how I managed to go from the villa back to my parents‘ house. Everything was such a blur. I was in a daze when I got out of my car. My mother immediately ran out of the house, tears in her eyes and a horrified look on her face. My father stood at the doorway, his expression hard to read.
I knew without a doubt that they saw the news article and I was in some deep shit. If they revoke my win from the competition, I would lose everything I worked so hard for. My stomach was in a complete knot, and I thought I was going to get sick on the spot.
My mother was quick to wrap me in her arms as soon as I got out of the car.
“Please tell me it’s not true,” she whispered as she held me tightly. “Tell me you aren’t having relations with Gavin Landry.”
I wasn’t sure what to tell her; she would be able to see through this lie easily, and I didn’t want to have to lie to her anymore. I was
tired of keeping this secret from my family; I was tired of having to sneak around behind their backs just so I could have sex with
Gavin. I hated that this was happening… but I needed to come clean.
Though I knew what I needed to do, the words wouldn’t come to me.
“Let’s just get her inside so we can talk as a family,” my father said, turning his back on us and walking straight into the house.
My heart sank at his dismissive tone. My mother pulled away and wiped her moist eyes, nodding along with his words. She took
my hand and pulled me along with her. Once we were inside, I felt suffocated. Like, there wasn’t enough space to breathe.
My mother sat with me on the couch as my father paced back and forth throughout the living room.
“Dad-”
He held up his hand to stop me. I clamped my lips shut, not knowing what to do in this circumstance.
After a few more moments of agonizing silence, he finally turned to look at me.
“Is that the reason he paid off my debt?” He asked. “Because you’ve been sleeping with him.”
“He would have done it regardless,” I blurted, my cheeks burning. “He didn’t do it just for me. He found out what happened, and
he took the initiative to help.” 
“Did you tell him?” My father asked, his eyes narrowed.
“No!” I nearly shouted, my defenses rising, “I didn’t tell him anything. He found out on his own.”
My father was quiet for a long while, his mind processing this information.
“Did you in the competition because of him?” He finally asked, his arms folding across his chest.
My heart shattered at his question.
1/4
dhapter 488
“Richard!” My mother scolded before I had the chance to respond.
“Well, what am I supposed to think, Shelly?” My father shot back.
+15 Bonus 
Tears burned in my eyes; I hated having this conversation. I hated that he didn’t trust me… I hated that he was doubting me right
now.
“I won because I’m good at what I do,” I said, my tone hardening as I narrowed my eyes at my father. “When it came down to the winner, Gavin stayed out of the final vote because he didn’t want to provide a biased opinion. I didn’t even know he was going to be at the competition. He’s never gone to them before, and I didn’t think this one would be any different.”
My father stared at me for a long while, and then he sighed, his expression softening slightly.
“Have long have you been together?” My father asked through her tears.
“We are hardly together. We went on a few dates and kissed,” I half fibbed. Truth be told, we did a lot more than kissing, but my
parents didn’t need to know that fact. 1
“You and Gavin Landry is a recipe for disaster,” my father said, shaking his head. “Firstly, he’s too old for you. Secondly, he
already has children. And third, you don’t fit into that kind of world, Judy.”
His words hurt more than I let on; I swallowed down the pain and stared at my hands that I was fiddling with.
“I know…” I whispered, my voice came out weak.
“It would be better if you no longer spoke to Gavin Landry,” my father said, his tone firm, making me flinch. Before I had a
chance to respond, his phone stared to ring, interrupting the conversation.
When he glanced at the screen, his face paled.
Gavin’s POV
“I found out who sent the photos to the media,” Derek said as he walked into my office. I turned to face him, waiting for him to
continue. “I traced the IP address straight to Sammy Churchill’s phone. She deleted the physical photos, but I was able to recover
them and sure enough, they were all there. There are more photos than you can imagine. She’s been watching you both the entire
time you were at the competition and get this… Sammy is he black wolf that saved her during the competition. She was there at
the same time, taking a photo when the attack happened. She accidentally pressed the video button as she dropped her phone. You can see her shifting and going to Judy’s rescue.”
###Take 489
Chapter 489
He handed me the phone that we confiscated from Sammy and pressed the play button. I watched as the big black wolf leapt in the air and rescued Judy. My stomach twisted at the sight; I wondered if Judy knew that it was Sammy that saved her.
The office door opened again, and Taylor walked in.
“We were able to get the news articles down,” Taylor announced. “The media are on their way here to take a statement from you. I took the liberty of contacting Mica and Jeremy as well; they are sending over proof and statements of their own to plea for you. I didn’t bother with Levi because I have a feeling he might be behind this considering it was done by his daughter.” He paused and turned to Derek. “You did tell him that part, right?”
Derek nodded.
“Yes, I just informed him,” Derek confirmed.
“Good work, both of you,” I said, sitting at my desk, trying to calm myself down. “Once I make my statement with the other Lycan’s backing me up and the proof they provide, it should clear Judy’s name so no one will think she cheated. This better be
settled by the end of the night.”
They both nodded, their faces ashen.
“What a mess,” Taylor murmured.
“Are you going to do what your mother says and stop seeing her?” Derek asked, his eyes watching me carefully.
I scoffed.
“When have I ever listened to my mother?” I asked, my eyes narrowed. “Now both of you, get out. I have a phone call to make.
Oh, and Derek, bring Sammy to me in silver cuffs. I have some words for her and then take her to the pack police station. I want her in a holding cell until we figure out what to do with her.”
He nodded.
“Keep in mind, she’s a Lycan’s daughter… we can’t exactly kill her unless you want to start a war,” Taylor reminded me.
I rolled my eyes.
“For now, I just want answers.”
Taylor nodded.
After a minute of silence, they finally left me alone in my office. I grabbed my phone and dialed a specific number before pressing it to my ear, waiting with bated breath.
“Alpha Landry,” Richard Montague said on the other end of the line. “What can I do for you?”
“Delta Richard, have you seen the news this evening?” I asked, my voice coming out strong as my Alpha aura rolled off me in
1/3
Chapter 489
waves, mixed with the strength of my Lycan aura.
He cleared his throat, his tone coming out strained.
“Yes,” he replied. “I’ve seen the article.”
I let out a breath, wondering if he’s already confronted Judy about it.
+15 Bonus
“I wanted you to know that I’m taking care of it. Your daughter’s name will be cleared by the end of the night. The article insinuates that she won because of her relationship with me, when that’s the furthest thing from the truth and we have proof of
that.”
There was nothing but silence on the other end.
“Is that Gavin?” I asked Judy ask softly, her voice sounding strained and broken. Immediately my heart lurched at the sound of
her voice. She was upset, that much was obvious.
Of course she was upset, her name was being dragged through the mud and her family was probably reprimanding her for it. A
surge of anger coursed through me and, I had to swallow it down before I said something to her father that I would regret. More
than anything, I just wanted to pull Judy into my arms and tell her that it was going to be okay… that I would fix it.
Richard didn’t reply to his daughter.
“I trust that you will have it handled, Alpha,” he stated, his tone hardening. “And I trust that you’ll do right by my daughter and
stay away from her. I mean no disrespect, but as a father, I’m sure you can understand my concern. Your relationship with her is
inappropriate and I won’t have it tainting my daughter’s reputation.”
With those words spoken, Richard hung up the phone, cutting our ties, leaving me staring at the phone screen, my jaw slacked.
The door opened to my office and Derek ran in breathless.
“Alpha, Sammy is gone.”
###Take 490
Chapter 490 
Judy’s POV 
“You cannot tell me who I can and cannot see, Dad,” I told him, my arms folded across my chest. I’m usually compliant and I don’t typically talk back to my parents, but at this point, I was furious. My father had seriously crossed the line and then he had the audacity to hang up on Gavin Landry, the most powerful Lycan chairman in the world.
He’s lucky Gavin isn’t barging down his door and ripping his head off his shoulders as we speak. My father though seemed unphased and he stared back at me with the same stubborn expression on his face, his own arms folded across his chest. His eyes
narrowed and his lips were pressed in a thin line.
“I think this is just a lot for us to cope with,” my mother interjected, standing to her feet. “I think we need to take some time to
think about things.”
Tears pricked the corner of my eyes, but I blinked them away.
“I need to go for a walk,” my father finally announced after a long silence.
Without another word, he left the room, leaving my mother and me alone with our thoughts. For a long while, neither of us said
anything. My heart was in my throat; I couldn’t believe he just walked out like that. I wanted to cry or scream… something. But
instead, I only felt numb.
I hated these stupid feelings I was having towards Gavin… I hated that I couldn’t control myself around him. Most importantly, I
hated that I was falling in love with him.
“Just give him some time,” my mother finally said, sitting beside me, her eyes were now soft as she stared at me. “This is a lot of
information in one night.”
I nodded, understanding where she was coming from. My words were caught in my throat though.
“How long have you been seeing him for?” My mother asked, her tone soft.
“I’ve been tutoring his son since last year,” I told her. “I guess it started around then…”
She was quiet as she processed that information.
“And entire year?” She asked.
I nibbled on my lower lip as I nodded.
“It kind of just happened,” I admitted. “I’m sorry for keeping this from you, Mom…”
A few minutes later, my father rushed back into the house. His phone in hand as he stood in front of my mother.
“I just got an alert, a prisoner just escaped,” he told her.
My mother’s face paled.
“What prisoner?” My mother asked, my heart thudded violently against my chest as panic consumed me. I was on alert, listening
to each word my father spoke; none of it felt real.
“There wasn’t much details but here’s a photo,” he said, showing us his phone. The second I saw the photo; my heart fell deep
into my stomach. “Her name is Samantha Churchill.”
Sammy…
“She escaped?” I asked, my tone coming out much hoarser than I intended.
They both glanced at me.
“Do you know her?” My father asked, his brows furrowed.
I let out a shaky breath, my heart pounding against my ribcage. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Sammy had escaped…
I had just spoken to her earlier this evening and she made me understand her part of the story a little better. I no longer thought
of her as this villain out to betray me. So, why would she escape?
“I have to go,” I told them as I headed towards the door.
“Excuse me?” My father said, nearly shouting. “You aren’t going anywhere. Not after what we learned this evening and certainly
not after someone escaped prison.”
“She didn’t escape prison; she was being held at the Landry villa and no offence, Dad, but I am an adult. Who I see and who I
don’t see isn’t any of your concern,” I told him, my tone flat.
###Take 491
Chapter 491
I ignored the gasp of my mother and the reddened face of my father. I didn’t want to disrespect either of them, but they were treating me like I was a child, incapable of making my own choices. This was my life, and I got to choose what I did with it. I would forever be grateful to them for raising me since I was a pup, but now it’s time that I branch out and become my own person. Everything I did was for them… the only reason I worked for Gavin in the first place was to pay off my father’s debt. I do what I can for this family and if they can’t see that, then that’s their loss.
I didn’t stick around to hear my father reprimanding me further. I left without a single word. I quickly got into my car and started to drive towards the villa. I needed to see Gavin. I needed to find out what was going on with Sammy. Why would she escape like that?
I didn’t get far when I noticed a shadow lurking through the surrounding forest. It almost looked like a wolf. It wasn’t unusual to see wolves on the prowl considering this was packland, but something about it caught my attention and I had a sudden urge to follow it.
Without much thought, I parked my car on the side of the road and quickly stripped off my clothes, not wanting to ruin them as I shifted into my wolf form. It was easier to track while in wolf form. I picked up the wolf’s familiar scent almost right away. There was recognition in the scent and my wolf’s ears immediately perked. She grabbed my clothes off the ground with her teeth and got to work tracking the wolf.
She sniffed the ground and started off in the same direction. As we ran through the forest, everything around us became a blur. She was fast, much faster than normal wolves. I never really understood how my wolf was so fast, but it came in handy during times like this. In record time, we had the wolf in sight.
It was a large black wolf and seeing it made me realize how I knew it.
It was the same wolf that saved me back in the competition, when I was on the island. My heart thudded against my chest.
I knew back then that the wolf was female based on her aura alone, but also her scent had a feminine quality to it. I wondered what she could be doing here… and who she was.
My wolf stayed back several feet as she watched the black wolf’s pace slowing. The black wolf lifted her head in the air and
sniffed; for a moment, I worried she was able to detect us like we could detect her. But she didn’t turn her head in our direction,
much to my relief. My wolf was careful to stay hidden in the shadows, using the pushes as a shield.
Her eyes remained trained on the black wolf, watching her every move. She was no longer moving; she was standing in the middle of the forest, sniffing around a tree. I realized she had clothes in her mouth that she carefully placed on the ground beside her as she continued her quick prowl. After a few minutes, she walked back around the large tree, her head high in the air as she let out a howl, as if she was alerting someone that she was there. She stared up at the night sky and continued to howl for another moment before she stopped.
I could feel my wolf’s confusion and then slight unease as she felt another presence approaching, though this presence was much further away, she knew it would take them no time to reach this location. A slight chill coursed through me, and I felt my wolf
nearly recoiling in on herself. I had to fight her to keep our wolf form, which wasn’t something that ever happened. I wasn’t ready to shift back though, and my wolf was adamant about not wanting to remain in this form any longer.
###Take 492
Chapter 492
Something stopped her from resisting me though; her eyes flashed over to the black wolf, and we watched as she shifted forms,
returning to her human state.
My jaw nearly hit the ground; Sammy stood in all her glory. She was completely naked and admittedly had a great body. Her hair was long and draped over her shoulders, covering her breasts.
She quickly grabbed her clothes off the ground and changed.
Sammy was the big black wolf that saved me?
How could that be? In her human form she was so small and yet her wolf was huge.
Sammy ran her fingers through her mess of hair and leaned against the tree, her arms folded across her chest. She was waiting
for someone, and they were just about to approach. My stomach was in a knot as I waited with bated breath.
It didn’t take long to see who she was waiting for. I heard some ruffling in a distance bush before someone emerged through the
darkness and stepped towards her. I inwardly gasped as my wolf shook with pent up nerves and heartache.
“Took you long enough,” Sammy said, rolling her eyes.
“I had to make sure I wasn’t being followed,” Ethan replied. “You have the pack in a frenzy. What was so important that you had
to’sneak away?”
“I don’t want to do this anymore…” she said softly, her eyes meeting his. “It’s wrong and I don’t want any part of it.”
“What are you talking about? We had a deal, Samantha,” he said through gritted teeth.
“And I’m telling you that I don’t want it anymore,” she replied. “I know you want to see her suffer, but she isn’t the enemy,
Ethan. Your attention should be on the Landry’s and not on Judy.”
“Shut the hell up!” Ethan growled, his fury evident, making he shudder. “You promised me you’d get me the information I
need!”
“And I tried but I was nearly caught. She caught me snooping around her room and we don’t even know if she has it!” Sammy
nearly shouted.
Had what?
I knew she was looking for something, but I wasn’t sure what it was. My chest was tight as I listened to them.
“Did you ever think that maybe she doesn’t have it?” She asked. “Maybe Alpha Landry didn’t offer her the spot in his Elite force.”
“Don’t be stupid, Samantha,” he muttered. “Of course he did.”
“Well, I didn’t see any type of company phone,” Sammy said. “Unless she had it on her at the time.”
A company phone?
So, that’s what they were after? But why?
“Try again… you need to get back there and look harder,” Ethan ordered.
“They will have me killed if I go back,” Sammy told him harshly. “I’m not going…”
Without warning, Ethan had her push against the tree, his body pinning hers.
“You aren’t going to back out of this,” he said through gritted teeth. “And if you do… you won’t be my Luna.”
My heart shattered at his words and my wolf let out an involuntary whimper. Thankfully, the sound was muffled by Ethan’s low
growl. Sammy swallowed; I thought she’d be afraid… but she wasn’t. instead, something flashed in her eyes, and she looked
almost… turned on.
She ran her fingers through his hair and smirked.
“It’s cute that you think you have that much power,” she murmured. “Are you forgetting who my father is?”
This was a side of her I never expected to see.
It shocked me even more when she whispered something into his ear and then brushed her lips across his.
###Take 493
Chapter 493
Gavin’s POV
+20 Bonus
It was almost like her scent had vanished from pack property. We were able to track her to the forest line, but then suddenly it
was gone completely. Though, I thought I smelled a bit of Ethan as well which wasn’t surprising. If they were in cahoots with one another, it meant Sammy couldn’t be trusted and I needed to get rid of them both from my pack.
I couldn’t exactly kill Sammy because she was the offspring of a powerful Lycan. Killing her would only start a war that we
weren’t prepared for. Too many lives at stake to risk it. Ethan on the other hand, I wasn’t entirely sure what his deal is. I would
like more than anything to kill him, but if I my suspicions are true, he’s switching his alliance to Levi Churchill and if I killed him,
that could also start a war.
I prowled the edge of the forest, where we lost Sammy’s scent. I remained in my human form, sniffing the air and trying to get a
hint of that scent, but instead, I smelled something else. A calm and flowery scent that made my wolf’s ears perk deep within me.
I turned my head just in time to see Judy’s small wolf breaking through the clearing of the forest. My brows furrowed at her hurried pace. I could practically see the pain etched in her eyes and her aura had darkened drastically since the last time I saw her in her wolf form. It was clear to me that something had happened that seriously hurt her wolf and suddenly, my protective
instincts had flared.
My own wolf surged forward, wanting to shift and go to her. I pulled him back, not sure why the sudden reaction he had towards
seeing her distressed wolf form.
Without much though, I ran towards her, my wolf itching to be released but I remained in my wolf form. Her eyes darted to me,
and I swear saw a hint of relief in them as she ran straight towards me, her strides quickening.
I knelt to the ground, opening my arms for her run into them. She wasted no time, her wolf form colliding with my human form. My arms enclosed around her; it still amazed me how small she was, and yet I knew what she was capable of. She might be a runt,
but she was strong and fast.
I ran my fingers through her fur, trying to soothe her wolf who was trembling.
“Shift,” I ordered. “Please, shift…”
Her wolf still trembled, a small whimper escaping her lips. I held her closer, trying to convince her to shift into her human form
and just as she started to shift back, her entire body went limp.
My heart stopped, she completely shifted back into her human form, her body going limp against my body.
“Shit,” I cursed as I cradled her in my arms.
I immediately checked her pulse and found it still beating, though her breathing was shallow.
“Alpha?” I heard Derek rushing towards us.
1/3
Chapter 493
Immediately my head whipped around to glare at him, a snarl on his lips as my wolf’s protective instincts on fire. He and I were in full agreement; we didn’t want anyone to see Judy like this… not while she was completely naked. Seeing the glow in my eyes from my wolf, Derek’s tracks slowed, and his eyes grew wide.
“Get a blanket from the car,” I ordered, my Alpha aura penetrating the air.
Derek nodded and without hesitation, he turned and ran towards the direction of the car. I held Judy even tighter, my face nuzzling her neck, taking in her sweet scent, trying to calm myself and my wolf. She looked peaceful, though there was a slight crease between her brows. I rubbed her forehead with my thumb, trying to soothe her.
Whatever happened seriously had her and her wolf shook and I wasn’t going to stop until I found out what it was.
Derek returned moments later with a blanket. I snatched it from him, snarling at him to avert his eyes and back off. I didn’t need to use words for him to know what I wanted, and he quickly turned his back.
I wrapped Judy in the blanket and stood to my feet with her still in my arms, holding her to my chest.
“Join Beta Taylor and the others. Search the forest,” I ordered Derek. “I’m taking her back to the villa.”
“Yes, Alpha,” he said before he hurried towards the tree line.
I went towards one of the waiting cars; my driver, Leroy, quickly got out and opened the back door. I nodded at him as I slid into the seat, still cradling Judy.
“Take us back to the villa,” I demanded, my tone etched with worry.
“Yes, Alpha,” he replied, shutting the door before rounding the car and getting into the driver’s seat.
Once we returned to the villa, I took Judy up to my bedroom and laid her on the bed. I sat beside her, running my fingers through
her hair. Her face had gone pale and my heart lurched at the sight. I worried about what had happened out there and what caused her to become like this.
###Take 494
Chapter 494
I thought about calling Dr. Pierce to have her take a look at her, but Judy soon stirred, giving me a sliver of hope that se was coming to. Though, the waiting didn’t end there. She continued to sleep and made small noises for the next few hours. I put a warm cloth over her face and continued to keep monitor of her until she finally opened her eyes.
“Don’t try to move,” I told her, running my hand down the side of her face. “You passed out.
She blinked for a moment, seemingly confused. Her brows furrowed as she glanced around the room, trying to grasp her
surroundings.
“How did I get here?” She asked, her tone coming out as a whisper. “Last I remember, I was in the forest.”
It made sense; I assumed Judy had passed out while in wolf form and it was her wolf hat kept conscious, getting herself and Judy
out of the forest.
“You passed out,” I told her. “Your human form must have passed out while in human form. Thankfully your wolf was able to
bring you back in one peace.”
She sighed as her eyes flashed with the memory; they clouded over, and my heart twisted.
“Judy, tell me what happened in the forest,” I said softly. “What spooked you and your wolf so bad.”
She sat up, her eyes flashing with the memory.
“I found Sammy,” she said, her eyes meeting mine. “She was talking to Ethan in the forest. I thought… I thought she could be
trusted. I came here to see her earlier in the day and-”
“You spoke to her today?” I asked, my eyes narrowed. “While she was in lockdown?”
She bit her lip and nodded once.
“Yes…” she replied gently. “I wanted to know if our friendship was a lie or not. It was killing me not knowing. She told me that
Ethan switched is alliance to her father and that’s why she was speaking to him. That there was nothing more to it…”
“So, I was right,” I murmured, more to myself than to her.
“I believed her…” Judy whispered. “But then I saw her wolf in the forest… the same wolf that saved me during the competition.”
I nodded; already finding that information out earlier.
“Go on,” I urged her gently.
“And then I saw them talking in the forest. Ethan thought that I had some kind of company phone… I guess being a part of your Elite Force meant I’d have some type of phone.”
My blood boiled; I knew what would happen the second I made Judy a part of the Elite Force, which is why I hadn’t offered it to
her yet. Each member of the force gets a company phone for emergencies and business–related tasks. These phones hold intimate
1/4
details of the Landry Franchise, which is information they are meant to protect. The force is responsible for keeping outsiders
away from this information and keeping the company safe.
I should have known that someone would try and get their hands on that information through Judy. Tahnkfully, she doesn’t have
a phone yet because I didn’t make her a part of the force. I wasn’t planning on it until the threat on my company is figured out.
“She told him she didn’t want any part of it anymore,” Judy continued, her mind replaying what had happened. “He told her he
wouldn’t make her his Luna if she didn’t do as he said, and she reminded him who her father was. Then… they started to kiss and
rip each other’s clothes off.
“”
My heart lurched at her words; so, they were having a relationship? I should have figured that one out myself.
“I’m not sure what happened after that… it all goes blank,” she admitted peeking up at me.
I assumed that’s when Judy’s human form passed out within her wolf form and her wolf got them the hell out of there. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her impossibly close and wishing I could protect her from what she had already seen and what she was feeling. I felt her body relaxing against mine and a smile tugged at my lips knowing I had a calming effect on her like she had
one on me.
“It’ll be okay,” I assured her. “Just leave everything to me.
“)
“I feel so stupid,” she whispered as tears filled her yes. “I trusted her…”
I kissed the top of her head and took a deep breath.
“And now I need you to trust me,” I whispered.
I grabbed my phone and dialed Taylors number. There was a chance he was still in wolf form, hunting for Sammy and Ethan.
But he soon answered the phone.
“Alpha,” he greeted.
“Any luck on finding them?” I asked.
“Derek mindlinked me and said they caught sight of them on the run,” Taylor said. “I’m heading in that direction now.”
I nodded, though he couldn’t see me.
“Keep me updated,” I told him. “Once you capture them, I want them both banished. Ethan Cash and Sammy Churchill aren’t to
step foot on my territory ever again.”
###Take 495
Chapter 495 
Judy’s POV
I wanted to leave, despite Gavin’s protests. I didn’t want to go home though. So, after a back and forth, he decided to bring me to
the mansion. Now that Sammy and Ethan had been caught, he figured it was safe enough for me to return to the mansion and
stay with Irene.
She was overly thrilled to see me.
On our way, I texted Nan and gave her a briefing of what happened, so I wasn’t surprised when she met me there and wrapped me
in her arms. I was majorly confused about the events of today and my wolf’s reaction to Ethan and Sammy. She felt betrayed all
over again, not just by our mate this time, but someone she thought was a friend. Her instincts were usually better than that, but
in this case, we were wrong about being able to trust her.
I felt manipulated and lied to and all I really wanted to do was curl up on the couch with a couple of people I knew I could trust
and vent about it.
Gavin didn’t want to leave me at first, but after he saw that I was surrounded by friends, he relaxed.
“I’m a phone call away if you need anything,” he tells me, his voice was kept gentle.
As he left, I couldn’t help but stare after him. I was a bit confused about what our relationship was now. I didn’t get why he’s been
so tentative with me, and I wondered if it’s because he was feeling the same way I was feeling. I knew at the start that Gavin
Landry doesn’t‘ do relationships. At least not since the passing of his wife, Irene’s mother. I knew what I was getting into, and I
had to respect that, but when he treated me like this… like I was made out of glass and he had to protect me, it was hard for me to
remember those boundaries. 3 
“So, Sammy was the villain this whole time?” Irene asked, a frown marring her lips as she cradled Emalyn. She looked
comfortable with the baby in her arms and the baby looked even more comfortable and content in Irene’s arms. 
“Apparently,” I murmur.
“So, what exactly was she looking for? You only mentioned that Ethan wanted her to find something that you don’t even have,”
Nan said, her brows furrowed.
I nodded in response.
“Yeah, apparently when you get signed on as a member of the Elite Force, you get a company phone,” I said thoughtfully.
Irene’s eyes grew wide.
“Yes, all the Gammas in the Silver Crescent pack have them,” she explained. “It holds top secret information concerning the company. Information that has to be protected at all costs and it’s the Elite Force that’s in charge of protecting those secrets.
Access to that phone could mean the downfall of the Landry Franchise.”
1/3
Chapter 495
+15 Bonus 
My heart weighed heavily as I listened to Irene’s explanation. Now it was making sense as to why they were so desperate for that
phone and why she was snooping through my things. They automatically assumed that Gavin offered me a position on the team
and that I would have accepted.
I felt sick to my stomach at the very thought of them using me like that. I wrapped my arms around my body, trying to hold
myself together as I thought about what had happened.
“They were in a relationship,” I murmured, which was something I hadn’t told to either of them yet.
Nan nearly choked on her drink and Irene almost dropped the baby; thankfully she didn’t… but it was a close call.
“What” They both gasped.
“What do you mean they were in a relationship?” Nan asked, her brows furrowed; Irene was too stunned to speak.
“I mean I saw them kissing,” I murmured. “He mentioned making her his Luna and she batted her lashes, swayed her hips, put him in his place because he seemed to have forgotten who he was speaking to, and then he pressed her to a tree and kissed her
passionately.”
Irene looked pale as she stared at the baby, a grim expression marring her perfect features.
“How many women does he need to have?” She whispered, her tone trembling slightly. “Does he plan to get her pregnant too?”
“The important thing is that Ethan switched his alliance to Levi,” I told her. “Which means he can and will be banned from your father’s territory, despite the fact that his family are the Betas of Redmoon.”
“So, if Ethan is banished, then who’s going to be the next Alpha of Redmoon?” Nan asked. “Gavin already has a ton of
responsibilities and he’s currently th 
D
Comments
acting Alpha of our pack.” 
###Take 496
Chapter 496
+15 Bonus
It was true, the Silver Crescent pack and the Redmoon pack have kind of merged into one pack with Gavin being the Alpha. It’ll be
that way until the Redmoon is appointed an Alpha. I do feel better though knowing Ethan is out of the running.
“Now that Sammy is no longer a factor, will my father let you move back in?” Irene asked. “I could use some extra help with this
baby. I mean Gamma Erik has been helpful… but I need another girl for assistance.”
“What about the maids?” I asked.
She rolled her eyes at the idea before her eyes were fixed on me.
“They are usless unless it’s about housework. They don’t know a thing about babies. They are just as clueless as I am,” she
murmured.
“Well, I’ll be happy to help whenever I’m here,” Nan said with a shrug. “I don’t mind.”
“I can help too. I don’t know if moving in is a good idea right now, but I’ll definitely be around to help you too, Irene. You aren’t
expected to take care of his baby by yourself. You shouldn’t be expected to take care of his baby at all. It wasn’t right for Stella to do this to you.” 
Irene nodded.
“My dad is trying to find someone to adopt her,” she said softly. “He told me this arrangement is temporary.”
I nodded, assuming as much. I doubted Gavin would want his daughter to be a single mother, hidden away in his mansion, with
her ex’s baby.
“Well, until that happens, we’ll be happy to help you,” I assured her.
She smiled thoughtfully as she looked between the two of us.
“I’ve never had a group of friends before,” she whispered, her eyes welling with tears. “I’m so thankful for you girls.” 
“Well, you got us,” Nan said, returning her smile. “For life.”
Third Person POV
“Alpha, your daughter is here.”
Leaning back in his seat, a scowl on his face, he nodded at his subordinate.
“Let her in,” he murmured, waiting as his daughter stepped into the office, her eyes downcast, already knowing the reprimand she was about to receive. She didn’t bother saying anything, knowing he would speak when he was ready. “You’ve disappointed me, Samantha. You failed in your mission.”
1/3
Chapter 496
+15 Bonus
“I’m sorry, Father…” Sammy murmured, tears welling in her eyes. “I’m not cut out for this kind of assignment. You should have
given the assignment to Chrissy.”
“Chrissy doesn’t make friends as well as you do,” Levi muttered, thinking about his oldest daughter. She was popular and had
plenty of friends, but she gets them by being ruthless and unstoppable. She flaunts her money around as if it was a part of her personality. That’s not someone Judy Montague would want to be friends with. Samantha on the other hand had a kindness to
her; she was humble and had a lighter aura. She was someone that Judy would trust without a second thought.
“I ruined the friendship…” Sammy said, nibbling on her lower lip. “She will never speak to me again.”
Just then, a woman walked into the office; her piercing eyes penetrating through Levi and a smirk decorated his handsome
features. He holds his arms out to her, and she goes to him almost immediately, sitting her figure on his lap. Sammy had seen her
before and knew that she was his father’s mistress. 
“Lila darling, I might be using you again after all,” he told the woman, nuzzling his face in her neck, peppering a kiss where he
plans to one day mark her. A shiver ran through her spine
nd her perfectly plump lips tipped upward into a smile.
“Anything,” she told him.
It made him grin, knowing he could make her do whatever she wanted.
“The first plan to get the information didn’t work,” Levi explained to her, his eyes darting to Sammy. Her cheeks burned as she
stared a the ground, shame crossing over her features. “But that wasn’t the only plan. My second plan is to get Judy out of his
pack and make her switch allegiance. She had become Gavin’s weakness, removing her from Gavin’s life will leave an opening for
an attack on his business. There will be mistakes made, and I’ll be there to unlock his deepest secrets.”
The woman, Lila, chuckled.
“I’m happy to do my part,” she purred, leaning down to brush her lips across his. “Give me some time and I’ll have her packing
her bags in no time.”
###Take 497
Chapter 497
Judy’s POV
After how I spoke to my father and how hurt my mother was when I left, the last place I wanted to be right now was home. Nan went to spend the evening with Chester, leaving Irene and me alone with the baby. I already made the decision to spend the night and then figure out the rest in the morning.
“She’s been a good sleeper,” Irene told me as she cradled the baby, rocking her back and forth. “I’m actually surprised by it. Aren’t newborn babies supposed to cry more?”
I smiled.
“You must be doing something right,” I told her.
The baby was adorable, I hated to admit that considering she was the offspring of Ethan Cash. But she was also so innocent, and
she didn’t ask to have that monster as a father.
Irene smiled thoughtfully; her eyes fixed on the baby’s face.
“She doesn’t look like him,” Irene said softly. “Maybe some of her features look like him… but she looks more like Stella hand
anything.”
“That’s a good thing,” I said with a light laugh.
I lean back on the couch as Irene continues to rock the baby until she’s completely asleep. After a few minutes she stands and
takes a deep breath.
“I’ll be back,” she tells me. “I’m going to put her down in her crib.”
Gavin had some of the maids go out and buy a bunch of baby supplies; they pretty much created an entire nursery in the mansion. Which was crazy because this was only a temporary arrangement. There was no way Gavin was going to let Irene have his baby forever. He was going to find a family to adopt her, feeling Irene from the burden of this motherhood.
As Irene went to put Emalyn down to sleep, I wandered into the kitchen. It was quiet without the bustling of staff wandering around. I knew Chester was most likely in his room at this hour, with Nan wrapped around him.
I went to the wine pantry and poured a couple of glasses of wine. I certainly needed a drink this evening to get my mind off things.
I was emotionally and mentally exhausted and I just needed to have a little girl time. I needed to talk to Irene about some stuff,
but I wasn’t really sure how to bring it up.
It wasn’t my place to tell her that I was secretly having sex with her father. But she was also my friend, and I didn’t want to keep lying to her about this, especially because I needed someone else to talk to about it.
What I wasn’t expecting was for the question Irene would ask as she returned ot the living room.
She smiled when she saw that I got her a glass of wine. She picked up the glass as she sat on the love seat and took a deep sip,
letting out a breath.
“I hadn’t had a drink if days,” she with a content sigh. “I hadn’t been able to with this baby attached to my hip.”
I took a sip as well, my mind wandering. I was so lost in my own world that I didn’t notice Irene watching me carefully from the couch in front of me. Her eyes were narrowed, and her face showed almost curiosity as she tilted her head and took a better look
at me.
“Can I ask you something?” She asked me, drawing my attention to her.
“Of course,” I answered without missing a beat. “Everything okay?”
She nodded and nibbled on her lower lip; now it seemed as if her mind was racing. I furrowed my brows, waiting for her to ask her
question.
She finally looked at me and she took a deep breath.
“Are you in love with my father?”
I nearly dropped the wine on the ground at her candid question.
“I’m sorry, what?” I asked her, my voice coming out almost hoarse.
She gave me a sheepish smile before she asked again.
“Are you in love with my father?” She asked again. “I know it’s not really any of my business… but I mean, he is my father, and I do have a right to know. He’d never tell me if he was having a relationship with somebody, so that’s why I’m asking you and not him. You’ve become one of my best friends, Judy, and I would like it if you were honest with me about your true feelings.”
My cheeks flushed at her words, and I found myself staring at the glass of wine, wishing I could shrink myself and drown in it.
“What makes you think I love him?” I asked my tone much lower than expected.
She shrugged one shoulder, leaning back in her seat.
“It’s the ay you look at him when he’s around,” she tells me. “The way you are always with him. Even the way your face lights up and your cheeks flush when he’s brought up in conversation,” she pointed to my face, and I knew that she could see my very
emotions embedded on it.
There was no lying to her; I was a terribly liar… plus, I just didn’t want to. I was exhausted holding onto this secret for so long and
it was time that I came clean.
###Take 498
Chapter 498
“Yes,” I whispered softly. My wolf’s ears perked at my admission. This was the first time I was admitting out loud that I was in
love with Gavin Landry. “I love him.”
Irene’s eyes grew wide, not expecting that I would spill my secret so easily.
“No shit?” She asked, her eyes even wider as she took in my serious expression. “You’re in love with my father…”
“I know it’s weird,” I went on to say, not wanting her to get the wrong idea. “But it’s clear that he doesn’t feel the same way
about me, so I don’t think you have to worry about anything.”
“It would be weird to have a stepmom be the same age as me,” Irene said, capturing her lower lip between her teeth. “It would be weird for him to date someone the same age as his daughter. Society wouldn’t accept it.”
I nodded, a knot forming in the pit of my belly.
“That’s why I’m never going to pursue it,” I assure her. “Gavin and I might have some fun… but that’s all it’ll ever be.”
She sucked in a sharp breath, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment.
“You’ve slept with him?” She asked.
My eyes grew wide.
“What makes you say that?” I asked, trying to mask my horror.
“You said you two like to have fun,” she reminded me. “Plus, it’s all over your face.”
I covered my face with my hands after setting the wine glass down on the coffee table. A groan escaping my lips. She set her own
glass down as well and studied me for a long while, neither of saying anything.
“It just kind of happened,” I admit. “This was not how I wanted you to find out.”
“So, those articles I was reading earlier. The one where pictures of you two kissing were posted… they were true? Not
photoshop?”
I shook my head.
“Not photoshop,” I agree.
“Why didn’t you ever tell me?” She asked, tears filling down her cheeks. “I thought we were friends and could ell each other
everything.”
I nibbled on my lower lip.
“It was too new and too soon,” I told her. “And then you stopped talking to me because of the whole Ethan thing. Plus, I had no
idea how to bring up the fact that I’ve been sleeping with your father. It was awkward for me, but I never meant to make you feel
1/4
Chapter 498
disincluded in anyway, Irene.”
She was quiet for a long while, processing my words.
“My father hasn’t had a serious girlfriend in years,” she murmured. “After my mom died, there was this one woman that I thought he was going to marry.”
I raised my gaze and looked at her, confused. I hadn’t heard this story. As far as I knew, he hadn’t had anyone serious in his life since his late wife. So, who was this woman that Irene was speaking about?
“What woman?” I asked.
Irene shrugged casually.
“Her name was Rachel,” Irene explained. “You know how my aunt Cassie is in the mental hospital… Matt’s mom?” I nodded as a response, my throat feeling dry. “Well, Rachel was her nurse once a upon a time.”
“Her nurse?” I asked.
Irene nodded.
“Yeah, before Aunt Cassie took off with Matt, while she was still pregnant and under the care and protection of my father, he hired a nurse from the pack hospital to help take care of her during her pregnancy. It ended up being Rachel, which is how she and my father got so close. They were always together, taking care of Aunt Cassie and making sure she had a healthy delivery. They were practically inseparable. I had never seen him like that before… I heard he was like that with my mother, but she died giving birth to me, so I never actually saw them together. But I saw my father smiling for the first time in years whenever Rachel
was around.”
My stomach turned into a fist of unease; I hated hearing about this, but I couldn’t seem to stop. I wanted to know more about this
Rachel girl.
“And then Aunt Cassie disappeared and it devasted them and the entire pack. After a year, they finally found her and Rachel was
appointed her main nurse during her recovery. Even when she went to the mental hospital, Rachel was still there to take care of
her. I think my father was finally planning to propose to Rachel… their relationship only grew stronger during all of this, and I
saw a wedding ring in his nightstand once with Rachel’s name engraved.”
My wolf whimpered at the sound of that; my heart shattered into a million pieces.
“Did he… propose?” I asked, my voice feeling hallow and unfamiliar.
Irene’s face grew sad and then she shook her head.
“Rachel got into a car accident one evening while she was on her way to the villa,” she said softly. “And she didn’t make it.”
I sucked in a sharp breath.
“She died?”
Irene nodded, her eyes finding mine.
“After that, my father was closed off. He told himself he was never going to fall in love again because they always die on him. He
hadn’t been the same…”
###Take 499
Judy’s POV
+30 Bonus
The thought of Gavin with another woman physically hurt. The thought that he was so in love with her that he was planning on
proposing, nearly destroyed me. My wolf’s reaction came out of nowhere; I had to restrain her as she pushed forward, wanting to go for a run to release some of this pent–up tension. The reaction was confusing for her as well and she didn’t know how to
respond to the fact that Gavin was once in love with someone else.
My stomach ached at the very thought, and I had to take steady deep breaths to calm myself and my wolf.
Irene studied me for a long while, trying to figure out how I was feeling and gauging my reaction.
“That was a long time ago though,” she told me, trying to sound reassuring. “He’s different ow. He’s almost back to being that
happy self again. Even Matt’s noticed it and we know it’s because of you, Judy.”
I looked at her, frowning. I wasn’t sure what to say to that; my mind was still wrapping around the thought of Gavin with another
woman, loving her… proposing to her… losing her.
He must have been so heartbroken.
I wonder if he would talk to me about her if I asked… then again, was it my place o ask him anything?
Irene reached over and took a hold of my hand.
“I wasn’t telling you this so you can doubt yourself, I’m telling you this, so you know that if he doesn’t‘ warm up to you right
away, it’s not your fault. It’s not that he doesn’t care… or won’t ever fall in love again, it’s just that he’s afraid to fall in love.
Everyone he fell in love with eventually dies. He probably thinks he’s cursed or something.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat as I met her eyes.
“Is he cursed?” I asked.
She let out a laugh and shook her head.
“No, of course not,” she assured me. “My father is just very typical. But I can tell he cares about you, even if you can’t tell.”
“You think so?” I asked, hating the vulnerability in my tone, but I needed to know. Was there a chance for Gavin and me? And
would she be okay with it if there was. 
“Yes,” she replies. “I think there’s real potential between you two. You could be the woman that knocks him off his feet and
makes him fall in love all over again.”
This time, it was my turn to let out a laugh.
“And you’d be okay with that?” I asked her, raising my brows.
She thought about it for a moment and then she shrugged, giving me a sly smile.
1/3
Chapter 499
+30 Bonus
“I mean, I wouldn’t love losing a bet to Matt,” she teased. “But I think I’ll be okay with you and my father living happily ever
after. But I will never call you mom.” She crinkled her nose at the very thought. “That would be way too weird.”
I laughed even louder this time.
“Don’t worry; I agree. I’d never call you mom. Way too weird,” she told her, making her laugh as well.
She stands and joins me on the couch, wrapping her arms around me and hugging me close.
“I’m so glad we had this talk. I think it was long overdue. I could see the tension between you and my father for so long and I
knew it was only a matter of time before it eas brought up,” she told me, resting her head on my shoulder.
“So, you’re giving us your blessing then?” I asked with a smile.
She nodded.
“Yes, I am… As would Matt if he knew,” she said, her tone growing a bit sad at the very thought of Mathew. “Do you think he’ll
ever not hate me?”
I rest my head on top of her head.
“He doesn’t hate you, Irene,” I assured her. “He’ll be okay. Once his wolf calms down, he’ll come back to you, and you’ll resume
your brother and sister relationship as usual. It won’t last forever.”
“I hope not,” she whispered. “What I did was awful… I could have killed him, and I was the reason one of the maids was banished
and most likely killed by a rogue. I’m not a good person.”
“Just because you did a bad thing, doesn’t mean you are a bad person,” I told her. “We all make mistakes.”
“Mine cost lives… and it almost cost the most important life in my life… my brother.”
I loved that, despite Matt not being her biological brother, Irene still thought of him as a brother.
“But he’s alive and that’s all that matters. That’s all we should be focusing on.”
She was quiet for another moment as she processed my words before she nodded slowly.
###Take 500
Chapter 500 
“I guess so,” she whispered. “I just hope he’ll one day see it that way too and I can return home.”
That was another reason she had to stay in this mansion; she couldn’t be around matt right now without his wolf going insane
and trying to rip her throat out for betraying them. She nearly tried to kill him just to get rid of me and that was something Matt’s
wolf wasn’t going to forget. But maybe one day he’ll be able to let it go and live in peace with her again.
One could only hope.
A knock on the door broke us from our thoughts. I frowned as I lifted my head and looked at Irne.
“Were you expecting someone?” I asked her.
She shook her head, wiping her eyes from the tears that escaped.
“No,” she replied.
I stood and went to the door; I glanced through the peep whole and the second I saw who it was, a big smile lit up my face. I pulled
the door open and opened my arms for Tabby to run into them.
“Hey!” she said, hugging me tightly. “Heard you were staying here tonight and thought I’d come join.”
“I almost forgot you were in town,” I admitted. “With everything going on this last day or so, my head is in a complete cloud.”
“I don’t blame you,” she told me. “I can’t believe what I’m hearing about Sammy. She was banished from the pack and forced to
return home to her father. I wonder if he’s going to be pissed.”
“I’m sure he will be,” I told her, guiding her into the house.
Just as I was about to shut the door, Chuck and Shirley appeared.
“Didn’t think we wouldn’t come too, did you?” Shirley asked as she walked into the mansion.
“What are you guys doing here?” I asked with a laugh as I shut the door behind them.
“We leave tomorrow to return to our pack,” Chuck explained. “Figured we’d stop by and spend one last night with you.”
I was grateful to them and glad that I got to see them. We went through the competition together; they were my friends for life
now. 
Irene’s eyes immediately went to chuck and her cheeks flushed at the sight of him. I made a mental note to ask her about that
later; it was obvious that there was something going on there. 
Chuck grinned at her as he went to the couch. Ignoring them, I turned to Tabby and Shirley.
“I’m really glad to have you here. I’m also grateful that you came when you did and warned me about Sammy. If it weren’t for
you, she’d probably still be here.”
1/4
Chapter 500
Tabby shrugged.
“I’m just glad we were able to help you,” she said thoughtfully. “I would hate to think you were in any kind of danger.”
+30 Bonus
“I just can’t believe Sammy was capable of doing something like that,” Shirley said, shaking her head. “She seemed so sweet at
the competition.”
I heard Irene giggling at something Chester said, and his grin only grew wide as he spoke to her; both keeping their tones low so
we couldn’t hear. I couldn’t help but smile at her; it was nice to see her with someone other than Ethan. Chuck seemed like a good
guy, and I doubt he would play her like Ethan had.
I made another mental note to ask Shirley and Tabby more about him later. I only knew him from the competition, but to them…
he was pack.
“So, where’s this baby I’ve been hearing about?” Tabby asked. “It’s all anyone talks about over at the villa.”
“Sleeping,” I told them.
I got each a glass of wine and caught them up on pretty much everything. After we were done talking, I noticed that Irene and
Chuck were gone.
My eyes widened as I looked around for any sign of them.
Shirley rolled her eyes, already knowing what was going on.
“What’s wrong?” I asked. “Where’d they go?”
“Most likely to her room,” Shirley said, shaking her head. “I swear the only reason he came here is for her.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
Tabby chuckled.
“Chuck is convinced that Irene is his mate,” she explained. “His wolf is going crazy over her, and he’s been wanting to see her again since the competition.”
“Weird… Irene didn’t mention anything about that. Wouldn’t she feel it too?” I asked.
“Maybe she just doesn’t know what it should feel like,” Tabby suggested. “I heard that happens sometimes.”
Just as I was about to ask more about that, the door opened and I turned around, my eyes wide when I saw Gavin walking into the room, his eyes darting around until they landed on me.
Oh hell…
How was I going to explain to him where his daughter was?
###Take 501
Chapter 501 
Gavin’s POV
When I got to the mansion, I wasn’t expecting to see guests. I scowled as I stared at Judy who looked like a deer caught in the
headlights. I could hear her heart pounding against her chest and her breathing picked up, like she was just caught red handed.
“Who gave you permission to have a party in my mansion,” I asked folding my arms across my chest. Of course, I wasn’t really
upset, but seeing her squirm was just too much fun. I knew she was here, and I wanted to ask her to join me for dinner tomorrow
evening. I also wanted to check on Irene and the baby while I was at it so I figured I’d stop by instead of calling. Though I was here
earlier in the day to drop Judy off, I didn’t stay long, nor did I really come inside.
“A party?” She asked, raising her brows as she glanced at Tabby and Shirley. “This is hardly a party.”
I realized there was one person missing from this get together; well, technically two, but I figured Nan was with her mate Chester
in his room.
“Where’s Irene?”
They all looked at one another and I could practically smell the tension radiating off them. it immediately put me on alert.
“Probably asleep,” Judy settled on.
I could tell immediately that she was lying; not only could I smell the lie, but she had obvious tells. Like the way she tugged at her
fingers or subtly licked the corner of her lip. I narrowed my eyes at her and was about to say something, but then I heard Irene’s
voice.
“Dad?” She asked, walking into the kitchen, Chuck trialing in behind her. Both of them looked disheveled and they reeked of sex.
A growl escaped my lips as I glared at Chuck, who paled immediately. “W… what are you doing here at this hour? It’s so late.”
“What is he doing here at this hour?” I countered, my eyes never leaving Chuck’s face.
I knew Chuck from past encounters; he was a competitor of the Gamma competition and was a fair fight. If Judy hadn’t won, it
would have been him. He was a fair gamma under Jeremy’s jurisdiction, but I didn’t know him personally, which worried me. The
last thing Irene needed was another Ethan situation. I knew what she was like when she was interested in a guy, and I didn’t like
it.
“We were just leaving,” Shirley said quickly. “Right, Chuck?”
“Uh…” he glanced at Irene, a blush tinting his cheeks. “Yes.”
Irene looked upset by him leaving, but I didn’t give a shit. I wanted him gone and I didn’t want him to come back. My wolf was
close to losing control but then in an instant, Judy put her hand on my back, her touch immediately soothing him back into my
control. Nobody has ever had that type of effect on my wolf before and it startled me. I whipped around to look at her, my eyes
wide for a moment, which seemed to jolt her.
1/4
Chapter 501
+20 Bonus
She looked into my eyes for a long moment, suddenly the rest of the room faded away.
“It was good to see you again, Judy,” Chuck said, breaking through the barrier Judy and I had created with just one touch and one
look.
Judy blinked, coming back to reality as well as she smiled at Chuck.
“It was good to see you too,” she replied.
Shirley and Tabby both gave her hugs; a small growl escaped me when Chuck tried to give her a hug as well; a growl I couldn’t
suppress. It made him stand down and rethink his next move.
After another round of goodbyes, they finally left.
I turned to Irene.
“I’m not having you stay here for you to invite men over,” I scolded, folding my arms over my chest. “Until I can find a family to adopt that baby, you are responsible.”
“I didn’t invite him over, Dad,” she said, rolling her eyes. “And no offence, but I am an adult. I can spend time with whoever I want.”
“You need to take some time for yourself. You’ve been put through the ringer with Ethan, and I don’t want to see that happen again.”
“What makes you think it would happen again?” She asked. “Chuck is a great guy and-”
“You don’t know him,” I said, cutting off her words. “You know nothing about him or what he’s capable of, Irene.”
“I’ve spoken to him a few times. We met at the competition…” Irene told me. “You should be happy that he’s a gamma and can properly protect me.”
“I don’t trust anyone I’ve barely met… especially not with my daughter.”
“I think maybe we should just end the conversation here,” Judy suggested, stepping between us, her stance almost protective. “It’s been a long day, and we are all tired.”
Irene nodded in agreement.
“Fine,” I said, relenting.
After another beat of silence, Irene said goodnight and then went to her room. I turned to Judy, my eyes narrowed.
###Take 502
Chapter 502 
“What happened between them?” I found myself asking.
Judy smirked and stepped closer to me.
“You are such a protective father,” she teased, wrapping her arms around my neck and pressing her body against mine. “It’s kind
of hot.”
She was deflecting my question and trying to distract me; just like how she lied to me earlier for Irene, she was trying to save Irene again. I should have been stronger than that and call her out on it, but I didn’t. Instead, I slammed my lips against hers and lifted her off the ground, forcing her legs around my waist.
“I’ll show you what’s hot,” he murmured against her lips as I carried her to her bedroom where I spent the remaining of the night just who dominates who.
The next morning, Judy wore only my shirt as she danced around the kitchen, cooking breakfast. I frowned as I entered, my sleep
pants hanging low on my waist..
“Why are you cooking? Where’s Chester?” I asked, running my fingers through my hair.
She smiled at me.
“I told him I had breakfast covered this morning. He wanted to take Nan out.”
I nodded as I walked up behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist. I enjoyed the sight of her in my clothes, cooking in my
kitchen. It was a sight I could get used to; a thought that came suddenly and made something stir low in my gut. I kissed the nape
of her neck from behind, making her shudder and lean her back against me.
“Go to dinner with me tonight,” I murmur against her skin.
I felt a smile tugging at the corner of her lips.
“Okay,” she whispered.
I gave her a gentle squeeze and peppered another kiss on the nape of her neck before pulling back.
“Then it’s settled,” I winked as I stole a piece of bacon from the pan and left the room, hearing her laughter echoing behind me.
I took Judy to the Carter Resort restaurant. Nan was working and was our waitress for the evening. Judy was dressed in a short white dress that rested just above her knees and dipped loosely between her cleavage, giving me a prime view. Her hair was down,
draped beautifully around her shoulders and she wore only a little makeup to highlight her features.
When she smiled at me across the table, my heart nearly stopped.
I swore off the thought of a real relationship. Having someone to call mine… another mate… falling in love, it didn’t seem as if it
1/4
Chapter 502
+20 Bonus
were in my cards. Those I fall in love with die and the thought of losing Judy broke my heart in a way that I couldn’t explain.
But at this moment, my guard was down as I stared at her from across the table. She was telling me a story about something that
happened to her that day, and it was making her laugh. She had a beautiful laugh; she looked so beautiful as she smiled.
She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, and I kept thinking that I wanted to be the one to tuck it behind her ear. I wanted to
touch her in one way or another.
“You seem lost in thought,” Judy pointed out, his brows raised. I realized she had stopped talking and I hadn’t said a word.
I opened my mouth to speak, but then Nan was at our table with the wine I ordered for us.
“Ready to order food?” She asked as she poured the wine into the glasses and then left the bottle.
We both ordered our meals and then Nan left to fill the orders, leaving us alone to talk.
“You are beautiful tonight,” I found myself saying.
Her cheeks flushed at the compliment.
“You don’t look so bad yourself,” she replied with a small smile.
I felt a sense of pride swelling in my chest, my lips tugging into a smile. We fell into a comfortable conversation, followed by comfortable silence, like this was the most natural thing in the world.
It didn’t take long for the food to arrive; being a Lycan had some perks. We got high priority no matter where we went; even in the place that was busy, which Carter’s Resort was always busy.
Midway through the meal, my phone rang. I wished I could have ignored it, but as the Alpha, I couldn’t. It could be an emergency.
I saw Beta Taylor appear on my screen.
“Yes?” I asked into the phone upon swiping the green answer button.
“Alpha, you need to return to your villa immediately,” he said, an urgency in his tone.
“I’m out to dinner with Judy,” I remind him; this was information he already knew.
“I know, Alpha, and I’m sorry to interrupt. But there is someone here I need to see,” he told me.
I furrowed my brows.
“Who is it? Does this really need to be dealt with right this minute?”
I met Judy’s eyes, and she was watching me with furrowed brows and a hint of worry in her gaze.
“Yes,” Taylor replied, breaking through my thoughts. “It’s Rachel.”
214
###Take 503
Chapter 503 
Judy’s POV
+15 Bonus 
I watched Gavin’s face go pale as he clutched the phone tightly. His eyes met mine, and I could see the turmoil, confusion, and
something else lingering in them. My heart squeezed at the sight of him like this.
After a long beat of silence, he finally cleared his throat.
“Can you have Gamma Erik come to the Carter Resort?” He asked into the phone. “I’ll be there shortly.” T
After another stretch of silence, he hung up, his eyes never leaving mine.
“I need to leave,” he announced, his tone sounding almost distant now as he scooted his chair away from the table and stood. I
watched him, confused. We were in the middle of a date; what did he mean that he had to leave? “Please, enjoy he rest of dinner.
Nan will put the bill on my tab. Erik will be here shortly to pick you up and bring you home.”
“Is everything okay?” I asked him, but I could barely get the question out before he turned and walked through the restaurant.
I stared at his retreating back until he was completely gone; my mind in a whirlwind of thoughts and my heart pounding
unsteadily against my chest.
He just ditched me on our date…
“What happened?” Nan asked, stepping beside me.
“I’m not sure,” I said softly, my eyes fixed on the closed door. “He left…”
“What?” She asked, her eyes wide as she stared at his hardly touched food. “Why?”
“He got a phone call and then he just… left,” I told her, my voice sounding unfamiliar and hollow as I spoke. I was so unbelievably
confused by what just happened. I couldn’t believe he just left me like this.
Who was on the other end of the phone? Was it Beta Taylor? Would he tell me what was going on?
“He barely ate,” Nan frowned. “Should I box it up?”
I shook my head.
“He never takes leftovers,” I whisper, feeling tears prick the corner of my eyes.
She shrugged and sat down in his place.
“Guess now is a good time to take my break then,” she teased as she started to nibble on his food. “I’m sure it’s nothing. Don’t
worry too much about it, Judy.”
“He has never left me like this before,” I whisper. “What if it’s something important…”
“Then it’s his problem and I’m sure he’ll explain himself later,” she told me, giving me a small smile. “Don’t worry too much
Mon: 1/3
Chapter 503
about it.”
Despite her words, I still worried deeply about it.
+15 Bonus
As promised, Erik came and picked me up. He brought me back home to my parents‘ house. My mom hugged me when she saw me, and my father apologized for his behavior over the last day or so. We hadn’t spoken since I yelled at them and stormed out, but it seemed we all reflected on it and felt equally guilty. I didn’t want to remain mad at them, and they didn’t want to be those
overbearing and controlling parents, especially because I am an adult.
The next several days mixed together in a blur; the weekend came and went, and I still hadn’t heard a word from Gavin. Now it was Monday and Erik came to pick me up for school, Nan was with him because she spent the night with Cheser at the mansion and hitched a ride.
School was busy with students cramming for the upcoming exams. Everybody was worried about their final grades; this would make or break my future. We were preparing for graduation and these final exams determined whether or not we get a degree or not. I was beyond nervous and stressing… I wished I could talk to Gavin, but he hadn’t returned any of my texts.
I did try calling him last night after not hearing from him for a couple of days, but his phone appeared to be off, which was strange because he never turned that thing off. His phone was a part of who he was, and when it was off, it meant something serious was happening.
I sat in the student lounge with a mound of books, trying to cram as much as I could. Nan sat beside me, also cramming for her upcoming exams.
Lukas walks by and when his eyes find mine, he quickly averts his attention and starts towards the exit. I pressed my lips together and stood up, chasing after him.
“Lukas, hold on a second,” I said, grabbing his arm to stop him. “Can you at least talk to me?”
“I can’t, Judy… I’m sorry,” he said, still keeping his eyes averted. “My parents should have sent you the last of the payment already for your services.”
“It’s not about the money
“We were…” he admitted. “Until Gavin Landry got to me. We can’t be friends, Judy. I’m sorry, but I have a scholarship to maintain. I still have another year of school before I can officially graduate, and I can’t fuck it up now.”
###Take 504
Chapter 504
“It’s not fair that you are letting him dictate your lie like that. How can you scare so easily, having Lycan blood?” I asked him,
narrowing my eyes.
“It’s because I have Lycan blood that makes it scary. I was on another Lycan’s territory. There are laws…”
“It’s my fault for not telling you in the first place,” I told him, guilt washing over me. “I will take he hit for that. If I need to speak
to your uncle-”
“No,” he said quickly. “It’s not that simple. I should have been able to detect that it was his territory. It’s not your fault, so please
don’t say anything to my uncle. It would only make things worse.”
“It’s not fair that we can’t be friends,” I told him.
He was chewing on the corner of his lip for a moment, his eyes downcast.
“Maybe if you weren’t sleeping with him,” he murmured.
My cheeks flushed at the accusation, though I knew he was right. It was because I was sleeping with Gavin that made him so
possessive over my male friendships. All Alphas were possessive like that, but Gavin was extra possessive. At least he was… now it
seemed like he won’t talk to me, and I hated feeling ignored.
Lukas finally glanced at my face and noticed the sorrowful expression… he also noticed slight unease and sadness were lingering in my gaze, and he misinterpreted it as him going too far.
“I’m sorry,” He said softly. “I didn’t mean it like that. I just wish things could have been different.” 
Without another word, he turned and left, leaving me alone with my thoughts and aching heart. I wish things could have been
different, too.
Gavin usually picked me up from school on the nights that I had to tutor Matt, but instead of it being Gavin, I was surprised to see Beta Taylor.
Matt was also in the backseat of the car with his backpack pressed against his chest. He gave me a small smile as I slid into the
seat.
“Hi,” I said to him, and then turned to Taylor, who was watching me with a wary expression. “I wasn’t expecting this.”
He nodded. 
“I was told to bring you home. Master Matthew will be joining you at your family home for tonight’s tutoring session.”
My heart sank.
“Am I not allowed at the Villa?” I asked him, daring myself to get answers.
He was quiet for a moment as he put the car in the drive and drove away from the school. I could tell he was trying to figure out
1/3
Chapter 504
how to tell me something, and my heart hammered against my chest until he spoke again.
“It’s just better this way,” he finally murmured.
+15 Bonus
I wasn’t sure what that meant, and I wanted to press the issue even further, but something about his expression silenced me.
Matt was oddly quiet as well, which was unusual. He’s usually talking my ear off by now, but the drive to my home was eerily
quiet, and I didn’t like it.
After Taylor dropped us off, promising to pick Matt up in a couple of hours, Matt and I went into the living room of my home. My parents weren’t home, so it made for a quiet session.
“Judy, can I ask you something?” Matt finally asked, breaking through the silent tension.
“Of course,” I told him, wondering what it was he had to ask.
“Do you still kike my dad?”
I frowned at his question, not sure where it was coming from.
“I’m not sure what you mean?” I told him honestly, keeping my eyes on his face.
He wasn’t looking at me, which gave me a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. He nibbled on his lower lip for a long while,
trying to rephrase his question.
“Are you still… uh… friends?” He asked.
I raised my brows, not sure how to answer his question.
“Yeah,” I told him. “We are…” After another beat of silence, I asked, “Why do you ask, Matt?”
He blushed, which was unusual, and then he just shrugged.
“I might be almost 8… but I thought I had good perception,” he admitted. “But I think I was wrong about something.‘
>>
Before I could ask what he was talking about, Beta Taylor returned to pick him up. Matt hugged me, lingering a bit longer than
usual, like he was afraid I’d disappear if he let go.
“I’ll see you later, Judy,” he said softly before he turned and left with Taylor.
I knew now more than ever that something weird was going on… and I had a feeling it involved Gavin. 1
###Take 505
Chapter 505 
+15 Bonus
Judy’s POV
“You look as if you haven’t slept in days,” Nan points out as I join her in the coffee shop near the school campus. I felt gross; I
didn’t bother showering and knew I had dark circles under my eyes.
“I haven’t,” I admitted. “Not since my date with Gavin.”
“You still haven’t heard from him?”
I shook my head.
“I texted him last night after Matt left, but he hasn’t even opened it. His phone’s been off…” I told her.
“That’s odd,” she said. “Maybe you are right… Maybe something happened. Did you talk to Beta Taylor?”
“He won’t tell me anything. He gets weird when I bring up Gavin,” I told her, my heart pounding in my chest.
“Has Matthew said anything?”
I thought back to my conversation with Matt last night.
“He asked me if I still liked his father,” I told her. “Like if we were still friends… then he mentioned something about his perception being wrong. He didn’t get to finish his thought, though, because Taylor came to pick him up.”
“I wonder what he meant by that,” Nan said thoughtfully.
I took a sip of my coffee, my hands trembling as I brought the cup to my lips.
“I don’t know, Nan… I don’t know what to think. Is he ghosting me? Did he decide he wanted nothing to do with me during the
date?”
“Judy, I don’t think that’s the case,” Nan said gently. “You didn’t see the way he was looking at you. That man was falling in love
with you.” 
I blinked as I looked at her.
“Falling in love with me?” I asked.
She nodded.
“The
way 
he was looking at you, Judy. It was a look I had never seen before, not even with Chester. Ethan had never looked at you
like that before. This was different…” 
“I don’t know what to think anymore,” I admit, nibbling on my lower lip. The anxiety was bubbling inside of me, and I hated the feeling. I took another sip of the coffee and sighed as I leaned back on my booth.
“Well, how about we don’t think about it?” she told me. “We are graduating soon, Judy. This is huge. We have to focus on our
1/4
Chapter 505
+15 Bonus
finals… not men with poor communication skills.” 1
I nodded, knowing she was right. This could make or break my future. I knew that I had already secured a spot in the Elite Force
because I had won the Gamma Competition, but having a degree would mean the world to me, and it would open the doors to
other opportunities.
After we left the coffee shop, we walked to the campus. We spent some time studying in the student lounge before we had to go to
our classes.
Lukas was already in class when I got there. I took my seat beside him and got my notes ready. He was trying hard to pretend I
wasn’t seated right next to him, which aggravated me.
“Eventually, you’ll have to stop acting like I don’t exist,” I told him. “We are classmates, Lukas.” 
“We are classmates, not friends,” he replied simply, his eyes fixed on his own notes as he prepared them for class.
It annoyed me that he wouldn’t even give me the time of day. He was so worried about getting on Gavin’s bad side, and Gavin
probably wouldn’t even notice if he did talk to me or not. It’s not like Gavin was talking to me anyway.
My stomach knotted at the thought.
As class started, my mind went into focus mode. I pushed all thoughts of Gavin to the back burner and tried to make the most out
of my class time. By the time class was over, my brain was feeling utterly fried.
“Judy, Dean Griffin wanted to speak with you in her office,” Professor Rivers told me.
I frowned, my heart pounding against my chest.
“Dean Griffin?” I asked. “Is everything okay?”
She shrugged her shoulders.
“I’m not entirely sure. But it’s best if you head there right now. I just got a phone call from her, and it sounded kind of urgent.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded.
“Okay, thank you.”
I made my way across the campus and towards the Dean’s office. Dean Griffin was new as of this year; the former Dean, the one who nominated me for the Gamma Competition, retired over the summer and was replaced by a new, younger dean. I’ve only seen glimpses of her before; she was pretty and looked extremely intimidating. I would be lying if I said I wasn’t nervous about meeting her for the first time, and even more so that she wants to speak to me in her office.
As I approached the faculty office, I used the elevator to reach the top floor. I stepped out of the elevator and walked over to the
receptionist’s desk.
Mrs. Connolly sat at the desk in her normal fashion, typing away on her computer. She had been the receptionist for years, and even in her old age, she refuses to retire. She’s so old, she can’t even shift into her wolf anymore.
2/4
Chapter 505
Her eyes lifted from her computer when she saw me, and a small smile played on her lips.
+
###Take 506
Chapter 506 
“Well, hello there, Judy,” she said, her pleasantries easing my mind slightly.
“Good morning, Mrs. Connolly,” I replied, stopping in front of her desk. “I heard Dean Griffin wanted to speak with me.”
She nodded and turned back to her computer; she typed something on the screen and then turned towards the little speaker box
on her desk.
“Dean Griffin, Judy is here to speak with you,” she said into the little mic.
The speaker crackled as Dean Griffin’s voice came through.
“Send her in.”
There was no emotion in her voice, and it made my stomach tighten into an even bigger knot.
Mrs. Connolly gave me a nod and motioned for the office door. I took a deep breath and opened the door, stepping inside. The office hadn’t changed much from when I was here last; there were the same modern decorations, with updated pictures of the new Dean’s family. She was a mother to what looked like a 3–year–old little girl and maybe an 8–year–old little boy. She was the wife of a Beta, which made her a female Beta. I knew little about her other than the fact that she was from the Whytecliff pack, a
neighboring pack of the Redmoon, which was run by Alpha Edmond.
Dean Griffin, first name Lila, was blonde with long hair that draped over her shoulders and glasses that covered most of her
young–looking face. She had a petite frame, and from the small amount of times I’ve seen her, I had never seen her smile.
I heard from others around the school that she never smiles.
“Take a seat, Judy,” she motions for one of the seats in front of her desk.
She didn’t bother looking at me; too focused on whatever was on her computer screen.
Tentatively, I took a seat, tugging my fingers nervously as I waited for her to speak. It took an eternity for her to say anything.
Eventually, she looked up at her, her pale blue eyes narrowing.
“I’ve heard a lot about you from your professors,” she informed me. “I’ve gone through all your records, and I must say, I’m
quite impressed with your performance.”
My heart stopped in my chest; was she complimenting me?
“Thank you, Dean Griffin,” I said, grateful for her words.
“It seems you’ve been on the dean’s list more times than any student who’s been at this school,” she continued. “Not to mention
your performance at the Gamma Competition deserves some recognition.”
My heart started up again, pounding heavily in my chest.
“So, with that, I wanted to personally congratulate you… You are graduating top of your class. If you ace your finals, which telling
1/4
Chapter 506
+15 Bonus
from your records, I have full faith that you will, you are expected to write and give a speech during graduation, and you’ll get a golden star on your degree, which indicates that you graduated top of your class.”
I couldn’t help the smile that lit up my face at her words.
“That’s a huge honor, Dean,” I told her. “Thank you so much.” S
She held her hand out for me to shake, and I did so without hesitation.
“It’s a pleasure,” she told me in return.
As I stood to leave, she stood as well.
“One last thing,” she said before I could turn away fully; I paused to look at her, curious as to what more she had to say. “If I find
out that Gavin Landry is the reason you are so successful, you won’t like the consequences.”
My heart fell into my stomach.
“I assure you, Alpha Landry has nothing to do with my success,” I assured her.
With that, I turned and left her office.
As I walked away from the building and towards the student lounge, my mind was racing. This was huge; I couldn’t believe it.
There was only one person I wanted to tell this good news to, and there was a chance he wouldn’t even answer, but still, I wanted
to try anyway.
I pulled out my phone and brought up Gavin’s contact number. I pressed the call button and pressed the phone to my ear, waiting
with bated breath for him to answer. His phone had been off these last few days and going straight to voicemail, so I was
surprised when it actually rang.
Then, there I heard the line being picked up, and my heart thudded against my chest.
“Hello?”
A woman’s voice came on the other end.
My heart stopped as I pulled the phone away and looked at the name on my screen… it was definitely Gavin’s number.
Did he change his number and not tell me?
Why would he do that?
“Sorry, I might have the wrong number,” I said softly.
“Who are you looking for?” The woman asked, a curious tint in her voice.
“Gavin Landry,” I said, my voice coming out hesitantly as I spoke his name,
She was quiet for a moment, and then her next words shattered not only my heart, but my entire soul.
2/4
Chapter 506
+15 Bonus
“This is the right number, though I’m afraid he’s currently in the shower,” she told me. “I can leave a message for him. We do
have plans together later, but I’m sure he’ll call you before we leave if it’s that important.”
###Take 507
Chapter 507 
Judy’s POV
My entire body was frigid as I heard what this woman…a woman I had never even heard of before, saying that Gavin was in the shower. My entire body shook, and I could feel my heart shattering in my chest. I barely registered her words next because I was
so numb from the inside out.
My hearing had faded, and all that was left was just me inside the little bubble I created around myself.
I pressed the “end call” button as she was speaking and I shoved my phone back into my pocket, not wanting to hear what more
she had to say.
I’m not sure how I ended up outside of the student lounge; my body was working on overdrive, and I wasn’t in control anymore. I felt paralyzed as the world passed around me, swallowing me into a black abyss. I didn’t realize where I was until I heard Nan’s
voice from beside me.
“Judy, what’s wrong?” She asked, studying my pale face.
I looked at her… really looked at her. I saw the worry lingering in her eyes and the way the corner of her lip tipped down into a concerned frown. Her brows were pinched together as she stared at me, the question lingering on her lips as I thought about what
to say to her.
I felt so stupid; here I was, thinking this guy might actually like me… thinking he had developed genuine feelings for me as I had him… but instead he was off with another woman, playing house with her… letting her answer his phone… taking her on dates…
ignoring me and wondering what it was I did wrong. 1
I didn’t realize that I was crying until Nan wrapped me in her arms and pulled me into a tight hug.
“It’s okay,” she whispered, but I didn’t feel like things were okay. I felt like I was breaking apart, and there was nobody around to pick up the pieces. My wolf was whimpering and howling inside of me, feeling and feeding off my pain, matching it with her own. “Tell me what happened, Judy. Please… I hate seeing you like this.”
“I called Gavin…” I heard myself whisper. “And another woman answered.”
She let out a breath and closed her eyes as she continued to hug me.
“That asshole,” she whispered. “He doesn’t deserve you if that’s how he’s going to treat you. Just because he’s a Lycan, he thinks he can play with your emotions. It’s not fair.”
At that point, my phone chimed. I pulled out of her arms and glanced at my phone, sighing.
“Who is it?” She asked, eyeing me carefully.
“Beta Taylor is here to pick me up,” I muttered.
‘Not Erik?” She asked with raised brows.
A 1/4
Chapter 507
+15 Bonus
She knew Erik was my typical driver that Gavin appointed me a while back, and when it wasn’t Erik picking me up, typically it
would have been Gavin. Taylor only picked me up if he needed to take me somewhere specific or in emergency situations. But this past week or so, it’s been him picking up from school and bringing me home. Even when I wasn’t tutoring Matt, it was still Taylor who picked me up.
“I have to go,” I told her, my heart heavy as I walked towards the parking lot.
Nan watched me go, shouting for me to call her later. I didn’t bother responding; my body was numb, and the words failed to leave my lips.
As I stepped out into the parking lot, I spotted his car almost right away. I got into the backseat, settling myself before my eyes
found Taylor’s. He was looking at me through the mirror with a curious gaze, and when he noticed me staring back, he quickly
returned his attention to the front, his eyes fixed on the road.
He pulled away from the school without another word, pulling onto the main road and driving towards the Redmoon pack lines.
“Have you talked to Gavin?” I asked him, surprised that my voice sounded stronger than I felt.
He glanced at me through the mirror again, and I couldn’t decipher the look in his eyes.
“I have,” he murmured, without offering much more information. “He’s been busy with a new project for the Landry
Corporation.”
I nodded, not believing a word he was saying.
“Does he have any new business partners or someone working with him on the project?” I asked,
He was quiet for a long while; his jaw was ticking, and he clenched and unclenched it. He finally glanced at me through the
mirror.
“That’s not for me to say,” he admitted, his voice coming out softer than I thought it would. “It’s probably better if you spoke to
him directly.”
“I would if he’d talk to me,” I muttered.
Beta Taylor looked as if he was about to say something else, but before he could, my phone started to ring. Aggravated by the
interruption, I huffed as I pulled my phone out of my pocket. I saw Irene’s name on the screen and big my lips as I answered the
call. (1
“Hello?”
“Judy! I need your help,” Irene practically shouted into the phone. “It’s Emalyn… she’s sick. She won’t stop crying. Please
hurry!”
She hung up without another word, leaving my stomach in knots. I looked at Taylor, who was still focused on the road, his mind a thousand miles away.
2
###Take 508
Chapter 508
“Change of plans… take me to the place,” I told him.
He furrowed his brows in response.
“Why?” He asked.
“Irene needs my help with the baby, that’s why,” I told him simply. “If Gavin doesn’t want to see me, then that’s fine, but I’m
not cutting myself off from Irene.”
He nodded and, without another word, he turned in a different direction and started to drive towards the Silver Crescent pack.
Once we were at the mansion, I thanked him and hurried out of the car. I didn’t bother looking back at Beta Taylor, though I could
feel his eyes on the back of my head. 1
Irene was in the living room, cradling a crying Emalyn. The baby’s face was all red as she belted and sobbed, and it broke my heart
to see her like this. Irene was also crying as she cooed at the little baby, trying to calm her.
Irene looked at me with relief in her eyes.
“I don’t know what to do,” she cried, her bottom lip trembling. “Please, help me…” 1
I immediately went to her, taking a look at Emalyn’s face. I put my hands on her cheeks and forehead, my stomach clenching
when I felt how warm she was.
“She’s running a fever,” I told her. “Do you have any baby medicine?” I asked.
“Maybe in the kitchen,” she said, her voice cracking as she spoke.
I grabbed the baby from her arms, cradling her close to my chest. She relaxed a little, but not all the way.
“I need you to listen carefully, okay?” I said, trying to remain as calm as I could. She nodded, waiting for my instructions. “I need you to warm up some milk in a baby bottle and put a few drops of medicine in the milk. Not a lot… just a little. Then bring me the
bottle.”
Irene nodded and, without another word, she ran off and into the kitchen. I continued to rock and cradle the baby; her crying
subsided a little, but she was still whimpering as the fever took full effect.
“Poor little pup,” I whispered soothingly.
Not long after, Irene was returning with the baby bottle. I took the bottle from her and started to feed the baby. it took a few tries,
but soon Emalyn started to drink greedily.
Irene sighed, resting on the couch now that the mansion was quiet and free from the crying. As the baby drank, her sniffles and sobs subsided. She stopped halfway through the bottle, and then I took a break to burp her before having her continue.
Once she was done with the bottle, I placed it on the coffee table and rocked her. The room had fallen silent as the baby nuzzled
1/4
Chapter 508
+15 Bonus 
against me, trying to gain warmth, though she was sweating from her fever. It tore at my heart to see her like this.
I had to change her a couple of times within the hour because her diaper exploded. The second time it happened had Irene helped
me bathe her. The warm water was soothing enough that it calmed her into a sleeping state. 1
Rocking her in my arms, I sat with her on the couch until she was completely asleep. She wasn’t as warm, but I could tell she still
had a slight fever.
Irene looked relieved to see that she was finally sleeping.
“Thank you,” Irene whispered. “How did you get so good at taking care of babies?”
I shrugged.
“Just a natural talent,” I admitted. 1
“I wish I had that talent,” she murmured. “I don’t think I’ll ever be good at this kind of thing.”
We remained quiet for a long while, and then I turned to her.
“Can I ask you a question?”
She nodded, her eyes meeting mine.
“What’s up?” She asked.
“Is your dad dating someone?”
She raised her brows and then cocked her head.
“My dad doesn’t really date anyone… why?” She asked.
“I called him earlier, and a woman answered… I was just wondering how she was,” I explained. 1
She raised her brows.
“I haven’t spoken to my father in days,” she admitted. “He’s been busy with work as far as I know. I’m not sure who answered
his phone, but I doubt he would have allowed that if he knew,” she told me.
I thought about it for a moment, and then I nodded.
“Yeah, maybe it’s just a misunderstanding,” I said softly.
She was quiet for a long while, and then she straightened her posture.
“You know what you need to do?” She asked, “You need to go to the Villa and see him for yourself.”
“What?” I nearly asked, my eyes wide.
“I’m serious,” she said, a grin forming on her lips. “Go to the Villa and see my father. If anything, you should tell him how you
12/4
Chapter 508
feel. You have obvious feelings for him, so you should tell him, right?”
“What if he doesn’t feel the same?” I asked, meeting her eyes.
+15 Bonus
“Then you’ll know the truth,” she told me. She stood and took the baby from my arms, cradling her. “I think her fever broke. I’ll
put her in her crib… go to the Villa, Judy. I mean, what’s the worst that can happen, right?” 12
###Take 509
Chapter 509
Judy’s POV
+15 Bonus 
Irene was right; I was not the type of person to sit around and mope because of a guy. I was the kind of person who would go and
get answers, especially considering nobody is willing to provide me with answers anyway.
I was beyond frustrated with the situation, and I needed to know what was up. I was having trouble believing he just up and
ditched me for another woman, and if he did, it was time that I gave him a piece of my mind. After Irene got Emalyn changed and
settled, and said my goodbyes to her and asked Chester for a ride to the villa. He was happy to give me a ride, having heard what
happened from Nan, I didn’t have to retell him the story of my earlier events.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Chester asked, sounding a bit worried as we approached the villa. “It’s not too late to turn
around.”
“I need answers, Chester,” I told him. “It’s going to eat at me if I don’t…” 
“But what if you don’t like the answers that you receive?” he asked, echoing the very fear that’s in my head.
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“Then I guess I’ll at least have an answer, and I won’t be sitting at home wondering,” I told him, my voice dropping to a low
whisper.
He remained quiet for the rest of the drive; I could feel the uncertainty radiating off him, and it was starting to seep into me. The
closer we got, the more I started to doubt this plan. He pulled into the villa driveway and continued until we reached the
designated guest parking area.
I didn’t see Gavin’s car parked in its usual spot, which made me wonder if he was even home. If not, I guess I would be waiting for
him.
I unbuckled my seatbelt and started to get out.
“Stay here,” I told Chester. I need to do this alone.” 
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” He asked, his tone laced with worry. “Nan would kill me if anything happened to you.‘
“I’m not sure about anything anymore, but I’ll send for you if I need backup,” I assure him. “I mean, this is Gavin we are talking
about… how much danger could there be?”
“Maybe not physical damage,” he murmured. “But there will definitely be emotional damage.”
I knew he was right, but I was deep now, and there was no going back.
I stepped out of the car, and just as I was shutting the car door, Gavin’s car swung around the corner. I got a glimpse of him in the
driver’s seat, and he didn’t seem to notice me as he parked the car a distance away, in his usual spot.
1/3
Chapter 509
+15 Bonus
There was another figure in the car, too, that I couldn’t quite make out. I furrowed my brows at the sight, waiting with bated
breath for them to get out of the car. The passenger door opened, and then my heart immediately sank as I saw the most gorgeous
woman I had ever seen in my life.
She was tall and radiant; her skin was flawless like a porcelain doll; her hair was black like the night’s sky, curly enough to crown her entire heart–shaped face. Her lips were perfectly plump and glossy red. Her high cheekbones were featured with pink, and her eyes, equipped with long and dark lashes, were emerald with specs of blue and grey. With my wolf sight, I could see her as clearly
as if she were standing right in front of me.
She wore a low–cut dress that left no mystery of what lay underneath. Her large cleavage was on full display, and her legs were prominent. She had a gorgeous fit body, and each and every curve was showcased in that dress.
the Though she wore heels that made her appear taller than her normal height, Gavin was still taller. He walked around the car, look of admiration clear in his eyes as he offered the woman his arm. She took it without hesitation, a smile lighting up her face and that same admiration reflecting back at him.
He leaned in to kiss her cheek, further shattering my heart. As he spoke in a low tone for only her to hear, his eyes darted in my direction as if he felt my gaze on his, and then I watched eh color drain from his face. 2
Gavin’s POV
A few days ago.
I sat in the restaurant, my eyes never leaving Judy’s curious face as I clutched the phone tightly in my hands. I thought I was going to break the phone with how tightly I was holding it. I couldn’t get Taylor’s words out of my head for a long while as I remained on the phone with him, trying to process what it was he was saying to me right now.
###Take 510
Chapter 510 
“Alpha, did you hear me?” Taylor asked. “She’s here…she’s back.”
‘It’s not possible,” I said more to myself than him.
What he had just said couldn’t have been possible. Rachel couldn’t be at my villa right now because Rachel was fucking dead.
It was a cruel and unusual joke that was being played.
Rachel was Cassandra’s nurse a long time ago, and one evening, while she was driving, she got T–boned. There were no survivors
in that accident… I had no one ot blame; no one to incriminate…
“I didn’t think so either, but she’s here… living and breathing,” Taylor confirmed, sounding just as confused as I felt.
Without many words, I dismissed myself from my date with Judy. I felt guilty leaving her, but this was too important. I needed to
see for myself if Rachel was truly alive and well. I barely remember getting home.
As I ran through the front doors of the villa and my nose picked up the scent of a woman in the parlor, my heart started to race. I
walked into the parlor and froze when I saw the familiar figure sitting on the couch, her legs crossed over one another and her
hands neatly placed on her lap.
She looked nervous as her eyes scanned the room, searching for any changes since he last time she was here.
It was true… she was alive.
“Rachel?” I asked, stepping further into the room and drawing her attention to me.
Her eyes shifted to me, and my breathing hitched as I looked into the familiar emerald, blue, and grey eyes. Her dark curls tucked
behind one of her ears as she gave me an awkward smile before standing to her feet.
“It’s been a long time,” she said, as if she weren’t a walking ghost standing right in front of me.
“How is this possible?” I asked, my words coming out in a breath. I was confused as to how she was standing right in front of me.
“You… you were dead…”
“I know you have a lot of questions,” she said softly. “And I want to be honest with you. Do you think we can talk for a bit?”
I was dumbfounded as I stared at the woman I once loved after my wife died. She was the only other woman that I loved after
Melissa’s death. The only one I even considered marrying. I was gutted when she passed away… or at least when I thought she passed away.
I found myself numbly nodding as I lowered myself onto the couch. She sat beside me, her eyes never leaving mine.
“It’s really good to see you again, Gavin,” she said as tears filled her eyes. “You have no idea how badly I missed you and how it killed me not to see you.”
I wasn’t sure what to say, but when she wrapped her arms around me and hugged me, it brought my mind back to all those times
1/3
Chapter 510
+15 Bonus
I’ve held her before. All those times she’s felt so perfect in my embrace. Though she was tall, she still fit small against me, and
her scent was the same.
She pulled back slightly to look at me, a small smile playing on her lips.
“It feels like nothing’s changed between us,” she murmured, her hands running through my hair.
I wanted to agree with her and to fall back into my old habits, but she was wrong. So much had changed between us and I couldn’t even begin to tell her because I was just so confused on the fact that she was right in front of me, alive and well… looking
incredible and unharmed.
“How are you here, Rachel?” I asked her, my voice was coming out softer than intended.
She swallowed as she glanced at her hands, and then she glanced back up at me, nibbling on the corner of her lip.
“Because I’ve been lying to you for years,” she admitted. “I never died in that crash and I’m not who you thought I was…”
“I don’t understand,” I said, shaking my head. “Tell me the truth now… who are you?”
“I was never a nurse… though I was trained in that field. I was an undercover agent. I was sent to Silver Crescent as a spy,” she
told me. My brows furrowed as I stared at her. 1
###Take 511
Chapter 511 
Gavin’s POV
“What the fuck do you mean you were a spy?” I asked, feeling my temper rising as I stared at her.
She bit her lower lip and nibbled on it gentl
“Levi Churchill hired me,” she admitted, furrowing my brows as I stared at her. “He’s after your company secrets, Gavin. I was young and weak at the time. I did whatever he wanted me to do. So, I pretended to be a nurse and stuck by your side, while collecting data.”
I was dumbstruck by her admittance. I pulled away from her, hurt by what she was saying. I had fallen for her back then; I was prepared to get down on one knee and propose marriage to this girl. But instead, she had been playing me.
“Was any of it real?” I asked her, my tone hardening as my eyes narrowed. “Any of the feelings you felt for me… any of the stuff that you had said to me… was it all fake? Part of the game you were playing to appease my enemy?” With each question I asked, my voice rose even more.
Tears filled her eyes, and she tried hard to blink them away, but they were still evident.
“I never expected to fall for you,” she whispered brokenly. “Once I did… once I knew I was in too deep, I knew I needed to get
out.”
“So, you faked your own death,” I whispered. It wasn’t a question, just a statement.
She nodded her head, her teeth digging into her bottom lip.
“Yes,” she whispered. “I faked my own death. It was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. I had to take lives in order to make that happen and make you believe that I was gone for good. I wanted to come back to you so many times and confess everything, but I was too afraid… too weak.” 
“And now?” I asked, unable to look her in the eyes any longer. “Why are you back now?”
“Because I couldn’t stay away any longer,” she admitted. “I’ve missed you so much. Since leaving, a part of of has been missing. I
love you so much, Gavin, and the thought of not being around you any longer… it kills me inside.”
“Why should I believe a thing that you say to me now?” I asked her, my tone hardening even more. I didn’t trust her, not after everything she had told me, but I couldn’t deny that the old feelings I once had for her were still bubbling in my chest, making it difficult for me to turn her away completely.
“Because I cut ties with Levi completely,” she told me. “I’m a rogue, I’m no longer part of his pack. I hadn’t been for a long time. You can smell me… do you smell him on me?”
“I couldn’t smell him on you before either,” I told her coldly. “Try again.”
“Because I had been residing in your pack for a long time before I got to know you. I was playing the long game previously. Hiding
1/3
Chapter 511
+15 Bonus
in your pack, training… obtaining a medical background so I could be your sister’s nurse without raising suspicion. I made
friends, so it didn’t seem like I came out of nowhere. I had been here for a few years, learning the ways of your pack before I
actually met you.”
“And you expect me to believe that you aren’t playing the long game again?” I asked him. “After everything I’ve learned today, I wouldn’t be surprised if you were up to something again.”
“Why would I tell you any of this if I were after you, Gavin?” She asked. “Why would I put myself in that position and make you
not trust me right off the bat?”
When I remained silent, unsure of how to answer that question, she continued.
“I hate that you look at me like a monster… that I can’t be trusted. But Gavin, if I really wanted to… I could have come up with
another lie to put myself back in your good graces. Instead, I opened up the truth and told you everything. I don’t want there to be lies between us… not anymore.”
“It’ll take some time for me to trust you again,” I told her.
She nodded.
“I completely understand that, Gavin. I truly do,” she assured me, reaching out and putting her hand on mine. I met her eyes for
the first time in what felt like hours, though I knew we had only been talking for about 30 minutes. I still had so many questions
for her, but my head was reeling with all the new information I had found out today. I needed some time to think about it all and
figure out where exactly we stood with one another.
Obviously, things couldn’t go back to the way things were but seeing her again after all these years… the woman I planned to
propose to… the only other one I loved besides Melissa… it was difficult being in her presence without feeling myself fall back into
the same pattern. Almost wanting to pull her into my arms and protect her from the world of chaos. I held myself back and ran
my fingers through my hair, her touch on my arm almost intoxicating and burning a hole in my flesh. 1
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
Comments
Support
Share
###Take 512
Chapter 512 
+15 Bonus
Without another word to her, I sent a mindlink to Beta Taylor, having him meet us in the parlor. I knew he wasn’t far, and knowing Taylor, he and Derek were most likely to listen to this conversation nearby. They were both around during the Rachel thing, and they knew how devastated I was after she “died.”
Sure enough, Taylor entered the parlor within seconds of my mindlinking him.
“You called?” He asked, trying to act as if he wasn’t listening; it made me roll my eyes before I could think.
“I need a guest room set up for Rachel,” I murmured, meeting his eyes. I could see the questions lingering in his gaze, and they
were questions I couldn’t be bothered to answer right now. “She’ll be staying here for a while.”
He nodded, though he looked a bit uneasy about the choice.
I felt Rachel relax beside me, relieved that I wasn’t kicking her out… at least I wasn’t kicking her out tonight. I still needed to
figure out where we both stood with one another before I could think about the future and how to move past it all.
She stood from the couch, grabbing her things before she turned to me, a small smile playing on her lips.
“It’s so good to see you again, Gavin,” she said softly; her tear–filled eyes meeting mine. “You have no idea how badly I missed
you.”
I could only manage a nod, my words failing me completely. Without another word, she turned and left behind Beta Taylor. I
slumped on the couch, my hands pushing my hair out of my face as I groaned.
I needed a drink, and I needed one immediately.
I walked over to my mini bar and poured myself a glass of whisky, my normal drink of choice during stressful situations. I felt my
phone vibrate in my pocket, so I pulled it out and saw Judy’s name flash across the screen; she texted me.
My stomach clenched at the sight of her name. I couldn’t open the message because I wasn’t sure what I was going to say to her. I hated myself for leaving her in the middle of our date like that, but the second Taylor told me that Rachel was sitting in the parlor of my villa, I knew I needed to leave immediately.
I couldn’t imagine how it made Judy feel, though. Without opening the message, I shoved my phone back into my pocket and
drowned myself in the whisky, feeling a bit lighter as it started to take its effect.
Taylor came back into the room and noticed me at the mini bar; he sighed and walked over to me.
“Am I off the Beta duty now?” He asked. “Or do you still need me for something?”
“You’re off duty,” I muttered.
He nodded and took a seat. Without having to ask, I poured him a glass of whisky and slid it across the mini bar top for him to
grab. He took the glass, swirled the whisky around, taking in the aroma and the sight before taking a sip.
1/3
Chapter 512
“Mmm,” he said. “It’s been a while since I was able to drink good Whiskey.”
I nodded and took another long sip of my glass before pouring more into it.
Taylor raised his brows.
+15 Bonus
“You should slow down on that before you make some bad choices,” he muttered, though he made no attempt to stop me.
“I think, considering the event of today, I deserve a drink.”
He nodded.
“Yes,” he told me. “However, you are still a Lycan and still the Alpha. You need to be clear–headed.”
“Wouldn’t be clear–headed sober,” I admitted.
“Yeah,” Taylor agreed, sighing. “What are you going to do?”
“I don’t know,” I admitted. “For the first time in my life, I don’t fucking know. I don’t have any answers, and I’m at a complete
loss.” 
We fell into a comfortable silence as we pondered what had happened; Rachel was alive, and she was here… wanting to make
things work between us. But I wasn’t sure if I was emotionally there. I don’t do relationships anymore, and I wasn’t sure if she
was the one I was going to break that rule with.
Then, Taylor’s next question brought me out of my haze.
“What about Judy?” 2
###Take 513
Chapter 513
Third Person POV
8 years ago.
Rachel hugged the satin bedsheets close to her naked form as she waited for Gavin to join her. Her dark hair crowning her
features messily after their night of fun. Gavin was probably the most passionate lover she has ever had, and she has had many in the past, not that Gavin knew about any of them. As far as he knew, he was her first serious lover. The only one who was able to make her cum in such a way, though he wasn’t far off.
As he returned to the bedroom, a towel wrapped around his waist, hanging low on his hips, his hair wet from his shower and beads of water dripping off his chest, he grinned when he saw her wrapped like a burrito, naked and ready for another round with
him.
“It’s amazing that you can never tire of me,” he tells her as he bends to her level, brushing his lips against her sweet and plump mouth. She breathed him in, admittedly loving his scent. She never expected to love his scent as much as she does, but her heart
was beating against her chest at a rapid speed as she took him in.
He was handsome and his looks alone made her knees weak. She had always been drawn to his looks and though getting into his bed would be easy, though that proved to be wrong. It took a long time for him to open up to her enough to finally have this
intimacy.
She ran her fingers through his wet hair as he deepened the kiss, his tongue dancing with hers in a heated moment of passion. He
moaned against her mouth, loving her taste just as she loved his.
For a moment, her mission was the furthest thing from her mind, as it always was whenever they were together. It was a lot
easier to remember what it was she had to do when she didn’t have to look at him.
He pressed her into the bed, wrapping her like a gift, and when he finally revealed her completely naked body, a low growl escaped his throat. She giggled as she wrapped herself around him, pulling off his towel.
Another round later, they were both sweaty and breathless, laughing like two kids who were caught doing something naughty.
“I’m going to need another shower,” he laughed, pulling her into his arms.
Since his wife’s death, almost 12 years ago, Gavin hadn’t allowed himself to open up to another woman. He’s had plenty of
meaningless sex, sure, but there was something different about Rachel. She understood him in a way that nobody else did; she
got him. She cared for his sister while she was recovering from drugs and alcohol… she took care of his sister during her
pregnancy.
She would still be taking care of his sister if Cassie hadn’t run off with her boyfriend and baby. Gavin had been searching for
months for any signs of them, but he’s come up empty every time. He actively has men in search of his sister and nephew, and
throughout it all, Rachel has been by his side.
1/3
She snuck up on him… wedged her way into his heart and made him feel things he hadn’t felt in a long time. Though, his wolf was
still warming up to her, he also understands that his human side needed a companion… someone to keep his bed warm and heart
happy, so he allowed Gavin to explore this thing with Rachel… have a real relationship with her and love her in a way that only
Gavin could love her.
His wolf hated the thought of marking her, though, but Gavin knew without a doubt in his mind that Rachel would one day where
his mark… and his ring. 4
As the thought popped into his head, he found himself playing with her ring finger idly, a contented smile on his face as he held
her close to his chest. She nuzzled against him, breathing in his comforting scent and basking in his warmth.
“What is on your mind?” She asked him, peeking up at him through her lashes.
“How much I love you,” he admitted. “I love you more than I ever thought possible.”
His wolf scoffed, but he swallowed it down, ignoring that aging feeling in the pit of his stomach. He thought this was only
infatuation and signs of Gavin’s true loneliness, but Gavin disagreed.
Rachel smiled at his words, closing her eyes and allowing them to wash over her. A guilt hit her in the middle of her chest, but she
swallowed it down.
“I love you too,” she whispered the words that her heart was speaking, though her mind was telling her what she was doing was
wrong… because it was. But she couldn’t help herself; she had grown feelings for him. Strong feelings.
###Take 514
Chapter 514
What was once an assignment turned into something much more… complicated.
“I have to get to work,” she told him, kissing his chest as she sat up. He nodded, running his fingers through his hair as he too sat
up, reluctantly releasing his hold on her. “And you have work to do today, too, Alpha.”
She winked at him.
He grinned as he watched her slide out of the bed, completely naked and unashamed. She was used to him seeing her body like
this, so she walked around him naked all the time, which he didn’t mind in the least.
He got out of bed, too, and grabbed her hand, pulling her towards the bathroom with a playful wink.
“Not before we shower,” he teased.
She giggled as she let him pull her into the shower, where they not only washed each other, but also and another round.
By the time they were done, they were breathless and giggling, unable to pull apart from one another. They eventually had to go
to their respectful jobs.
“A ring” Taylor asked, his eyes wide as he stared at the diamond ring that Gavin presented.
Gavin nodded, closing the little black box.
“I’m going to propose to her,” he replied, a smile on his face.
“Are you sure you’re ready for that?” Taylor asked. “That’s a huge step, and didn’t you swear off relationships?”
“Rachel is different,” Gavin told him. “We are different. She’s the real deal, and I’d like it if I had my best friend’s support.”
Taylor patted him on the back.
“You know you’ll always have my support. So, when are you going to do it?”
“Tonight,” Gavin replied. “I’m taking her to her favorite restaurant and then I’ll pop the question.”
“Congratulations, Man,” Taylor said.
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Rachel continues her work in her office. She’s pretending to work on a clinical trial, but in reality, she’s putting together some of the new information she found out about Gavin’s company, getting ready to send it to her real
boss.
She could hear the chatter of some of the doctors outside of her office door; she knew one of them to be Elizabeth Pierce, the mate of Beta Taylor.
“Yeah, he told me he saw the ring and everything,” Elizabeth said to her coworker. “I never thought I’d see the day that Gavin
1/3
Landry actually got married again.”
Married?!
Rachel’s heart dropped deep into her stomach.
Was Gavin really planning on proposing to her?
Guilt started to eat away at her because Gavin didn’t truly know her. She couldn’t marry him under these fault pretenses, though
she’s starting to realize that she wanted nothing more than to be his wife. She truly did love him more than words could express,
but he deserved so much better than her… someone who was sent to him as a spy… someone who was releasing company and
personal information to his enemy. She had to get out of here before she got stuck marrying him under these fake pretenses.
Without a word, she packed up her office stuff and hurried out of the hospital. Her heart was racing as she got into her car, pricking the corner of her eyes. She knew she couldn’t go back to the villa and see him because she would change her mind immediately. She would fall into the trap of marriage and marry a man who knew next to nothing real about her.
It wasn’t fair to him.
She pulled out her phone and called her boss.
tears
“I have to return,” she told him before he could get a word in. “I’ve fallen too hard, and things got way more complicated. I can’t
keep this up anymore. I sent you more information via your email, but that’s all I can get you…
There was silence on the other end.
“Okay,” he finally said after a long pause. “Return as soon as you can.”
})
He hung up without another word; relief flooded her that he wasn’t going to put up a fight. But now she needed to figure out how she was going to get out of this without Gavin knowing something was up. She wasn’t the only spy in this pack… or working in the hospital, so she knew she could enlist for some help if needed.
Then, a thought came to her… the only thought she could have at that moment.
She sent out some text messages on her burner phone, her heart racing in her chest. After she received the reply she wanted, she took a deep breath, put her car in drive, and peeled away from the hospital as fast as she could… this was the only option. 7
###Take 515
Chapter 515 
Judy’s POV
+15 Bonus
“Gavin, Hun, who is that?” The gorgeous–looking woman, clinging to Gavin’s arm, asked. She was impossibly close to him, and I
stood in front of them feeling less than. My entire body was trembling, though I was keeping myself together in front of him. It
was the first time I’d seen him since our date last week, and now I was seeing him hanging onto a woman… or rather, a woman nowi
hanging onto him. 2
As she spoke, I realized she was the same woman who answered his phone when I called earlier. My stomach turned into one
giant knot as I stared between the two of them, not entirely sure what to say.
Gavin stood frozen as well, his eyes strained on my face. They were dark and filled with something I couldn’t quite figure out.
“She’s Matthew’s tutor,” his words cut through my thoughts and my heart at the same time. 3
It felt like a slap in the face; was that all I was to him? Matthew’s tutor? I thought we were beyond that, but now I’m thinking I
was completely wrong.
I wasn’t expecting this woman’s face to light up with a bright smile as she squeezed Gavin, pressing herself even closer to him,
her large breasts against his arm, and he made no attempt to step out of contact with her, which was a knife to my chest.
“Oh, you must be Judy Montague,” she cooed excitedly. “I’ve heard so much about you. I watched the competition, and I must
say, you were incredible.”
I was surprised by this; my cheeks flushed at the compliment from this strange woman.
“Thank you,” I said, proud that my voice didn’t come out shaky as I thought it would.
“Plus, Matthew has been going on and on about you. It’s nice that you’ve had such an influence on him. I wish I could have been
more a part of his life, but I’m hoping that’ll change soon.”
My heart squeezed painfully in my chest, and I found myself looking at Gavin, almost expectantly. His eyes were trained on my
face, trying to gauge my reaction, but I was desperately trying not to give him one.
“You are a lot prettier in person, I must say,” the woman continued as she studied me. “Gavin, sweetie, you didn’t tell me she
was so pretty.”
Sweetie?
Gavin’s jaw tightened, but he didn’t say anything. I swallowed the lump in my throat before finally pulling my eyes away from his
and looking at the woman.
“I don’t think we’ve met,” I told her, forcing a smile.
“Oh, where are my manners?” she chuckled. “My name is Rachel… I’m an… old friend of Gavin’s.”
1/3
Chapter 515
Rachel?!
As in THE Rachel?
+15 Bonus
The Rachel that Irene had recently told me about? The one that Gavin was prepared to propose to before her untimely death? How was it possible that she was standing in front of me right now? I thought she was dead.
I looked at Gavin again and saw that he was now expressionless; it was driving me crazy that he wasn’t saying anything. I wanted
him to tell me that it’s not what I think it is… that Rachel was nothing more than a friend and not the woman he wanted to marry.
This was not his old flame.
“I’d love to get to know you more,” Rachel told me before she turned to Gavin. “We should invite her inside so I can talk to her
some more.”
>>
Gavin tensed at that suggestion, and I felt my cheeks burning. I turned to look at Chester, who was seated in the driver’s seat of his car, listening with wide and curious eyes. He gave me a look, which I returned before looking back at Gavin and Rachel. They were far too close together for my liking, and it was making both me and my wolf incredibly uncomfortable as we stood in front
of them.
“Please, Gavin,” Rachel pouted, batting her lashes. “It would mean the world to me to get to know Matthew’s tutor, and plus, I
need some friends. I just moved back, and I have no one to talk to.”
5
I could tell Gavin was reluctant; his jaw was tight, but eventually, he nodded. I hated that he was listening to her, wanting to
please her, and not go against her. (2)
Who was this woman to him?
Were they just friends? Or were they more than friends? Had he replaced me that quickly, and didn’t even bother to call me and
tell me himself.
She clapped her hands eagerly before she wrapped her hand around my wrist, pulling me along with her and towards the Villa. I turned to look at Chester, who was watching with even wider eyes. When he caught my gaze, he shrugged his shoulders.
###Take 516
Chapter 516 
He wasn’t much help right now; there was absolutely no getting out of this. T
As we entered the thought front doors, I caught the curious eyes of Alex, who was standing near the doorway in his usual post. He
raised his brows at me and then glanced at Gavin, who was trailing at a distance behind me. I swear I heard him chuckle, which
admittedly aggravated me. For some reason, Alex wasn’t the biggest fan of me, and he even plotted against me with Irene at one
point.
I scowled at him as I was pulled into the parlor. The entire parlor smelled like Rachel, and it made my stomach feel uneasy.
Rachel sat with me on the couch, and Gavin sat in one of the chairs a bit away from us. I tried hard not to look at him, but I could
certainly feel his gaze trained on my face.
“So, tell me, Judy, what’s a girl like you doing working for a guy like Gavin Landry?” She teased, giving Gavin a playful wink that
made me scowl, though I suppressed it on my face.
“I’m not sure what you mean?” I asked, my brows furrowed.
She giggled.
“I mean, surely there were better jobs than just being a tutor to an 8–year–old,” she told me, a hint of something in her eyes.
“What made you decide to do tutoring?”
I wasn’t about to tell her my entire life story and the fact that the only reason why I started working as Matt’s tutor was to get the
money, I needed to bail my dad out of jail by paying off his debt. I glanced at Gavin, who was no longer looking at me, but his eyes
were on Rachel.
My heart squeezed at the sight of him watching her.
“I’m a college student,” I decided to tell her. “And I could use the money. Gav… uh… Alpha Landry offered me a job, and with the
pay amount, I couldn’t exactly say no.”
She nodded thoughtfully.
“Well, it was nice of him to offer you a job,” Rachel said with a genuine smile. “Gavin had always been so selfless like that.”
She glanced at him, her eyes shining with something that made me want to vomit right in the middle of the parlor. Her words had
a double meaning, that much was clear, and I wasn’t about to sit around deciphering them. 2
Before I could say anything, the parlor door opened, and Gamma Derek walked into the room. He looked surprised to see me
seated on the couch and he bowed his head out of respect to me; he was always respectful like that, which I appreciated, though I
told him it wasn’t necessary.
“Alpha, sorry to interrupt. But there’s an urgent matter that needs your attention,” he told Gavin. “It shouldn’t take long.”
Gavin looked a bit uneasy having to leave the room; he glanced at me briefly before turning to Rachel and addressing only her,
1/2
Chapter 516
which was another ping in my heart.
“I’ll be right back,” he told her softly.
She nodded, her cheeks flushing at his attention.
+15 Bonus
He stood and stepped out of the room, leaving me alone with Rachel. I didn’t want to stay here any longer; I got the answers I needed and plus, Chester was waiting for me in the car outside. I didn’t want to keep him waiting any longer.
“I should get going, but it was nice talking with you, Rachel,” I told her as I stood to my feet.
She stood up as well.
“Have you heard about me?” She asked suddenly, putting me on edge and high alert as I turned to face her.
“I’m sorry?”
“I mean… have you heard what happened?” She asked. “When I told you my name earlier, you looked surprised. I’m assuming
it’s because you heard about me…‘
“}
I nibbled on my lower lip and then nodded once.
“Guess I was just surprised that you’re still alive,” I told her, the words tasting bitter on my tongue.
“It’s a complicated story,” she admitted. “But I’m back now and that’s all that matters.”
“Yeah, why are you back?” I blurted, hating how vulnerable my tone sounded.
“For Gavin, of course,” she told me. “We were really close once… so close that I was considering marrying him. I want us to get
that relationship back… I want us to have a second chance.”
###Take 517
Chapter 517 
Judy’s POV
A second chance.
+15 Bonus 
Her words rang in my head long after I left. Chester was waiting for me in the car when I returned. He was respectful enough to
remain quiet for most of the drive; I knew both our minds were deep in thought. My heart had been shattered a million times over
this past week, but in that one moment, when Rachel told me she wanted a second chance with Gavin, the shattered pieces of my
heart were stepped on with the black pumps she was wearing that insinuated her long legs and gorgeous legs. 1
There was a tight knot in my throat as I breathed; I was unable to swallow it down. It only grew with each passing breath. I was
numb enough that crying was off the table, but not so numb that the pain wasn’t there… it was there, and it was evident.
I didn’t bother saying goodbye to Gavin when I left. I let Rachel give me a hug; her fluorescent perfume invaded my nose… I hated
that she smelled so good. Even I was drawn to her. When she released me, she gave me a warm smile and told me to take car eof
myself. She also said she hopes to see me around again soon… when I’m doing tutoring sessions with Matt, that is. 4
“Do you want to talk about it?” Chester finally asked, breaking through the silence that consumed us. Instead of taking me back
to the mansion, I asked him if he could just take me back to my family home. Being around anything Gavin–related was going to
destroy me even further. I didn’t want any reminders of him right now.
“Not really,” I admitted, my eyes fixed out the window.
I could feel his unease beside me, and then from the corner of my eye I saw him nodding.
“Okay,” he said softly. “We don’t have to talk. But you know I’m going to have Nan harass you all night, right? Not that I’ll need
to convince her otherwise.”
I knew Nan was going to be beyond worried about me and she wasn’t going to let me rest until I actually spoke to her.
Sure enough, the second we pulled into the driveway of my family home, Nan was right behind us. She quickly got out of her car
and ran towards the passenger side of Chester’s car.
“You already told her?” I asked, glancing at him with an accusatory glare.
He shrugged, looking a bit sheepish.
“We are trying this whole honesty thing,” he explained. “I can’t keep things from her, especially when it concerns her best
friend.”
I sighed, knowing that he was right. Nan was desperately trying to trust him after his playboy tendencies, so she’s making him
tell her everything. She would be furious if he kept any details about me to himself.
Before I could comprehend what was happening, she had the door open, and her arms wrapped around me.
“Judy, are you okay?” She asked, hugging me tightly. “Is it true that his former ex–lover has returned?”
1/3
Chapter 517
+15 Bonus
“I really don’t want to talk about it, Nan,” I told her, trying to shimmy my way out of her embrace so I could get out of the car. “You might not want to talk about it, but you have to,” she told me, narrowing her eyes as she helped me out of the car. “Your heart is broken, and you need a friend right now.”
“I’m not sure what I need, but I think space is a good idea,” I told her, biting my lower lip. All I really wanted to do was curl up in a ball and cry my heart out… but no tears would come. My eyes felt dry, and my heart was shattered beyond repair at this point. I didn’t need to talk about it; I needed to bury myself under my blankets and hide away from the world.
“You are depressed, and it’s understandable,” Nan said, tears welling up in her eyes. “He’s such a jerk for not talking to you about this first. I can’t believe you found out about this in this kind of way. Not even Irene knew about her.” 1
“Oh, please tell me Irene doesn’t know what’s happening,” I said, wanting to sink even lower into the ground.
She shakes her head, her eyes filled with remorse.
“It’s late and she’s sleeping right now,” she explained. “The baby woke up once, and I changed her and put her back to bed. Her fever completely broke thanks to you.”
I was relieved to hear that, though it didn’t make me feel any better.
“It’s only a matter of time before Irene finds out, though,” Chester said, leaning against his car. “She finds out everything, and plus… she’s a Landry.”
I thought about Matt and what he was saying the other day about his perception being off. I knew he was rooting for me and his father; he had said on countless occasions that he wished I could be his real mother and then there was that time he asked if I loved Gavin. It took me by surprise, and I didn’t answer him out loud, but that was the moment that I decided… or maybe I realized, that I did love Gavin.
###Take 518
Chapter 518 
+15 Bonus
He must have been talking about Rachel coming back into the picture; now he’s seeing his father being all smitten with this other
woman and he’s realizing there wasn’t anything here between me and Gavin.
The thought made me feel sick to my stomach.
“We need to get revenge. There’s no way we are going to let him get away with treating you like that,” Nan said, definitely,
making Chester snort.
“Woah there, firecracker,” he teased, the corner of his eyes crinkling as he looked at his mate. “How exactly do you plan on getting revenge on a Lycan? Not to mention what’s his crime besides falling in love with another woman? He and Judy weren’t
exclusive, right?” 2
Nan was red in the face as she stared at Chester; her lips pressed in a thin line, and her arms folded across her chest.
“That’s not the point,” she muttered.
“As much as I love this conversation, I really need to lie down,” I told them, stopping their bickering. “I have a headache and I’m
exhausted. It really is late…”
“At least let us walk you inside,” Nan said, softening her voice as if realizing she was being too loud.
I shake my head.
“I’ll be fine,” I tell her as I give her a brief hug. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Without another word, I went to the door, unlocked it, and slipped inside. The second I was alone, my resolve faded, and the tears
finally started to fall freely. I managed to get to my room undetected and slip under the covers without bothering to change my
clothes. 
My body was wracked with sobs as I let myself cry; I was grieving the relationship that I thought I could have… the one I was
stupid enough to fantasize about for even a second.
I realized at that moment, my wolf had been so quiet…
It’s been weeks since I last saw Gavin or spoke to him. I hadn’t been back to the villa since I met Rachel, and Matt has been
coming to my family home for his tutoring sessions. I had barely even seen Irene these last few weeks. She needed me a couple
more times for the baby, but other than that, j hadn’t been by the mansion. 3 
Nan pretty much lives at the mansion with Chester and keeps me updated on Irene and Emalyn, which is nice, but it also brings
back painful memories of my time with Gavin.
With finals approaching quickly, I worry that I won’t do as well as I want. My mind has been so clouded that studying as taken a
backburner. But this week was crucial, so I partook in many of the campus cram sessions with Nan. 1
1/3
Chapter 518
+15 Bonus
With my relationship with Gavin dwindling, Lukas finally decided to talk to me again, so we’d study a lot after school hours. 2
I found it strange that Beta Taylor still bothered to pick me up and bring me home every day after school. He never explained why he did it, and after a while, I stopped asking. He was acting strange, and I wondered if his mate, Eliza, had put him up to it because she heard about Rache’s return and was worried about me. Or maybe it was Taylor who was worried about me because he
was the only other person who knew about my relationship with Gavin from the beginning. 4
Regardless, it felt as if these rides were out of pity.
“Tomorrow is the last day we can spend studying before the finals start,” Lukas reminded me as he packed up his stuff in the library. “So, I’ll see you in our usual spot, right?”
I nodded.
“I won’t miss it,” I assure him.
He smiles, showing off his two dimples on each cheek, a very boyish feature that most likely gets him laid often.
I could definitely see the resemblance between him and Alpha Mica. They had the same shaggy brown hair and chocolate brown eyes. Lukas was he kind of guy that I should have fallen in love with… not someone like Ethan… or Gavin… 1
As I was leaving the library, my phone started to ring. I frowned at the unknown caller that flashed across the screen.
“Hello?” I said into the phone as I started my way to the parking lot where I’m sure Beta Taylor was already waiting for me.
“Hello, is this Judy Montague?” I heard a deep voice ask on the other end of the line.
“Speaking.”
“I hope this isn’t a bad time to call, Judy. This is Alpha Levi Churchill.” 9
My heart stopped.
Why was Gavin’s enemy calling me (4)
###Take 519
Chapter 519 
Judy’s POV
+15 Bonus 
“Alpha Levi, I wasn’t expecting a phone call from you today. What honor do I have for this?” I asked, trying to sound polite though my heart was beating heavily in my chest as I waited with bated breath for him to respond.
“I wanted to follow up with you about my offer. It’s been a little over a month since I last spoke to you, and I wanted to let you know that my offer still stands. My Elite Gamma Force in the Night Hawk pack is looking for a new recruit. The position is yours if
you want it.” (2
My heart stopped in my chest at his offer. Things were happening so soon; I hadn’t even thought about which Elite Force I wanted to take part in. So much had happened since the competition that my mind was whirling. I wanted to finish up with college before I made any actual decisions, but college was wrapping up in the next couple of weeks, which meant I needed to
start thinking about this soon.
“I haven’t really made any decisions yet,” I admitted, not really sure what more to offer him at this time. I was conflicted; I always thought I’d be a part of Gavin’s Elite Force in the Silver Crescent pack, but recent events proved that maybe that wasn’t such a good idea after all. “I’m still kind of thinking over my options.”
“I understand that,” Levi told me. “I had my Beta, Ron, email you with a benefits package along with a salary offer. Look it over
and don’t hesitate to use this number to keep in touch with me. The second you give me your okay, everything will be taken care
of, and I can get you on the next flight out here.”
“I’d still like to finish college before I join any forces,” I reminded him.
“Of course. From my understanding, you’re graduating in a couple of weeks. Take this time to think it over and make a decision. I
look forward to hearing from you.”
The line went dead before I could reply. I stared at my phone, dumbfounded. I couldn’t believe that just happened.
I swiped across the screen until I reached my email app. Sure enough, I saw Beta Ron’s name at the top of my email list. I clicked
on the email and scrolled through it; my eyes growing wider with each new thing I read. The benefits were unbeatable; they were even offering to pay my housing and travel expenses. I wouldn’t have to pay or lift a finger to move from this region to that region. Not to mention the salary they were offering me made my mouth dry.
Now I was facing a dilemma.
Was this really an offer I was willing to pass up? 2 
Was there anything here worth staying for?
“Hey,” I heard a voice from behind me. “Are you okay? You seem lost in thought.”
I turned to see Lukas frowning at me with a crease between his brows and a worried look on his face.
1/3
Chapter 519
“Yeah,” I told him; I debated whether or not I should tell him about the phone conversation. “Just a strange phone call.”
“Who was it?” He asked.
+15 Bonus 
“Alpha Levi Churchill,” I told him; his eyes grew wide at the name, recognition flashing in his gaze. “He’s offering me a position
in the Night Hawk pack, as a member of the Elite Force.”
“That’s a huge honor, and I heard the pay for that force is incredible. Are you going to take him up on the offer?” Lukas asked, studying my face.
“I’m not sure,” I admitted. “I’m thinking about it, but it’s a big decision. Everyone I know is here, so leaving would be difficult.”
“Everyone you know is here, and they aren’t going anywhere, Judy. You can always come back to visit, but this is a huge
opportunity that you’d be stupid to pass up,” he told me.
Before I could say anything, Beta Taylor’s car pulled in front of me; I almost forgot we were standing outside the school in the
parking lot.
“I’ll think more about it,” I told him. “I have until graduation to make a decision.”
With a final goodbye, I slid into the backseat of Taylor’s car. Lukas waved and then turned to walk towards his own car. He’s
offered me a ride home a few times, but I decline his offer each time.
“Was that Lukas Merriweather?” Taylor asked, his eyes following Lukas as he disappeared into his car across the parking lot.
1 
“Yeah,” I told him.
Taylor was quiet for a moment, and I could tell he was thinking intently about something, his jaw ticking slightly.
“What?” I asked. “Is there an issue?” There was a bite to my question that even I heard.
He shook his head like he was shaking the thought out of his mind. He put the car in drive and pulled away from the campus.
“Just didn’t know you two were still friends,” he replied simply.
“I mean, does it really matter?” I asked, raising my brows. “It’s not like Gavin cares anymore. Once I made it clear that there was no Gavin and me anymore and that Gavin had his eyes set on someone else, Lukas finally started to give me the time of day again.
I’m not letting him ruin my friendship again.” O
Taylor didn’t say anything, he just nodded slowly.
The rest of the ride was quiet and a bit awkward. Later that night, as I was getting ready for bed, my phone started to ring. I frowned at yet another unknown number. I mentally prepared myself for what this phone call was about to entail.
Comments
###Take 520
Chapter 520 
Nothing could have prepared me for it.
+15 Bonus
Gavin’s POV
“What the fuck do you mean she’s hanging out with Lukas Merriweather again” I asked, my eyes pouring into Taylor’s as he stood in front of my desk in my villa office. “I made sure that jerk stayed away from her.” 5
“Yeah, that was before Rachel returned and you dropped Judy like old meat,” Taylor said, folding his arms across his chest. “She doesn’t think you care anymore, so they became friends again. She’s been staying pretty late after school hours this past week, studying for finals. I think they’ve been studying together. I see his car in the lot often.”
I clenched my fists, my growing aggravation mixed with something else bubbled in the pit of my stomach.
But I also knew Taylor was right; the fact that I had consumed all my time lately with Rachel, trying to regain the friendship that I had lost over the years, meant my attention to Judy had dwindled. I couldn’t remember the last time I saw her… held her… tasted
her. 5 
My wolf was growing more aggravated by the second, not having her near was messing with him in a way that I couldn’t describe or begin to understand.
It pissed me off that as of right now, I don’t have a right to tell Lukas to stay away from Judy. 1
“Don’t forget, you have the meeting tonight at the Grand Casino Hotel,” Taylor reminded me, glancing at his watch. “It’s in a few hours, so you should be more focused on that.”
This meeting was an important business deal that could enhance my company. It’s been planned out to a T these last few months, and it all boiled down to this moment. I was initially going to take Judy as my plus one, but with Rachel back, I felt it was only right to take her instead. 10 
As the evening neared and I finished putting my tie on for the evening, I felt a presence behind me. I turned to see Rachel standing before me, wearing a shimmering red dress, her dark curls crowning her face, and her large eyes peeking up at me through her lashes. 
She was gorgeous, I’ll give her that, though my body didn’t have the same reaction to her as it once did. My wolf was still unconvinced of her, which wasn’t surprising. 4 
“You look lovely,” I told her.
The corners of her lips tipped up into a smile.
“Not so bad yourself,” she said, looking me up and down, almost suggestively.
These last few weeks have been odd, to say the least. She’s been living in the guest bedroom, and we’ve pretty much been playing
1
Chapter 520
+15 Bonus
house. We have dinner together and talk about our days. She’s been helping out with pack matters and keeping herself busy while
I’m working, and then in the evening, after dinner, we sit and talk about old times. We catch up on all that has happened since we
last saw one another. (4
Our friendship had always been easy; conversation flows smoothly, and I find our old rhythm comfortable.
I’ve appointed Taylor to pick Judy up from school and bring her home daily, mainly so I can keep track of her and make sure she’s
still doing well. Taylor provides me with daily updates, and that’s enough to keep my mind focused on the time being. 6 
The look on her face when she first met Rachel and the pain in her eyes was something I couldn’t unsee. I never meant to hurt
her; I didn’t want to keep things from her, but I wasn’t sure how to tell her any of this. 7
“Are you ready to go?” Rachel asked, bringing me out of my thoughts. “We are going to be late, and I really need a drink,” she
teased.
I nodded and offered her my arm.
“Yeah, let’s go,” I said, the smile on my face feeling tighter than usual.
My driver, Leroy, drove us to the hotel; it was in human territory, which meant we needed to be careful here. Most of the staff and
even the guests were human, though wolves were also known for coming here as well. It was a famous casino after all.
I had a designated suite on the top floor, but I’ve only used it a handful of times, and I certainly wasn’t planning on using it
tonight. 3
“Alpha Landry,” one of the shareholders, Ryan Goldstein, said as we entered the restaurant inside the casino. We shook hands
before he led me to the table where the others were waiting. “This is the one I’ve been telling you about. His business is going to soar with what we have planned,” Ryan told the others as he took his seat, motioning for our chairs. “This is Alpha Gavin Landry
and his Luna… sorry, I didn’t get your name.”
My mouth went dry.
Did he just say Luna? (6
I opened my mouth to correct him, but Rachel’s words stopped me. (2)
“Rachel Etmen,” she said, a glint in her eyes as she reached over and put her hand on top of mine, making my entire body freeze.
“And it’s such an honor to meet you, gentlemen.” 16 
###Take 521
Chapter 521 
Gavin’s POV
The rest of the evening went by amazingly smoothly. Rachel was the real prize of the evening. The shareholders and businessmen were obsessed with her, and it wasn’t just because she was gorgeous, but because she had such great knowledge about literally
everything. She brought up possible problems that she came across while listening to their propositions, and then she helped
them come up with probable solutions that made everyone nod and stare at her in wonder.
She was also funny, having them laughing and ordering more drinks as the night progressed. Her witty jokes were perfectly
timed, and the fact that she was pretty didn’t go unnoticed by the men who couldn’t seem to tear their eyes off her. Even those
who weren’t at our table couldn’t help but look over at her.
She certainly had a charm about her that made men fall at her feet.
I would know because I used to be one of those men.
Since she pretty much told them that she was my Luna, I didn’t correct her, though every fiber of my being wanted to. But this
business deal was important, and I knew right away that they were more drawn to her than they were to me.
Plus, there was no harm in them thinking we were a couple. She did come in on my arm, so I would have looked bad otherwise. As
if I hired an escort for the evening or something. 1
Towards the end of dinner, and our conversation about the upcoming changes that will soon take place, we started talking numbers and how much each shareholder will need to give in order to make these plans a reality. I was surprised when Rachel
pitched in with her own ideas and made adjustments to the revenue.
The men were equally impressed, if not more so.
“You have a keeper on your hands, Alpha Landry,” one of them said, his eyes never leaving Rachel.
“Gorgeous, charming, and good with business. What more can a man want?” Another said, a smile lighting up his face. 1
I glanced at Rachel and felt a sense of pride as she basked in the compliments. Bringing her along was a good decision. 2
My phone rang and I frowned as I fished it out of my pocket. Leroy’s name flashed across my screen. My brows furrowed as I
stood to my feet.
“I have to take this,” I told them. “Excuse me.”
I stepped away from the table and B–lined towards the bathroom hallway where I could speak in private. It was strange that my driver was calling me in the middle of an important business meeting, which he drove us to.
“What is it?” I asked, cutting all casualties.
“I have a personal emergency at home I need to tend to,” Leroy said, his voice sounding strained. I know he’s been caring for his sick mother, and it’s been taking a lot of his time, which is why I’ve been using Taylor as my personal driver as of late. I knew
1/3
Chapter 521
there was a possibility that Leroy would need to dismiss himself early tonight.
“Do what you have to do,” I told him. “I’ll find a ride back to the villa.”
“Thank you, Alpha. I am so sorry.”
+20 Bonus
Without another word, I hung up the phone and shoved it back into my pocket. I would have to see if one of my other gammas could pick us up; that’s the risk I took not driving us myself, but I knew we’d be drinking tonight, and I wanted to be safe.
Taylor was having a date night with his mate, and Erik was out of town for a few days. My mind was flipping through all the
people who could potentially pick us up when Rachel stepped around the corner. 1
“Is everything okay?” She asked.
“Yeah, we have to find a new ride home. Leroy has an emergency,” I explained. (1)
She nodded.
“The men are all leaving. After we say goodbye, how about we go to the bar for some drinks and alone time,” she said, her
meaning not lost on me. “It’s been a while since we’ve just hung out.”
I nodded and took her arm, guiding her back to the table where the men were packing up their things.
I gave them each a handshake, and Rachel made sure to hug each one of them; some lingered a little too long, and some hands
rested a bit too low.
After we finished without goodbyes, Rachel and I headed to the bar. I sent out a few text messages to some other gammas that I
knew would drop what they were doing to pick me up from this hotel casino.
We ordered a couple of drinks, and I excused myself to the restroom to freshen up. When I returned, our drinks arrived, and
Rachel was beaming at me, a wide smile on her lips as I took my seat. 2
“I’m glad we got to do this. Thank you for inviting me,” she said, batting her lashes.
“I had no idea you were so good with business–related topics,” I told her. “Last I remembered, you were a nurse, not a
businesswoman.” (2 
She giggled as she took a sip of her bright green drink.
“I am a woman of many talents,” she told me; then her face grew serious for a moment. “There were a lot of things you didn’t know about me back then, but I want to make amends now and have you get to know the real me.”
###Take 522
Chapter 522 
“Were you really a nurse?” I found myself asking as I took a sip of the scotch I ordered.
“I was registered and trained to make it look convincing on paper, but no,” she confessed. “There were other spies that I worked
with at the hospital, so it made it easy to take root there.”
I had uncovered many spies throughout the years, and as she said, most of them were doctors, nurses, and even the mortician at
the hospital. It was no wonder it was easy for her to fake her own death.
“Well, regardless, you were a huge help today,” I told her, lifting my glass to clink hers. “So, thank you.” 1
She smiled at the compliment, the rim of her glass clinking against mine as she took a sip. Her eyes followed my every moment as
I took a sip, the scotch making my insides warmer than they’d been before.
I cleared my throat and set the glass down.
“Once one of my gammas gets back to me, we’ll get out of here,” I told her.
She gave me a sly smile as she sipped her drink.
“Or we could always get a hotel for the night and just stay here,” she teased, nudging me.
The thought of staying the night in a hotel with her left my stomach in a knot. Not in a nervous fluttering kind of way, but almost
unsettled.
I took another sip of the scotch, the liquor leaving a slight burn in my throat. I furrowed my brows as my vision became hazy.
Was I getting drunk? 1
It took a lot for me to get drunk, and I’ve only had a few drinks this evening, so that wasn’t likely.
“One of my gammas will get back to me soon enough,” I assured her.
She looked almost disappointed by my statement, but then gave me a curious look.
“Are you feeling okay?” She asked.
“Is it getting hot in here?” I asked, suddenly feeling as if there wasn’t enough air in the room. It was incredibly hot; was I the only
one suffering? 1
“I don’t think so,” she said, reaching out and touching my cheek.
I leaned into her touch; her hand was cold and soothing, leaving me feeling slight relief for only a second. Her eyes darkened as she watched me and I could see the hidden desires behind her gaze, a desire that I have seen before, but ignored.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” She asked, her voice turning into an almost purr as she leaned in closer to me. “How about another sip of your drink?”
1/4
Chapter 522
+20 Bonus
She pushed the scotch closer to me, and I grabbed it, chugging the rest of it, relieved by the coldness of the ice, but the end result was almost like a punch in the gut when my vision blurred even more and suddenly, I was laughing at the most ridiculous stuff.
1 
Rachel was also laughing as she rubbed herself against my body, her hands draped in my hair and her lips close to my neck as she
whispered stuff into my ear; stuff I had no idea what she was saying, but for some reason I found hilarious.
I caught glimpse of the bartender, giving us curious looks. He was human and probably had no idea how powerful I was or else
he’d never look me in the eyes.
“I’ll be right back. I’m going to book us a room for the night and get stuff prepared,” I caught Rachel’s words last minute as she
excused herself, telling the bartender to keep an eye on me while she gets things situated.
She doesn’t know I own my own suite here at the hotel, and I wasn’t going to tell her either. I was about to decline her advances. I reached for my phone, realizing that I didn’t have it on me. Where the fuck did my phone go
I had no idea if any of my Gammas received my texts and if someone was coming or not.
Fuck, even in my drunken state I knew I couldn’t spend the night here with her. I might have been loopy and completely out of it,
but there was that small part of me that was still in protection mode.
I motioned for the bartender, who came to me right away.
“Need some water?” He asked, watching me carefully.
“I need a favor,” my words came out slurred, and I could barely register the man standing in front of me. “Give me… paper and… pen.” I took deep breaths between each word I spoke.
He nodded and reached for a piece of paper and pen, sliding it in front of me.
I wrote out a name and then a phone number.
“Call this person. Tell them Gavin Landry is in trouble, and they need to get here as soon as possible,” I told him, just as darkness
started to cloud me.
“Sure,” he said as he grabbed the phone that hung on the wall behind him.
I rested my head on the counter as a pounding headache surfaced at my temple; heat consumed my body, making me feel as if I
was on fire, and the entirety of the room spun.
The last thing I heard was the bartender speaking into the phone, “Hello, is this Judy Montague?” 9
###Take 523
Chapter 523 
Judy’s POV
“Hello, is this Judy Montague?”
I glanced at the time and saw that it was just past 10 pm; who would be calling me at this hour? It was an unknown number, and I didn’t recognize the voice.
Furrowing my brows, I said, “Yes, speaking. May I ask who’s calling?”
“I’m sorry to bother you at such a late hour, Mam. I was given your number to call by Gavin Landry…”
My heart stopped at the sound of his name. Gavin? Why would Gavin be having this man call me at 10 pm?
“Is everything okay?”
“He’s here at the Grand Casino Hotel; he’s passed out at the bar,” the guy told me. “I’m Luis, the bartender. He wrote your name on a piece of paper along with your number and told me to call you and have you come here as soon as possible. That was before he passed out a few seconds ago.”
I was already out of bed and pulling off my sleep shorts and tank top so I could put on a pair of jeans and a sweater.
“He passed out?” I asked, holding my phone between my shoulder and cheek as I pulled up my jeans. “Why did he pass out?”
“That’s the strange thing… I’m not sure. “He looks like someone who can handle alcohol, but he’s only had one scotch. I can’t imagine he’d get drunk based on that one drink.”
“I’m on my way there now. Make sure he doesn’t go anywhere,” I said urgently as I grabbed my purse and hurried out of my bedroom. 
“I’ll do what I can,” the bartender, Luis, said. I hung up the phone without saying another word. I hurried down the steps of my family’s home and out the front door, only to freeze when I saw that there was no car in the driveway.
I inwardly cursed, remembering both my parents had plans for the evening. I seriously needed to get my own car, but with Gavin insisting on having one of his men drive me around this past year or so, my need for a car hadn’t come up until now.
My first instinct was to call Nan, but when she didn’t answer, I called Chester. He didn’t answer either, so I assumed they must have been together.
I pulled up the Uber app instead and quickly selected an uber, hoping that they won’t take long to arrive.
Thankfully, there was a driver around the corner, and he was there within minutes. As he pulled in front of me, I quickly got into the backseat. He greeted me with a warm smile and asked me if the heat was okay or if it was too much.
“It’s fine,” I replied, a bit rushed. “I don’t have a lot of time. If we could just hurry, that’d be great.”
He nodded and put the car in drive. 
Chapter 523
+30 Bonus
Though he was driving fairly faster than the typical speed limit, it still wasn’t fast enough for my liking, and I found myself growing impatient. We were beyond wolf territory and deep in the human territory, where there were no other wolf packs for miles. The Grand Casino Hotel was right in the heart of the city, and it was the biggest building in our region. It was gorgeous with golden décor and bright sparkling neon lights that led their way into the casino. I could hear the slot machines before I even
got out of the car.
It was incredibly busy, even at this late hour.
Seeing everyone in their best clothing, I suddenly felt it was inappropriate to wear a hoodie and jeans. But it’s not like I had a lot of time to get ready before coming here. Plus, I’m not here for a social call; I’m here to rescue Gavin.
I still wondered why it was me he wanted the Bartender to call and not anybody else.
“Can you wait here until I get my friend?” I asked. “I just need to grab him, and then we can leave.”
日
###Take 524
Chapter 524 
The Uber driver frowned.
“Sorry, you only purchased a one–way Uber pass,” he told me, making my heart stop. I grabbed my phone and looked at the Uber app. I thought I selected the round–trip Uber pass, but sure enough, only the one–way was selected. “I have another customer I need to get to.”
“It’s fine,” I told him as I pushed the door open. “I’ll just get another Uber.”
I slammed the door shut and rushed inside. My main focus was to get to Gavin. There were so many bars in this place that I cursed myself for not asking the bartender which bar he was at.
As I went to multiple bars in search of him, I noticed several strange looks from those around me, all probably wondering why I looked so disheveled and wasn’t dressed up to their standards. I had half a mind to say something to them, but I couldn’t think straight.
As I neared another bar, I felt my wolf stirring, almost pulling me in that direction and making me move faster. She had been wound up and antsy since that phone call and the fact that there are so many different scents here, not to mention a turmoil of emotions running through our veins, made it hard pick up on Gavin’s specific scent, though it was clear to us that he was somewhere in this building.
But the second my wolf caught wind of that specific bar, his scent became evident the closer we got. I picked up my pace, and when I saw him slumped on the counter with the Bartender, I’m assuming Luis, trying to talk to him and give him some water, my quickened pace turned into a run.
The bartender noticed me and a relieved look crossed his face. I’m thinking he assumed I was the one he spoke to on the phone based on the fact that I’m running in their direction and dressed like a slob.
“You must be Judy,” he said when I approached.
Ignoring him, I sat beside Gavin, cupping his face in my hands.
“Gavin,” I said to him, keeping my one low, though there were traces of concern leaking through. Gavin, stay with me.”
“Judy…” He whispered, his face nuzzling my hands. “Mmmm.”
He was burning up.
I looked at the bartender; something wasn’t right.
“Are you sure all he had was scotch?” I asked him.
He nodded.
“I’ve been here all night, and I didn’t serve him any other drinks. I mean, he came from the restaurant. I’m assuming it was a business meeting he was attending. He was with a bunch of men with suits and a gorgeous woman hulle -19.9
Chapter 524
+30 Bonus
“A woman?” I asked, my brows furrowed. “What did she look like?”
“Huge tits, nice ass… gorgeous red dress that hugged her fit form perfectly. Dark curly hair, bright green eyes with some blue and
grey in them… God, I could stare at her for hours. She left a little bit ago, though. I’m not sure if she’s coming back despite the
fact that she said she would.”
My heart cracked in my chest.
He was with Rachel.
“And she left him?” I asked.
He nodded.
“They came to the bar together and then she told him she’ll be right back and left,” he said, shrugging. “They looked very
intimate.” 1
I pressed my lips in a thin line, trying hard not to cry in front of the bartender. Now was not the time for pity parties. I needed to
get Gavin out of here, back to his home, before he made a complete fool of himself.
“I need to call for an Uber,” I told Gavin, hoping that he could hear and understand me. “Just sit tight. I’m taking you to your
villa, and then I’ll call Dr. Pierce.”
He grunted as his head rested back on the counter after I released my hold of him.
“I have a suite…” he murmured. “Just take me there.”
His eyes were closed, but he was clearly conscious.
I glanced at the Bartender, who just shrugged.
###Take 525
Chapter 525 
Gavin got a suite? But why? Was he planning on using it with Rachel? 1
The thought made my stomach churn.
“I’ll call the front desk and ask them,” Luis said as he grabbed the phone behind him.
A few minutes later, he hung up and turned to me.
“Apparently Gavin Landry owns a suite,” he clarified. “The very top floor.”
He wrote down the room number and handed it to me.
“I might need some help getting him there,” I murmured, trying to tug Gavin off the barstool, but his body was too heavy, and I
doubted he could walk.
“Hold on,” Luis said as he walked away, disappearing through a crowd. A few moments later, he returned with a couple of guys
by his side. “They’ll help you get him upstairs.”
“Thank you,” I breathed.
I had no idea who they were, but they reeked of humans, as did Luis. I had no problems with humans; I just didn’t fully trust
them. I wasn’t sure if they knew what we were, but if they did, they didn’t say anything or make known that they knew anything.
Because of how large the Casino Hotel was, it took a while to reach the elevator, and even that took a while to reach the top floor. We managed to get Gavin to his suite door, which was larger than all the other doors on the floor… shocker.
“Shit, I don’t have a key,” I muttered.
Gavin hummed and lifted his thumb before letting it fall to his side. I realized it had a thumbprint lock, and I sighed in relief as I
grabbed Gavin’s thumb and pressed it to the panel. Within seconds, the little light on the panel turned green, and I heard the lock
disengaging.
I opened the door and ushered the men inside the suite.
It was huge… bigger than any hotel suite I had ever seen. My mouth nearly hit the floor, though I didn’t have time to gawk and take in my surroundings. I felt underdressed even being in this room. The floors were marble, and we immediately entered a fully intact kitchen with brand new appliances that were so clean I could see my reflection in them.
We walked down a small flight of stairs that led into a living room area that had a giant flat screen TV on the wall, a huge luxurious couch that wrapped around the living room, a couple of love seats, a bookshelf, a glass coffee table, a huge marble fireplace with some pictures of Gavin’s family hanging on the mantle, proving his ownership. There were at least 5 different doors, and I’m not sure where each of them led, but I’m assuming different bedrooms and maybe bathrooms.
But that wasn’t what boggled me; what blew my mind was the large floor–to–ceiling windows that overtook the entire wall on the far side of the suite that overlooked the glorious nightlife and part of the gorgeous casino hotel that wrapped around.
1/2
Chapter 525
We were on the top floor, so the entire city was in view of the window and the prettiest sight I had ever seen.
“Where do you want him?” One of the guys asked, bringing me back to the present moment.
“Couch is fine,” I told him. “Thanks.”
He nodded and dropped Gavin on the couch. After I said goodbye and thanked them one last time, they left.
+30 Bonus
I sighed and went to Gavin, trying to assess him. He was still sweaty, and his eyes were closed. His breathing was coming out in
short rasps, and my heart clenched at the sight of him.
“I’ll get you some water,” I murmured. “And call Doctor Pierce. Maybe she can just meet us here.”
Just as I turned to walk towards the kitchen, his hand wrapped around my wrist, and suddenly I was being pulled into him. I fell
on top of him; before I could grasp what was happening, his hand came around the back of my head, and he was pulling into a
deep and passionate kiss.
P
###Take 526
Chapter 526
Judy’s POV
His kiss was everything I had longed for; everything that I had missed.
There was a hint of scotch in his breath, but for the most part, he was all Gavin. His taste was familiar and brought a world of comfort to my aching soul. His tongue slid between my parted lips, tasting me.
He was warm, and it brought warmth to my chilled body. The softness of his tongue was almost too much for me to handle as I
deepened the kiss with my own tongue, tasting what I had tasted so many times in the past. Tasting what I never thought I would
taste again.
His strong arms pulled me into him, so I was even closer, pressing my body against his rock–hard abs that I knew were beneath his suit. My legs were on either side of him as I straddled his lap, his hardness pressing between my legs, rubbing against my
core, and making heat flare up on my cheeks. 1
He moaned into my mouth as our lips moved together in sync, a harmony that only we could hear. He pulled back slightly, stopping the kiss to look into my eyes with his hooded ones. They were dazed and clouded over with what looked like desire.
He nipped at my bottom lip before capturing my lips in another searing kiss that made me see stars.
I knew that I shouldn’t be enabling this; he wasn’t in the right frame of mind.
However, I convinced myself that a kiss was okay… that I would put an end to it if it became more than that.
But as soon as his hands roamed across my body, I knew I was putty in his hands. I let out a gasp as his fingers found their way beneath my hoodie; I wasn’t wearing anything underneath because I was in such a rush to get to him.
His fingers found my breasts, and I felt my nipples pebbling beneath his touch, making me gasp as he continued to pour his heart
into the kiss. 
“I’ve missed these,” he whispered, twirling my nipples with his fingers, making them harden even more.
I couldn’t help the moan that escaped my lips. His touch went straight to my core, and I found myself soaking wet… wanting him and needing him more than I need my next breath. It had been so long since I felt Gavin inside of me, and though I knew I needed to put a stop to this before it got too far, my wolf and my body weren’t obeying what my brain was shouting.
“I’ve missed you…” I whispered against his lips, my tongue sliding across his bottom lip and making him tremble with a need
that matched my own.
He started to lift my hoodie over my head, but a knock on the door, a frantic–sounding knock, stopped me dead in my tracks. My eyes, wild and untamed, glared at the door. My wolf was angry at the interruption, but I was partly relieved that whatever was happening between us was ending.
Gavin was drunk… or drugged… or something. I would be taking advantage of him if things got any further, and my brain knew
1/2
Chapter 526
+30 Bonus
this, but my body didn’t care. Nor did my wolf; she was ready to mount him and have her way with him regardless of the state he
was in.
“Ignore it,” he said, his eyes hooded with lust and something else as he watched me have my internal battle.
Continue with Gavin, or push against my urge and wolf to answer the door.
With a groan, I slid off him, allowing his hands to fall to his sides in a defeated slump.
His eyes closed, and I wondered if he was about to pass out as I adjusted my hoodie and went to answer the door.
The second the door was open, I wished I could shut it again. My heart completely sank when I saw teary–eyed Rachel standing in front of me. She was wearing sleep attire, nothing like the gorgeous red dress Luis had described downstairs, and her hair was a
mess. 
“I heard Gavin was in here,” she said, glancing behind me. “I didn’t know he already owned a suite. I just booked us one for the
night.”
My heart shattered in my chest.
I wondered if she could see my messy hair where Gavin’s fingers were just entangled, or my swollen lips from Gavin’s searing
kisses. Or smell the lust and desires in the air from our heated exchange.
If she did notice, she acted as if she didn’t.
“You booked a room?” I asked, my brows raised.
She nodded.
“Our ride bailed on us, and instead of getting another one tonight and ruining someone’s evening, I figured we’d just book a
room and spend the night. I left him at the bar and told him I’d be back once I got everything situated. When I was gone, I was
told he went to his suite. With another woman.”
P
Comments
?
###Take 527
Chapter 527 
She looked at me, eyeing me head to toe.
“I’m assuming you’re the other woman?” She asked me, her
eyes narrowed.
I swallowed.
+30 Bonus
“I think he was drugged,” I told her, ignoring her statement. “Did you notice anything strange before you left him at the bar?”
She frowned and shook her head, tucking a strand of dark curly hair behind her ear.
“No,” she replied. “I mean, he was drunk, but that was about it. I told the bartender to keep an eye on him while I booked a room
for the night.”
I furrowed my brows, my wolf growing uneasy.
She didn’t trust Rachel, and I wasn’t sure if it was because she was jealous of her relationship with Gavin or if there was another
reason. But I also found it difficult to trust her; she just came into Gavin’s life last month and took Gavin from us… She faked her
own death years ago and broke his heart.
Why was she back now? After all these years?
When she noticed Gavin on the couch, she gasped and pushed past me. I nearly stumbled because I wasn’t expecting her to run
past me like that. She was soon seated beside him, pulling him into her arms. He groaned softly as she ran her fingers through his
hair.
“Oh, my poor baby,” she purred. “It’s okay now, I’m here. I’ve got you.”
He didn’t pull away from her or say anything. I think he was too out of it to struggle against her, but the sight of them together
made my chest hurt. She had her arms wrapped around him and her face nuzzled in his hair; a tear slipped out from her eyes and
went down her cheek.
“Thank you for taking care of my Gavin, Judy,” Rachel said, her eyes finding mine. “I’m glad he was in good hands.”
She didn’t question why I was there in the first place or how I knew Gavin was in trouble. She simply thanked me and held onto
him closer.
My Gavin…
She called him hers. 
My wolf growled possessively at the thought, and I pulled her back, not wanting to cause a scene right now. All that mattered was making sure Gavin was okay. I let myself get carried away by his kisses and touch, but the truth of the matter was, Gavin needed
help.
“I was going to call Dr. Pierce and-”
1/2
Chapter 527
+30 Bonus
“I have it handled,” she told me, her eyes never leaving mine. “You can leave now. I’ll make sure he pays you extra for your services.”
Though her tone was sweet, her words were condescending and sent a chill down my spine.
I didn’t want to leave him, not with her. But I wasn’t sure what else to do. I was about to open my mouth to protest… to say anything, but I stopped when Gavin murmured softly, “Rachel…”
My heart shattered even more if that was possible.
He wanted her… not me.
It was her he was thinking about when he was kissing me. When he said he missed these, he thought he was talking to Rachel.
It was her he missed… 1
How could I have let myself fall so deeply, knowing there was a chance I could get hurt again?
How could I be so stupid to think for a second that Gavin Landry could be mine… that he could want me as badly as I want him.
“I’m here, baby,” Rachel whispered, pressing her lips to his mouth, branding him as hers. “I’m not going anywhere, my love.”
He let out a sigh, like he was relieved to have her presence with him.
I took a step back, my eyes still glued on them. Though my wolf was frantic in my mind, wanting to be released so she could tear this woman apart, the human in me was breaking, and my fight–or–flight mode was active, and at the moment, all I could think
to do was run.
“Judy, can you shut the door on your way out?” Rachel asked, her eyes flickering over to me. “I’ll give Dr. Peirce a call just as soon as I get him into bed. Which, I’m sure, he’ll go easily for me.”
She gave me a slight smile; her fingers ran up his chest, and he let out another sigh. 1
I nodded, not sure what more to say. I had to get out of there before I vomited all over the pristine marble flooring.
Without another word, I turned and hurried out of the suite.
It wasn’t until I was in the elevator that I finally let my tears fall.
Comments
###Take 528
Chapter 528
Third Person POV
+30 Bonus
Rachel stared at herself in the mirror; she perfectly covered the hickeys that covered her neck and sprayed the room she booked
with a scented spray, hiding the scent of sex that was clearly evident.
She hoped she didn’t look too disheveled when she went back downstairs to meet Gavin at the bar.
She finished getting the room situated, slipped her shoes on, and started towards the door, but froze when she heard a
commotion in the hallway. Frowning, she turned the handle and pushed the door open, only to see a couple of men dragging a
very drunken and drugged–up Gavin towards a large set of doors at the end of the hallway. She was about to say something to
them when she saw Judy trailing after them, worrying her bottom lip and tugging at her fingers. Judy hadn’t noticed her, but the
rage Rachel felt was like no other.
What the hell was she even doing here
She hid away for a moment as Judy and the others took Gavin through the large set of doors. After a minute of waiting, with bated
breath, the men emerged without Judy or Gavin in sight.
“I shouldn’t be surprised a man like that owns his own suite here,” one of them murmured as they passed Rachel. “He looks rich
as fuck.”
“Pretentious asshole who can’t hold his own liquor,” the other murmured.
They both laughed as they made their way to the elevator.
Rachel gawked after them and then stared at the large doors.
Was it true that Gavin owned his own suite here?
Rachel’s cheeks flushed with anger. Why the fuck was Judy in his personal suite and she wasn’t? This wasn’t right! It was supposed to be Rachel. Rachel is the one who came back for him… she’s the one he loved and was going to marry a long time ago.
What was so special about Judy that gave her the right to his personal suite?
She closed herself back in her room and paced the space, her fists clenched at her sides. She wasn’t here to sit on the sidelines and watch another woman with her man. She was here to reclaim what once belonged to her. Giving up Gavin was a mistake; despite everything, she had loved him in her own way. She wasn’t ready to give up on that kind of love just yet.
She would be damned if she was going to let Judy Montague take away what belonged to her. She stormed out of her room and
hurried down the hallway, stopping when she reached the large set of doors. She realized it was locked by fingerprint, so there
was no way to actually break into the room… There was only one thing she could do.
She mustered up enough of her acting performance to produce a few tears, making her gaze tear–filled and somber as she
sniffled.
1/2
Chapter 528
+30 Bonus
She frantically knocked on the door, her body forcing a tremble as she waited for someone to answer, preferably Gavin, but she’ll
take what she can get. From the look on Gavin’s face when he was being dragged down the hallway, it didn’t look like he was
going to be doing a lot of walking in the near future.
After a few moments of waiting, her heart thudding violently against her chest, the door finally unlatched and opened.
Judy was surprised to see her, and there was a mix of hurt in her gaze. Rachel acted as the doting girlfriend to Gavin, and when
she saw Gavin slouched on the couch, sporting an obvious hard–on… she didn’t hesitate to shove past Judy and go to him. He
made it easy when he murmured her name and rested his head on her shoulder; it made the performance look more real in the
eyes of Judy, who was standing at the doorway watching them.
“I’ve got you,” Rachel purred, holding onto Gavin even tighter.
She told Judy she would call the doctor once she left, but that was the furthest thing from her mind. What she wanted was to get
Gavin into bed and undressed as soon as possible.
She wasn’t a complete monster; she wasn’t planning on taking advantage of him fully… but she wanted to make it appear as if
something had happened between them, further sealing their growing bond.
Plus, the thought of actually being intimate with Gavin made her stomach recoil. He was the enemy after all.
Once Judy left, a wicked smile spread across Rache’s face.
Gavin was breathing heavily from whatever interaction he had with her. His eyes had opened briefly, and when he saw Rachel’s
face, his brows furrowed, and he whispered her name. He was too far gone to fight the drugs, though, so Rachel used that as her opportunity to put on a little show for Judy to ensure she left.
D
Comments
Support
?
###Take 529
Chapter 529
She kissed him deeply, letting her tongue explore his mouth; he breathed her in, his nose crinkling in understanding that her
scent was wrong.
By then, Judy was long gone.
“Judy…” he whispered, his reality distorted. “You smell different.”
Rachel scowled at her name… why was he thinking about Judy still?
“New perfume,” she murmured as she pulled off her shirt. “Now, kiss my neck like you mean it.”
And he did; he grabbed her and kissed her neck like she was the most precious thing in the world, knowing damn well that it
wasn’t Rachel he was thinking about.
He nibbled and sucked her neck until she had red bruises all along her neckline.
She pulled his shirt off as well and did the same to him; he let out a soft moan, draping his fingers through her hair and pressing
her further into him as she nibbled and sucked on the nape of his neck, marking up his skin. She needed her scent all over him
and his all over her if she wanted him to believe this lie.
When he had a few hickeys coating his body, she pulled back, admiring her work with a winning smile.
She pulled him to his feet, and though he stumbled and could barely walk, she managed to get him into his bedroom, pushing him
onto the bed. He was practically asleep the second his head hit the pillow, which made her job that much easier.
She pulled off his pants and boxers, leaving him completely naked.
Rachel pulled the covers over his naked body and then went back into the living room. If she wanted to make this believable, she
needed to get drunk as well and make it seem like they were both overly intoxicated. She drank until she could barely see straight,
raiding the mini bar on the far side of the living room.
She drank and sprayed her perfume all over the room, hoping to mask Judy’s lingering scent.
Once she was done, she joined him in the room. She stripped off all her clothes and slid into bed.
Moments later, she was drifting off to sleep with a smile on her face.
This plan was bound to work.
Gavn’s POV
My head hurt like hell.
What the fuck happened last night?
173
Chapter 529
+30 Bonus
Before I even opened my eyes, I felt my head. I remember it was burning up at one point… but something made it feel better.
Or someone.
I startled when the image of Judy straddling my lap surfaced in my mind. Her breathy moans as she captured my lips with hers,
the taste of her tongue in my mouth, and the way we breathed the same air.
The feeling of her in my arms.
My cock stirred at the very memory. My very protruding and naked cock…
Naked?
I opened my eyes to the dim lighting of the room, glancing around the familiar suite.
How did I get to my suite?
I lifted my head, feeling a presence beside me, and I turned my head to see a figure in my bed. The blanket covered her entire body as she struggled against my pillow. With a pounding heart, I grabbed the corner of the blanket. I needed to see her for myself, to
know that it was Judy who warmed my bed just as she kissed me and made me feel more alive than ever last night. Just as she
cured the heat that threatened my body from the liquor that I had drunk.
I pulled back the covers, my heart dropping into the pit of my stomach as I saw the woman, the naked woman, who lay next to
me. 
Rachel.
She stirred as the cold air of the room hit her flesh, and then her eyes fluttered open, a tired smile on her face when she saw me
staring at her.
“Good morning, handsome,” she said, attempting to touch me, but I managed to dodge her.
“Rachel, what the fuck are you doing here?” I asked her, my eyes narrowed. I’m aware of how cold and cruel I sounded, but at this
moment, I didn’t care.
She frowned as she sat up.
“What do you mean? You invited me here,” she told her, her brows furrowed.
“No… what…” I started to ask because, from my memory, it was Judy I was with last night, but now my memories were starting to become distorted. “I-“I started to speak again, but that’s when I saw them.
The hickeys.
My markings… 
All over Rachel’s neck.
###Take 530
Chapter 530 
Judy’s POV
“Earth to Judy,” Lukas said, waving his hand in front of my face. “You keep spacing off. Are you sure you’re okay?”
I blinked a few times, allowing my eyes to readjust to his face. I nodded, running my fingers through my hair, which had pulled
free from its binding and was now scattered across my face.
“Yeah,” I said as I looked down at the books that were laid out in front of me. We were in our usual spot in the corner of the
library, our noses buried deep in the pages. It was Friday, and our exams officially started on Monday, so this was the last time we’d get to have our study session together. “Sorry, just a lot on my mind.”
I couldn’t stop thinking about the other day at the Grand Casino Hotel. My heart still ached when I saw Rachel and Gavin
together. Gavin might not have been in the right frame of mind, but it was Rachel that he was drawn to. It was her that he was
thinking about when he kissed me. It was her that he wanted.
I let myself cry that night when I got home, feeling stupid forever thinking that maybe he did want me after all. But since that night, I hadn’t allowed myself to cry over it again. I was stronger than that; I was training to be a fucking Gamma warrior, and I had offers left and right to join Elite forces. I am a warrior, and no man will ever define me.
Still, that doesn’t stop me from being distracted and lost in my own mind.
“Clearly,” Lukas said, his eyes narrowed. “Do you want to talk about it?”
I knew if I told him what had happened, it could ruin our friendship. If he had thought for a second that there was still something going on between Gavin and me, he wouldn’t have wanted to be my friend anymore out of fear that Gavin would try something and ruin his scholarship. Though he has finals like the rest of the school next week, Lukas still has another year of college to attend. He needed to keep his nose clean and his scholarship intact.
“No, it’s okay,” I told him. I glanced at the time and then sighed. “But I do have to go.”
Beta Taylor would be picking me up shortly. I have tutoring with Matt this evening, so it is likely that he was waiting in the car with Taylor. I didn’t want to keep them waiting.
Lukas also glanced at the time and then nodded.
“Yeah, I’ll walk you out,” he said as he packed up his things.
Once we were packed up and ready to leave, we walked in silence across the campus and towards the parking lot. As soon as we were in sight, I saw Taylor’s waiting car. I sighed, bracing myself for another awkward ride home. 
“I’ll see you later,” I told Lukas as I started to walk away, but he grabbed my arm and pulled me into him. I was surprised by the gesture because he had never hugged me like this before, but as soon as his arms came around mine, I suddenly felt my resolve breaking a little. I had to hold in the tears that threatened to spill down my cheeks. I closed my eyes and let him hug me,
his tight embrace an anchor to my soul.
Chapter 530
+30 Bonus
“Whatever is going on in your life, Judy, just know that I’m here if you need to talk about it,” he told me, his voice low and for my
ears alone. “I’m a good listener.”
1 
I nodded, my arms coming around him to hug him back. For a moment, I didn’t want to let go. It wasn’t romantic, but it was the
comfort that I desperately needed at that moment. I felt like I was drowning and at this very moment, he had become a life wraft.
“Thank you,” I whispered in return.
He pulled back to look at me, noticing that my eyes were filling with tears. He wiped away the invisible tears on my cheeks with his thumb and gave me a small smile, his eyes crinkling in the corner.
“Any time,” he replied. “Good luck on your finals next week.”
“You too.”
He nodded and dropped his arms from my shoulders. With a final wave, he turned and headed towards his car. I watched him for a moment longer before I turned towards Taylor’s waiting car and got into the backseat.
I was surprised when I didn’t see Matt in the car as well.
“No Matt?” I asked him.
Taylor was watching me with a curious expression, but there was a hint of something else in his eyes. A worry that caused my stomach to twist. His eyes kept going back and forth between me and Lukas’s car.
“I didn’t realize you and Lukas Merriweather were so close,” he told me, his tone having a hint of depth in it. 1
I frowned at him.
“He’s my friend,” I told him. “Not that it’s any of your concern.”
“Friends don’t hug friends like that,” Taylor murmured.
“Is there a point to this?” I asked him, raising my brows and feeling my defenses rising. “I mean, why does it matter?”
“It matters because Gavin had already warned him off. If he found out-”
“If he found out, then what?” I snapped, my resolve fading even more as my emotions started to leak through my voice. “He’s busy with another woman, so why does it matter if I have captured the attention of another as well?” 
P
Comments
###Take 531
Chapter 531
“It matters,” he said sharply.
I opened my mouth to say something, but no words came out.
What the hell does he mean by “It matters“?
“Where’s Matt?” I asked, changing the subject. “It’s Friday, we have tutoring today.”
Taylor sighed and then nodded as he put the car in drive.
“Gavin said that you can start tutoring at the Villa again,” he told me, much to my surprise. “In fact, he’s even wanting to talk to you.”
My heart started to beat rapidly in my chest at his words.
Gavin wanted to speak with me? About what?
Gavin’s POV
I hadn’t been able to face Judy in the last few days, though I’ve been wanting to speak with her for some time now. I wanted to ask her about the other night.
I was so sure I was with her; I could literally taste her on my tongue and though Rache’s scent was strong in the room, I could still smell the lingering scent of Judy.
Though it wasn’t Judy, I woke up next to that morning, it was Rachel.
Since that night, Rachel had been extra clingy. The only solitude I had was when I was at work, and even then, she still tried to interrupt me. I told my receptionist to tell her I’m busy on countless occasions, but she puts up a fight every time and causes a scene, which I can’t have in my business.
My head was pounding when there was a knock on my office door, my home office. I didn’t need to ask who it was because I could smell Taylor’s scent approaching.
“Come in,” I murmured, rubbing my temple with my fingers, trying to soothe away the dull ache. 
Taylor entered, his face looking a bit downcast as he shut the door behind him.
“Judy is with Matt in the parlor,” he announced.
I nodded, pleased that she was back at the Villa. I’ve been wanting her back at the villa for quite some time. Both my wolf and I felt better with her nearby, so we can keep an eye on her, but with me trying to figure out my placement with Rachel, it was better if Judy kept her distance this past month.
Chapter 531
+30 Bonus
Despite Rachel’s betrayal and lies years ago, I couldn’t dismiss the fact that she was still a friend to me and did help me out a lot when it came to my sister. Even if her actions weren’t always genuine. She was back now, wanting to make amends for what she
had done and I felt I owed it to her to give her that chance.
I looked at Taylor, who remained at the doorway, his eyes downcast.
I stared at him, my eyes narrowed.
“What is it?” I asked him after a moment of long silence.
Taylor finally looked up at me, and I could see the uncertainty in his eyes, like he didn’t want to tell me. I let a low warning growl escape my lips as my wolf fought to surge forward and rip the information out of his throat.
“I saw her and Lukas Merriweather hugging earlier,” he murmured. “It looked… intimate.”
I didn’t realize how hard I was clutching the pen in my hand until it shattered and ink spilled everywhere on my desk.
I cursed as I grabbed a paper towel to clean the mess, but the damage was done. The paperwork had been ruined, and now there was ink on my clothes and hands.
Taylor rushed to help me clean the mess, his face had gone pale because he knew what I was like when I got like this.
“I want him gone,” I said through my teeth. “I want Lukas off my territory.”
“The school is public domain,” Taylor told him. “He’s staying in the dorms, which means you have no say.”
“Then reach out to Mica and order him to send Lukas home,” I said, my eyes filled with a fiery vengeance. “I want him gone. I don’t want him anywhere near her… understood?” (1
There was a moment of hesitation, and it pissed me off even more.
“What?” I asked, my temper rising as my wolf grew more restless and pissed off.
“It’s just that… Judy seems to like him,” Taylor murmured. “If you send him away, I don’t think she’ll ever forgive you.”
My heart pinged at the thought. I knew he was right; Judy would never forgive me. Plus, what right did I have to tell her she couldn’t hang out with this guy when all I had been doing this past month was spending my time with Rachel? Trying to sort through my own goddamn feelings.
I stood to my feet.
“I need to speak with her,” I said as I walked around my desk.
I didn’t wait for Taylor to say anything else before I left my office. I could hear Judy and Matt giggling in the back parlor, and my heart started to beat faster the closer I got.
Just as I reached the archway into the parlor, I felt a hand wrap around my bicep.
“Oh, Gavin baby, there you are,” Rachel said, her body pressed close to mina, d—–
###Take 532
Chapter 532 
Judy’s POV
I sat motionless as I stared at Gavin and Rachel in the archway of the parlor. Matt also tensed from beside me, though his eyes were fixed on his books in front of him, and not on the pair of them. My eyes never left Gavin’s, and his eyes seemed to be glued to mine as well, though I couldn’t decipher the emotion lingering in them.
Without taking his eyes off me, Gavin asked, “Why were you looking for me?”
Rachel held herself closer to him, clinging to his arm like it was her lifeline.
“I wanted to ask your opinion on a few outfit choices for the charity banquet on Sunday,” practically purred. “I want to dress to
impress after all. It’s not often you get asked to be the date of Gavin Landry to an important event like that.”
My heart clenched in my chest as I stared at him. His face was indifferent, and his body was tense as he listened to what she said.
As if just noticing me in the room, Rachel’s eyes flickered to mine, and she smiled.
“Oh, hi Judy. I didn’t see you there,” she said. “You seem hard at work. Don’t let us disturb you.”
Rachel tugged on Gavin’s arm; he stood firm for a moment, his eyes still on me, and I wasn’t sure why he was staring at me like
that. But then, almost reluctantly, Gavin turned and left with her. (3)
I stared at the open archway that Gavin once stood in, my heart feeling almost empty and my hands trembling uncontrollably.
“Is my dad going to marry Miss Rachel?” Matt suddenly asked, finally lifting his gaze from the book to meet mine.
I felt my face pale at his question, and I met his eyes.
“Why do you ask?” I asked him, my voice coming out strained.
“Because Rachel told me she was going to be my new mom,” Matt said, a grimace on his face. “But I don’t want her to be my mom… I don’t really like her. She’s different…” 
“Different how?” I asked, raising my brows.
“I can’t explain it,” he murmured. “I just have a weird feeling about her. I really don’t want her to be my mom.”
My chest tightened from his admittance, and I found myself pulling him into my arms.
“Your dad will do what’s best for you and Irene,” I told him softly. “He won’t make her into your mother without speaking to you
about it first. He’s a fair man.”
As I spoke those words, I knew they were the truth. Gavin was a fair man and would always include his children in his decision-
making, especially when it affected them to this extreme.
“Speaking of Irene, how is she?” Matt asked. “I haven’t seen her for almost a month.”
1/2
Chapter 532
+30 Bonus 
Matt’s wolf had finally calmed down at the mention of Irene, but Gavin still thought it would be best if they stayed separate for right now.
During our training sessions, I had also been training with Matt’s wolf. Matt mentioned that Gavin had also been training with him, so things were definitely better for him, considering he’s the youngest person in history to shift.
“She’s doing good,” I tell him. “She misses you.”
“Do you think she’ll ever be allowed home again?” He asked. “The more I think about it, the more I don’t think she’s a bad person. What she did was pretty bad… but I think in her head it was justified. I don’t think she really meant to hurt me.”
“That’s really big of you, Matthew. I’m so proud of you for coming up with that conclusion on your own,” I told him, giving him a
gentle squeeze. “I think a little bit more space will do you both some good for right now. Plus, your father is actively trying to find
a couple to adopt Emalyn, and until then, Irene has a responsibility. It’s better if she stays there for right now.”
He nodded like he understood, though he still looked a bit conflicted.
“I wish you could just marry my dad,” he finally said, his voice almost vulnerable. “You’d be a much better mom…”
I pressed my lips together, trying hard not to cry. I wanted to tell him, “Me too,” but the words died on my lips. Instead, I gave
him another squeeze and then a pat on the back.
“Let’s get back to work,” I tell him.
He reluctantly agreed.
We spent the next few hours studying and then going over combat and defense techniques. I hadn’t seen or heard from Gavin the rest of the time, but just as I approached Beta Taylor’s waiting car, a hand stopped the car door from opening. I quickly turned to
see Gavin standing only inches from me, his gaze penetrating through me.
P
Comments
###Take 533
Chapter 533
“We need to talk.”
+30 Bonus 
I hadn’t realized I stopped breathing until his hand was wrapping around my wrist and he was pulling me away from the car. My
legs felt like complete Jello as I followed after him, my heart racing at lightning speed in my chest.
I wasn’t sure where he was taking me, but it wasn’t inside. We wandered around the villa exterior and then suddenly he stopped,
turning to look at me, his eyes dark and soul searching, leaving me paralyzed as I looked back at him.
“Tell me what happened the other night,” he said, his eyes narrowed as he studied me.
My face paled.
“What?” I asked him.
He stepped closer to me, his body only inches from mine, and made my heart beat even faster.
“Don’t play stupid with me, Judy. The Grand Casino Hotel… tell me what happened there.”
I studied him for a moment; he was so out of it that night that there was no way he would remember anything happening. Even
so, it wasn’t me he wanted there with him… it was Rachel. It was Rachel he thought he was kissing.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I told him, my voice coming out almost hollow.
He scowled at me, walked towards me and I took a step back, trying to gain some distance between us, until my back was pressed
against the building and there was literally nowhere for me to go. He put his hands on either side of me, resting them on them on
the building.
“Then why the fuck did I taste you on my lips?” He asked me. “Why do I remember the way you moaned my name? Why do I remember your warm breath on my skin?” His tone deepened with each question he asked, his lips growing nearer to my skin, making me tremble from his scrutiny.
My breathing was harsh as I tried hard not to look at him, but he made it impossible by how close he was.
“I don’t know…” I whisper. “Maybe you were dreaming…”
“Bullshit,” he said through his teeth.
“You don’t think I know when I’ve had a taste of you,” he whispered, his tone almost vulnerable, pulling me towards him.
I finally met his eyes, my heart breaking as I did.
Would he choose me if I told him that I was there that night?
Or would he reject me and go back to her? 
I couldn’t bear the thought of him rejecting me and going back to her… I couldn’t look him in the eyes while he told me he didn’t
1/2
Chapter 533
+30 Bonus
want me. I bit my lower lip, trying hard not to shed any tears.
“It was Rachel,” I told him. “The bartender called me, so I was there that night. I helped you to your room, but Rachel intercepted
and brought you the rest of the way. We said our goodbyes, and then I went home. That’s all there was to it.”
I hated lying to him, but I couldn’t face the disappointment that would be evident in his eyes if I told him it was me and not
Rachel. I knew where his heart was, and it wasn’t with me.
He stared at me for a long time, trying to gauge my expression to find out if I was telling the truth. He stepped away from me,
finally gaining some distance. I finally felt like I could breathe again.
I watched him as he ran his fingers through his hair, the confusion and conflict clear on his face as he processed this new
information.
After a moment of heated silence, he turned away and walked around the corner, leaving me alone with my thoughts and rapid
beating heart. 3
It took a while for me to move from my spot. Instead of going home, I had Taylor drop me off at the mansion. It’s been a while
since I saw Irene and the baby, and I could use a distraction.
Irene was in the living room, feeding the baby, when I arrived. She looked pleased to see me.
“Oh, good. I was going to call you today,” she told me as I sat down on one of the couches.
“Why?” I asked in return.
“Because there’s a charity event happening on Sunday and I’m expected to go,” she told me. “Since I don’t have a plus one… and I
really don’t want to go alone… I was kind of hoping that maybe you’d come with me” (1)
Comments
###Take 534
Chapter 534
Judy’s PV
My eyes grew wide as I stared at Irene. I remembered Rachel asking Gavin what she should wear to the charity event on Sunday, the same event that Irene was talking about. I had been to a fair share of these events, and both my parents would probably be there, seeming they were Deltas of the Redmoon pack; the Cash family was most likely going to be there as well.
It wasn’t something I was planning on intending, especially since Gavin and I had a falling out now that Rachel, his one and only love, returned. But as I stare at Irene, I can see the worry and seriousness hidden in her blue gaze as she nibbles on her lower lip,
waiting for my answer.
“The charity event?” I asked, my voice barely above a whisper.
She nodded as she shifted Emalyn’s position on her lap.
“Yes,” she replied. “Nan and Chester agreed to babysit Emalyn while I’m at the event. I really don’t want to go to this thing
alone… especially if Ethan’s family is going to be there. What if I break and bring up Emalyn?”
I raised my brows at her; I hadn’t even thought about that. Despite Irene’s nature and what she did to her brother, Irene wasn’t
great at keeping secrets.
“And you expect me to help you keep this secret?” I asked her, eyeing her carefully.
She shrugged.
“I just need a friend there,” she said softly. “I need some support.”
“You know, I bet if you asked Chuck, he’d drop whatever he’s doing to come help you,” I suggest, trying to get out of this because
I could already feel myself caving.
She sighed and ran her fingers through her blonde, disheveled hair. The mom look on Irene was something I was starting to get used to. For a long time, I knew her as the girl with perfect clothing and perfect hair 24/7… but now she looked as if she hadn’t
showered in days and was wearing the same clothes, with the same stain, then the last time I saw her a few days ago.
“He lives on the other side of the country,” she reminded me. “I don’t want to make him come to me for something like this.”
“Are you still in contact with him?” I asked.
I watched as her checks turned a shade of pink and she nibbled her lip nervously again before nodding.
“It’s weird… I can’t explain what’s happening between us. But do you believe in second chance mates?”
I blinked at her question.
Second chance mates were extremely rare and given to someone personally by the Moon Goddess herself if she found them worthy of such a chance. But it was strange she was asking because Irene never even had a first mate.
Chapter 534
+30 Bonus
“Of course I do,” I told her. “I’ve heard stories of it happening, but never seen it with my own eyes. But Irene, you kind of need a
first mate in order to have a second chance, mate.”
“Well, duh. I know that,” she told me, rolling her eyes, but there was no malice on her face, only a slight smirk as she met my
gaze again. “I think Chuck might be my first mate.” (1
I blinked again, dumbstruck by her admittance.
“What?” I asked, shocked.
Her face turned a bright shade of red as she placed a sleeping Emalyn down in her carrier that sat on the floor in front of the
couch.
“You have to promise that you won’t tell anyone about this,” she told me, her face serious.
I nodded without hesitation.
“Yes, of course. I promise I won’t say anything,” I tell her with honesty.
She relaxed slightly and nodded. She stole herself, trying to figure out the best way to explain it to me. I could see the inner
turmoil in her eyes and the worry that creased her forehead.
“Okay, so…” she began. “My wolf recognized him as our mate the second we spotted him.”
My eyes grew wide as I listened to her. That explains why she was so drawn to him; I should have known it was something like
that.
“But it’s clear that he doesn’t recognize us,” she whispered.
I wasn’t sure why she was whispering; we were the only two in the living room. Then again, this mansion was filled with staff. “Whispering Walls,” Nan had always called it.
“Why wouldn’t he recognize you?” I asked.
She sighed and leaned back on the couch.
“He had a mate once,” she whispered. “But she died during a rogue attack.”
Realization dawned on me; if you are granted a second chance, mate, you don’t know it until you mark them officially. It’s the
Moon Goddess’s one condition. She wants us to be able to fall in love naturally and truly move on from our past; she doesn’t want
us to be influenced by the mate bond. She will bring us together by allowing us to feel that connection towards one another, but
we are expected to make the relationship blossom and work on our own. Once we are marked and officially mated, our wolves will
recognize each other as second chance mates, and that’ll only bring us closer together and make our love that much stronger.
D
Comments
Support
###Take 535
Chapter 535
But because Irene had never had a mate before, she knew right away that Chuck was hers. However, Chuck, though he feels a
connection towards Irene, doesn’t know that she’s his second chance.
My heart broke for Irene because that must be so difficult.
“I’m so sorry,” I tell her.
She just shrugged and gave me a sad smile.
“It’s okay,” she told me, even though I knew it wasn’t. “But anyway, it would mean everything to me if you could come to the
charity banquet with me. Please, Judy, I don’t have anyone I can ask. You’re kind of my only friend.”
“Are you sure you even want to go to this event in the first place?” I asked her. “Especially with Ethan’s family being there.”
She groaned.
“Don’t remind me,” she muttered. “But I have to be here. It’s expected as the Landry Heir.”
I raised my brows.
“Will Matt be there too, then?”
She shook her head.
“He’s too young,” she explained. “He’ll stay home with Alex.”
I nodded, still pondering this. I really didn’t want to let her down, but I wasn’t sure I could face Gavin and Rachel again. My stomach was still in a knot from my last interaction with them.
As if she could read my mind, Irene leaned forward with a sly smile on her face.
“I’ll have my designer make a gorgeous dress for you,” she assured me. “Something that’ll knock the socks off my father. He’ll regret trading you in for little Miss Perfect.”
I hadn’t really gotten the chance to talk to Irene about Rachel. I knew Rachel had come by the mansion once or twice with Gavin/
She had known Irene when she was only a little girl so I assumed it’d be a happy reunion. I didn’t want to hear it from Irene that
Rachel was perfect for her father, and she was happy that she returned, so I kept my distance from Irene these last few weeks.
But seeing Irene’s face as she mentioned Rachel, it made my brows raise so high they disappeared through my hairline.
“Not a fan of her?” I asked her, my curiosity getting the best of me.
“I don’t trust her,” Rachel muttered. “I’m honestly surprised my father does. She gives me a nasty feeling in the pit of my
stomach.” 
“Weird,” I murmured. “Matt kind of said the same thing.”
1/2
Chapter 535
Her ears perked up at the mention of her brother.
“He did?” She asked. “So, we are in agreement. Neither of us wants our father to be with that woman.”
I nodded.
“Apparently,” I muttered in return.
After a beat of silence, Irene’s face sobered.
“How is Matt doing?”
I met her eyes and decided to be honest with her.
+30 Bonus
“He misses you,” I admitted. “But it’s better if you both keep your space from each other. His wolf calmed down a lot, and
between Gavin and me giving him shifting and control lessons, he’s more in control of his wolf than he initially was. No more
accidental shifting or letting his rage get the best of him. He’s very strong through; when he ages, he’ll be a powerful wolf for
sure. Just like Gavin.”
“Guess it runs in the family,” Irene said softly. “Do you think he’ll ever forgive me?”
I thought about it for a moment and then nodded.
“I think he already has,” I told her. “Just give it some time. Once things start slowing down, you’ll be able to see him again.”
She let out a breath and then nodded. We fell into a comfortable silence for a long while before she cleared her throat and looked
at me. 
“So, should I call my stylist and have her design you the perfect dress for the event?” she asked, a smile lighting up her face.
After another beat of silence, I finally nodded.
“Okay, yeah,” I told her. “I’ll go.”
She squealed happily as she grabbed her phone to text her stylist.
“You won’t regret this,‘ she told me happily. “We are going to make my father regret ever giving you up.”
Comments
? 
Support
Share
###Take 536
Chapter 536 
Judy’s POV
I wasn’t really sure what to expect, but the dress Irene had created for me was the most gorgeous thing I had ever worn. After Irene finished doing my hair and makeup, I stared at myself in the mirror, and I barely recognized myself. I took my own breath away. Irene stood behind me, a smile lighting up her face as she took me in.
“You look gorgeous,” she breathed, folding her arms across her chest. She had a smug smile on her lips, and I knew from that look she was planning something. “My father isn’t going to know what hit him when he sees you.”
I turned to look at her, a frown marring my lips.
“I’m not going to this thing for Gavin. I’m going for you,” I reminded her. “So, please don’t try to set up or anything.”
She looked almost hurt for a moment.
“What? Me? I’d never,” she teased, and then she winked. I just gave her a stern look, making her sigh, and then her face grew
serious. “Okay, won’t do anything. You have my word.” 1
I nodded.
“Thank you,” I told her.
“Besides, I won’t have to tell him anything. The second he sees you, he’s going to go insane.”
I roll my eyes at her.
“You have high hopes,” I tell her.
She grins and then shrugs. 
“Yes, I do, “she told me. “Because he already likes you. He just needs a reminder of that.”
My stomach knots at her words; I didn’t want to get my hopes up that Gavin would notice me during this event. But I couldn’t
help but wonder if he would or not. I had to admit, I did look gorgeous.
“Holy fuck,” Nan said as she walked into the room, her eyes wide with wonder. Judy? Is that you? I barely recognize you.”
I roll my eyes at her. 
“You are being dramatic. I still look like me,” I teased.
“No, you don’t,” Nan chuckled. “You look hot as fuck.” 
“Gee, thanks,” I said, ignoring her teasing laughter.
“But seriously girl; Gavin is going to lose his mother effing mind.”
T/A 
Chapter 536
“I told you,” Irene said, beaming. “My stylist knew what she was doing when she created this dress for you.”
+30 Bonus
I sighed and turned back towards the mirror. Suddenly, a knot formed in the pit of my belly, and I was nervous about this event. I had to remind myself that I wasn’t there for Gavin, I was there for Irene. My family was also going to be there, so that made things a bit easier.
“I need ot get dressed too,” Irene said as she gave my shoulder a squeeze. “Don’t mess up your hair or makeup.”
“I won’t,” I assured her. She left a moment later, leaving Nan and me alone. I turned to Nan, a worried expression clear on my face. “I’m terrified, Nan.”
Her expression softened as she approached me.
“You are going to be fine. It’ll be over before you know it, and then we can spend the entire week taking finals at school like none
of this happened. Remember what’s important. Your future… if Gavin isn’t a part of that future, then that’s his loss.”
I wrapped my arms around my body like I was desperate to hold myself together.
“Do you think he’ll even notice me tonight?” I asked her; a hint of vulnerability in my tone.
She grinned and gave me a once–over.
“He’d be stupid not to notice you,” she told me. “And if he doesn’t, someone else will. It’d probably make him jealous to see you
being hit on by other men. Maybe you’ll find one you’ll like.”
I let out a laugh; this was typical Nan.
I wish you could come,” I told her, feeling better already.
“I promised Irene I would babysit tonight,” she told me.
I nodded, and then I frowned as I looked around.
“Where is Emalyn anyway?” I asked.
“Napping,” she told me. “Chester is keeping an ear on her while he works in the kitchen.”
I nodded, relieved that Nan and Chester were the ones taking care of this baby while we were gone. I couldn’t have asked for a
better team. Despite their many problems, they’ve been learning to communicate and get along with one another. I’d actually argue to say they were falling in love with each other, and it was nice to see.
“Thanks for doing this for her,” I say.
Nan just shrugged.
“I’m actually excited to take care of a baby. I love babies,” Nan admitted. “Plus, it’ll be interesting how Chester handles
fatherhood.”
I chuckled, knowing she was right. Truth be told, I couldn’t imagine Chester as a dad, so this would definitely be interesting.
214
Chapter 536
+30 Bonus
I glanced at the clock and sighed; the event would be starting soon. The closer the time got to the event, the more my stomach
would knot up with anticipation. I had no idea what to expect.
Comments
Support
###Take 537
Chapter 537
+30 Bonus
I went with Nan out of the room and towards the front parlor, where Irene was just finishing getting ready. When she turned
around to face me, my jaw was on the ground. She was stunning in her off white gown that brought out the colors in her natural
features and highlighted her blonde hair. The dress fit her body like a glove and made all her curves noticeable.
Chuck would be on the ground if he saw her.
“Irene, you look beautiful,” I told her.
She beamed at the compliment before looking at the clock.
“Erik will be here soon to pick us up,” she told me. “Are you ready for this?”
I thought about it for a moment, my fingers nervously fiddling together as I nibbled on my lower lip.
“Maybe,” I told her, not wanting to admit how nervous I truly was, though it seemed she could see right through me because she
gave me a soft and compassionate smile.
“It’s going to be okay,” she assured me. “We are going to a charity event, one we’ve both been to on countless occasions, and we
are going to have a good time. No pressure… no boys… It’s a girls‘ night.”
I relaxed at her words and nodded in agreement.
“A girl’s night,” I repeated, letting my body relax.
There was a knock on the door, and my entire body tensed again. Irene chuckled and put a hand on my shoulder.
“It’s just Erik,” she assured me. “He’s taking us to the charity event.”
She grabbed her purse off the chair, and I shouldered mine, my entire body trembling as we walked towards the front door. Irene opened the door to see Erik’s smiling face back at us.
“Hey ladies,” he said, his eyes scanning each of us. He lingered on me a bit longer, his eyes dilated. “Wow, Judy. You look
gorgeous.” 
Erik always spoke to me informally because we had become friends over the years we’ve known each other. I blushed at the compliment and gave a small bow in response.
“Thanks,” I say to him, making him laugh.
“Shall we go?” He asked, offering us each an arm. We both took one of his arms, looping it with ours. I turned to look at Nan, who watched from the doorway with a bright smile. I waved at her and she waved back.
Erik unhooked our arms once we reached his car and opened the back door for us, helping us into the car without ruining our
hair, makeup, or dresses. 
“Thanks,” Irene said to him just before he shut the door and ran around to the other side to sit in the driver’s seat.
1/3
Chapter 537
+30 Bonus
As we sat in the backseat, watching as the mansion grew smaller in the distance, Irene hooked her arm with mine and gave me a
gentle squeeze.
“Tonight is going to go fine,” she assured me. “Stop worrying so much.”
I bit my lip and nodded, wanting to believe her.
Just then, her phone chimed; she frowned as she reached into her purse to grab her phone. She glanced at the screen, her frown
deepening even more.
“What is it?” I asked her.
“It’s a link to a live feed,” she told me as she clicked on the link and brought up the live feed. She smiled when she saw what it
was. “It’s a charity event. Someone I’m following is there and is live feeding the entrances.”
I looked over her shoulder as important high–ranking individuals walked through the crowd of onlookers to get to the charity event. Everyone looked gorgeous and very important.
I pointed when I saw my parents making their way through the crowd, ignoring the paparazzi as they often did at these types of
events. 
Then something else caught my eye, and my heart stopped in my chest.
“Hey, it’s my dad and Rachel,” Irene pointed out what I had already noticed.
It seemed the paparazzi were already eating up his date, trying to figure out who she was and her importance to Gavin Landry.
“Gavin, is this your new girlfriend?”
“What happened with you and Miss Judy?”
“Who is your date this evening?”
Gavin didn’t bother responding to any of them, but he didn’t have to. His body language was enough. He draped a protective arm around Rache’s waist and pulled her close to him, making the crowd gush in their favor. He held onto her tightly as he guided her through the crowd.
Just before Irene shut off the live feed, I heard someone in the background saying, “That must be his girlfriend… she’s way more suitable and stunning in his arms than Judy ever was.” 
D
###Take 538
Chapter 538
Gavin’s POV
As the car pulled up to the charity event, I knew I had to put my game face on. I hadn’t been able to sleep in the last couple of days since my interaction with Judy. I could still fucking taste her on my lips from that night a week ago and she had the audacity to
tell me it wasn’t her… that I didn’t have her in my arms. I knew she was lying to me; she was easy to read, but I couldn’t figure out
why she was lying. 3
The morning after that night kept flooding my brain, how I woke up naked in bed with Rachel lying beside me. Though my body
had her scent on me as well, and the markings covering both our necks were from one another, I knew the delicate taste of Judy
that remained on my tongue.
Her scent lingered in the room, despite how many times Rachel sprayed her perfume around the place.
“You seem lost in thought,” Rachel said, sitting beside me in the car. “You’ve been distant these last few days. Is everything
okay?”
I looked at her, the woman I used to be so desperately in love with, but all I feel right now is resentment. Resentment over the fact
that she returned in the first place. Resentment because it was her, I woke up next to that morning, and not the one I truly wanted
it to be. My wolf stirred in agreement, a strange reaction for him to have. No one I had ever dated or slept with had ever appeased
my wolf other than my late wife, Melissa. But that was because she was my true mate. Judy was the first woman he actually
seemed fond of and protective of.
It was no shock that he still couldn’t stand Rachel, even more so now.
“I need this event to go well. Some important shareholders will be there,” I tell her, trying to distract myself from the pending
doom I felt in my chest.
“Have I let you down when it comes to business meetings?” He asked, remembering how she kicked ass during the business
dinner last week at the Grand Casino Hotel. “We’ve got this in the bag. Just trust me, Gavin.”
She draped her arm through mine and gave me a smile. It was a familiar smile, filled with a tender warmth that used to make my heart skip a beat, but I didn’t feel the same warmth and love and love I once did for her.
She was someone I was planning on marrying; I bought the ring and planned out the perfect proposal. Then the tragedy struck, and I mourned her like I mourned my late wife. I was devastated at the time of her death, and I thought I would never find anyone to love again. I swore off love because it seemed that whenever I fell in love, bad things happened to them. It seemed as if I cursed.
I should be thrilled that it isn’t the case; that Rachel was alive and that my love for her wasn’t the cause of her unfortunate death. But I didn’t feel any of that stuff. My mind kept drifting back to the doe–eyed beauty I left pressed and breathless against the side
of my home.
Rachel took my silence as an agreement, and a smile lit her face.
1/2
Chapter 538
+30 Bonus
“I won’t let you down,” she assured me. “You have my word. I have a lot to make up for. I mean it when I say I’m in it for the long haul. I’m here to stay.”
My wolf growled deep in my chest, but I suppressed it, not wanting her to see how much my wolf truly despised her. Instead, I
turned my attention to my window, watching as the crowds grew thicker and the car began to slow.
We were arriving at the event, and I could already see the paparazzi swarming the place. Crowds of people who weren’t invited to
the event, or who couldn’t afford to purchase tickets, were also outside, trying to get a glimpse of the important wolves. Their
phones clutched in their hands as they eagerly waited to snap pictures and take videos. I had members of my Elite Force on watch,
keeping the crowds at safe distances.
Taylor stopped the car and walked around to the back seat to open the doors for us. I was the first to get out of the car, and then I
held my hand out for Rachel to take, helping her out of the car too. I fully intended on releasing her hand, but she clutched me like
a vise, refusing to let go.
Sighing, I went with her through the crowds and towards the front door. I could hear the questions of the paparazzi and the
flashing of the cameras. They were all inquiring who Rachel was and if she was my new girlfriend. I didn’t justify them with an
answer; they would twist it no matter what I said.
Comments
###Take 539
Chapter 539 
+30 Bonus
Rule number one of this lifestyle: never speak to the paparazzi during unplanned interviews.
One of the people in the crowd reached out to touch Rachel, getting a little too excited in her presence. I pulled Rachel closer to
me, putting a hand on her waist, and guided her the rest of the way to the crowd. Rachel didn’t seem to mind the closeness; she
beamed and gave me a bright smile, which I ignored.
My only focus was to get us inside safely.
Once we were inside, I released my hold on her as if she had bruised me.
She frowned when she noticed the distance between us.
“May I take your coat?” Someone asked Rachel, pointing at the shawl around her shoulders, covering her dress.
Rachel nodded, her eyes never leaving mine as she handed him the shawl. He went to put it with the other coats in the closet.
As always, the charity event was held in the most elegant fashion. Wait staff went around with champaign flute offerings to
guests; hors d’oeuvres were being brought around on platters. It was a black–tie event, so everyone was dressed in the most
elegant fashion. There was also music being played in the background; classical retakes of popular songs to appease the
generation.
younger
The hostess of the event, Elana Michalson, stood at the center of attention; her short curls bouncing around her features and her
green dress hugging her figure, making most of the men drool at her feet. She had been the hostess of these charity events for
years, and they’ve always been a success. Her husband is one of the top Alphas, and they both come from rich families. Elana also
descends from strong Alpha blood, making her an Alpha female, though she takes on the role as a Luna to support her husband,
Alacar Michalson of the Blue River pack.
“Should we get a drink?” Rachel asked as she too took in the scenery around her.
“We need to say hello to Elana first,” I informed her. “She’s the hostess after all.” 
I went towards Elana, who was entertaining a few other guests with tales of her recent travel, making them laugh at her witty commentary and colorful storytelling. Rachel stood behind me, a bit hesitant in her movements, but she followed me,
nevertheless.
Elana noticed me approaching, and her face lit up as she excused herself from her current conversation.
“Alpha Landry,” she greeted as she approached me. She kissed both sides of my cheeks as she often did in greeting. “I’m so glad you could make it.”
“I’ve never missed any of your events, Elana,” I remind her. “And I’ve told you before, call me Gavin.”
She was one of the few I allowed to call me by my given name Instead of my title or formal last name. Given our history and how she had been there for me and my family countless times, I owed her a great debt. I’m not sure I would have been able to find
Chapter 539
Matthew when he was 1 year old if it weren’t for Elana’s help during the search.
+30 Bonus
“It’s really good to see you,” she said, pulling back to look up at me. “You look well, how are things at home? Are the kids good?”
I nodded.
“They aren’t much kids anymore,” I told her. “Irene turns 21 soon, and Matt is turning 8, but he’s acting like he’s in his 20s. He’s wise beyond his years and just completed his first shift.”
Elana’s eyes widened.
“How is that possible?” She asked. “It’s never been known for anyone ot shift that early in life.”
“I know; I’m still not sure myself, but we are handling the best we can,” I told her.
Her eyes found Rachel, who was standing behind me.
“And who is this?” Elana asked, raising her brows.
“This is Rachel,” I introduced. “An old friend.”
Rachel frowned at my introduction, but then she plastered on a fake smile and shook Elana’s hand.
“It’s nice to meet you,” Rachel said.
“Likewise,” Elana replied, eyeing Rachel suspiciously. She opened her mouth to say something, but the murmuring in the distance caught her attention, and her eyes narrowed before widening. I was about to turn to see who caught Elana’s attention,
but then I smelled her. 1 
Her scent wafted through the room, rooting me to the ground. My wolf was immediately alert as his senses grew stronger.
It was Rachel’s words that confirmed my suspicions.
“What is she doing here” 1
Comments
Support
Share
###Take 540
Chapter 540
Gavin’s POV
It was as if time had completely stopped. I turned, willing my body to cooperate and move. The second I did, I almost wished I
could turn back around, but I couldn’t. My eyes were glued to her.
Judy.
She was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in my entire life. Her long hair was curled perfectly and draped around her
shoulders and down her back in delicate waves that made me want to run my fingers through it. The dress she wore looked like it
was made for her, hugging her every curve perfectly. It was elegant, leaving no mystery of what lay underneath the fabric. I felt a
surge of jealousy and panic for a moment, knowing that other men would also be looking at her body in the same way that I was
looking at her body. 1
Her long legs seemed even longer with the heels she was wearing, and I had to fight the urge to go to her and run my fingers up
her smooth skin. She wore makeup, which I never liked when she did because it hid her true beauty, but the makeup she wore this time almost highlighted her natural beauty. I knew from the handiwork that Irene took part in doing her makeup. My daughter had always been good at matching colors and giving makeovers.
Not that Judy needed a makeover, but still, she was stunning.
Irene stood next to her, a proud smirk on her lips as she scanned the room, noting how the men and even most women were drawn to Judy’s beauty. I felt my stomach twist at the thought of them looking at her like that, and I had to fight the urge to pull
her away and hide her from their sight.
My wolf didn’t hate that idea; in fact, he was almost encouraging it.
“Gavin?” I heard Rachel saying from beside me, drawing me back to the present moment.
“Hmm,” I said without taking my eyes off Judy.
“I asked what she is doing here,” Rachel repeated, folding her arms across her chest.
I didn’t like the way she was asking, like I had something to do with Judy’s presence. It was accusatory, though she was trying hard to hide it. I could hear a hint of insecurity in her voice that irked me. 2
“She must have come with Irene,” I told her, my voice kept in a low murmur.
Rachel swallowed; her eyes narrowed as she stared at Judy.
“Well, in that case, we should go and say hello,” she suggests, draping a protective arm through mine. 2 
I glanced at her fingers wrapped around my bicep before my gaze lifted to meet hers. I didn’t like her touch, and my wolf wanted to rip her head off at the thought of her thinking touching me like this was okay. But I couldn’t make a scene at an event like this, and plus, I truly was trying to regain my friendship with Rachel. Even if I didn’t find her romantically appealing anymore, that
1/2
Chapter 540
didn’t mean I hadn’t missed her as a friend. She was a good friend to me before we became serious. 9
At least, I thought she was a friend.
Turns out she was only using me to get information for her boss, Levi Churchill. 3
+25 Bonus
But I made a promise to her and to myself that I wouldn’t hold that over her head. She was a new person now; she had faced the
consequences of her actions, and she was filled with remorse. I wasn’t going to punish her for something that happened so long
ago and was irrelevant now. 13
Realizing she’s still waiting for my response, I gave her a short nod before my eyes landed back on Judy. I wasn’t sure if she saw
me or not, but she was in the middle of speaking to an older gentleman who had taken notice of her. Irene was also talking to
him, but his sole attention was on Judy. She looked a bit uncomfortable, and the way her cheeks flushed pink at whatever he was
saying made her look younger and more adorable.
I swallowed down the emotions that bubbled in my chest.
We walked towards her, Rachel trailing behind me, her energy all over the place. My eye remained glued to Judy as I approached.
She didn’t notice me until I was nearly in her face, her breath catching in her throat, and her body tense.
I saw her delicate throat tense as she swallowed, trying to keep her own emotions in check. Goddess, she was even more beautiful
up close. Her scent was wrapped around me like a silk blanket, pulling me in.
I loved the way her body reacted to me; the way her breathing quickened along with her heartrate; the way she nervously fiddled
with her fingers, not knowing what to do with them. The way she nibbled on the corner of her lip, drew my attention to plump
and very kissable mouth. The way her eyes darkened and dilated as she stared at me, her doe–like features growing larger by each
passing second.
Not interesting at all
###Take 541
Chapter 541
“Hey, Dad,” Irene said, breaking through the tension that had built between us. “Want to give her some space? You’re kind of
towering over her a bit.”
Irene’s words were like a reality check; I realized I was indeed towering over Judy and making a scene out of the situation.
The man who had been speaking to Judy, I recognized him as Gregor, Elana’s father. He was a former Alpha before he passed the
title down to his Son after his retirement.
“Alpha Landry,” Gregor greeted, holding out his hand for me to shake.
40
I never had bad blood with the guy; I liked him just fine. He was well off and was a fierce and respected Alpha. I never had issues
with him…. Until now. The way he looked at Judy, eating her up with his eyes, made me want to rip his head off.
“Gregor,” I greeted him informally, making his ears twitch. “Good to see you again.”
He nodded, his posture tense as he cleared his throat.
“I was just about to ask Miss Judy for a dance,” he told me, offering Judy his hand.
She stared at it with wide eyes, looking uncomfortable.
“I’m sure she’ll join you for a dance later. Judy and I have some matters to discuss,” I spoke before I could stop myself, I took a
hold of Rachel’s hand and at first, she lit up like a Christmas tree, a smile lighting her face. But then I brought Rachel’s hand to
Gregor’s outstretched hand, shocking them both. “Have you met a good friend of mine, Rachel?” 8
“I… I don’t believe we have,” Gregor stammered, a bit uncertain as he stared at Rachel.
I nodded.
“She’s the reason I was able to seal the deal with the shareholders last week. I’m sure you’ve heard of the Landry Corporation expansion, a deal so big that it’ll take my company to new heights?”
Gregor’s eyes grew wide; any wolf with rank had heard about this deal by now, so I wasn’t surprised when I saw recognition flash through his eyes.
“Yes, of course, Alpha,” Gregor said, nodding his head. “Are you saying this woman was the reason for that deal closing?”
I nodded.
“I couldn’t have done it without her,” I explained. “I’m sure you’d love to pick her brain about how she did it. Join her for a dance and speak to her personally.”
Gregor nodded as he closed his hand around Rachel’s. Her face paled as she looked up at me, and I saw a flash of hurt in her eyes.
Don’t get me wrong, I felt bad about pawning her off to the old man, but I needed some space from her constant presence, and I
1/2
Chapter 541
+25 Bonus
would do just about anything to keep Gregor from looking at Judy with that type of longing.
“You can’t be serious,” Rachel murmured, her breath. (2
“It’s just one dance,” I assured her gently. “And then we will have that drink you suggested.” 1
She swallowed, her eyes searching mine for any hint of deceit. Finding none, she finally nodded and turned to Gregor.
“I would love that dance,” she told him politely.
He nodded, a happy smile lighting up his wrinkled features as he pulled her along with him to the dance floor where others
danced elegantly with their partners.
“I’m going to get a drink,” Irene said, excusing herself as she walked towards the bar.
The second she was gone, I turned to Judy, her eyes were fixed on mine.
“Dance with me,” I told her. It wasn’t a question or a suggestion, but she blinked, her movements hesitant.
“W…what?” She stammered, finally finding her voice.
“You heard me,” I told her, grabbing hold of her hand and pulling her towards the dance floor.
My hand held hers, entwining our fingers, while my other arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her flush against my body. I
could feel every curve, every breath, and every beat of her heart.
When I spoke, my voice was low and almost dangerous, my lips brushing across her ear deliberately, wanting her to feel the
warmth of my breath against her cheek.
“Whose attention are you trying to attract, Miss Montague?” I asked, pulling her even closer if possible. “Because I’m about to 
gouge out every single eyeball in this room who looks at you.”
Not interesting at all
###Take 542
Chapter 542 
Judy’s POV
My body felt like it was on fire as Gavin spoke in a low and deep tone. His breath fanned across my cheek, sending goosebumps to form along my neckline and arms. His close proximity was intoxicating. My heart was hammering in my chest as I swallowed the lump that formed in my throat.
“Whose attention are you trying to attract, Miss Montague? Because I’m about to gouge out every single eyeball in this room who looks at you.”
His words sent a chill down my spine; his voice was icy and possessive in a way that was unfamiliar. I had never had anyone, not even Ethan, sound this possessive. The way his lips brushed across my ear made my knees weak and my body melted a little, but I
caught myself before I turned into a fool.
“What makes you think I’m trying to attract anyone’s attention?” I asked, proud that my voice came out stronger than I felt.
I felt him smirking against my ear.
“A woman doesn’t wear something like this without an alternative goal,” he murmured. 3
I hated that my eyes fluttered closed from the warmth of his breath against my features. His scent was choking me in a way that
made me not want to breathe.
“Well, you can thank your daughter for my choice of outfit. It was her designer who created this dress,” I said, my voice coming
out as a breath.
He pulled back slightly to look at me, trying to detect any hint of a lie, but finding none. His eyes were dark and dilated as he
stared into my eyes, and I swear I saw a hint of his wolf surfacing slightly, but it was gone before I could blink.
“You do realize that every man and even some women are staring at you?” He asked.
I smirked, finding a bit of confidence in the almost vulnerable tone he used.
“Jealous, Alpha?” I asked, teasing him slightly.
His nostrils flared.
“I don’t do jealous.”
“Could have fooled me,” I murmured. My eyes flickered over to Rachel, who was still dancing with Gregor, a retired Alpha. Though he seemed to be engrossed in whatever conversation they were having, Rache’s attention was clearly on my dance with
Gavin. I could see the jealousy and anger in her eyes, and it was like a bucket of cold water being dumped on my head. 1
“Perhaps you should be paying more attention to the men who stare your date instead,” I told him, my eyes finding his again.
His brows furrowed a bit, and I could tell he was about to say something, but I pulled away, feeling cold without his touch.
1/2
Chapter 542
+25 Bonus
“Thank you for the dance, Alpha,” I say as I walk around him to join Irene at the bar. He grabbed hold of my arm, not enough to
hurt, but enough to make me freeze and look back at him.
“The song isn’t over yet,” he said, his eyes darkening until they were almost black.
I pulled my arm away from his grasp, watching his hand fall to his side.
“It is for us,” I told him before I turned and walked away. I could feel his eyes following me,
forward. 18
but I forced myself to keep moving
By the time I reached Irene at the bar, I felt like I couldn’t breathe. My heart was pounding so heavily against my chest, and my
nails were digging into the palms of my hands, creating little moon marks in the process.
One look at my face and Irene already knew what was wrong.
She grabbed a shot off the bar top and handed it to me, grabbing one for herself as well.
“Forget about him for tonight,” she said, clinking the glasses. “This isn’t about my father. You are here as a favor to me, and I’m
forever grateful to you for it.”
Without a word, I downed the shot, realizing too late that it was straight up tequila. I let the liquor burn my throat, wincing as it
entered my stomach. Irene laughed at my expression before grabbing another shot.
“Should we really be getting drunk at this event?” I asked her. “Aren’t there important people here?” 1
“Girl, we don’t have to impress anyone,” she said, winking at me. “That’s the beauty of not being an Alpha or a Luna.”
“Yeah, but you’re the daughter of Gavin Landry. Aren’t you worried about your reputation?” I asked, staring at the other shot she
just handed me.
“Paparazzi aren’t allowed in this building, so we don’t have to worry about a bad publication,” she told me, nudging my shoulder. “You are here as a favor to me, and I’m here out of obligation to my father. Nobody here cares if we are here or not. The only reason anyone is interested in talking to us is because we look hot, not because we contribute to anything here. My money is my father’s money, so whatever contribution he makes, puts me in the clear of any actual financial obligation.”
I knew what she was saying, that we were allowed to have a little fun, but still, I didn’t want to make a fool out of myself in front of all these important people.
D
Comments
Support
Share
Chapter 543
###Take 543
Chapter 543
“Drink with me, Judy,” she said. “Let’s show my father that he doesn’t control your life.”
Her words sparked interest in me, and before I knew it, I was taking another shot of tequila.
She cheered, drawing the attention of others around us, making us both giggle with slight embarrassment.
“Judy?” My mother said as she approached. Per usual, she looked gorgeous in her own elegant dress; she had a confused yet
bright smile on her face. It was nice that she was taking care of herself again; I loved that things were going back to normal now
that my father was out of prison and not in jeopardy of losing his company. “I wasn’t expecting you to be here.”
“I’m afraid that’s my fault, Mrs. Montague. I asked Judy to be my plus one,” Irene said, putting an arm around my shoulder.
Irene had never actually met my mother before, but I knew she knew who she was,
as did
my mother.
“Miss Landry,” my mother said, looking between the two of us. “I didn’t realize you two were so close.”
“Judy is my good friend,” she told her. “As soon as she started to tutor my brother, we clicked right away. We clearly have the
same terrible taste in men,” she tried to joke, and I knew some of it was alcohol induced.
I nearly choked on the wine I started to drink.
My mother’s brows arched as she stared at Irene, and then she turned to look at me.
“May we have a word?” She asked.
I knew what was about to come and I wasn’t looking forward ot this conversation.
“Do we have to do this here?” I asked her, begging her with my eyes to just drop it for tonight,
He kept a plastered smile on her face, telling me that I wasn’t to argue with her. Sighing, I excused myself and followed her to a more secluded spot, feeling eyes on me as I walked through a small crowd. Heat prickled the back of my neck, but I refused to look around at the lust–filled and curious eyes.
My mother finally stopped walking once we reached a small section that had fewer people, and she turned to look at me.
“You’re hanging out with Irene Landry?” She asked me, her brows raised. “Gavin’s daughter?”
“I know what you are thinking, but I promise, this has nothing to do with Gavin,” I assured her.
“Gee, Judy. What do you think I’m thinking? First, you start tutoring his son, and now you’re friends with his daughter? Was this a ploy to get your father out of prison?”
“God, Mom! No!” I nearly shouted before composing myself and saying in a much lower tone, “I’m not using Gavin like that. I made it a point to make sure he never found out about Dad’s situation. I worked for him as Matt’s tutor so I could earn the money the right way. How I feel towards Gavin is completely separate from anything else.” 
Chapter 543
+25 Bonus
“Then why would he not only pay your father’s debt, but also pay to ensure your father never loses the company again?” She
asked, folding her arms across her chest. “Why would he do that for you if you didn’t ask him personally?” 1
I bit my lip and looked away from her penetrating gaze.
“I don’t know,” I admit. “That’s something you’d have to ask him.”
She stared at me for a long while before her gaze lingered on Irene, who was still drinking at the bar and flirting with an older gentleman. I needed to get back to her before she did something she’d truly regret.
“Isn’t she the one Ethan left you for?” My mother asked.
I looked back at her and sighed.
“Yes,” I told her. “But like me, she was left burned and disappointed. Now we are friends.”
“Heartbreak brings people together,” my mother said, the fight and edge leaving her voice. She gave me a small smile as she put her hand on my shoulder. “If what you are saying is true, that you didn’t tell Gavin about our family’s situation and you didn’t ask him for his help… then you must be really special to him, Judy.”
I blinked at her words, not sure where she was going with this.
“I’m sorry?” I asked; maybe it was the tequila in my system, but her words weren’t really making sense to me.
“A man wouldn’t go out of his way to help someone like that if there wasn’t something real there. I know I’ve been appearing unsupportive since finding out… but if he truly makes you happy and if he cares about you this much… then maybe it’s worth hanging onto after all.” 5
She squeezed my shoulder before kissing my cheek.
With those parting words, she rejoined my father, leaving me alone with my very confused and tequila–induced thoughts. 10 
###Take 544
Chapter 544
Judy’s POV
“There you are! Come on, you need to catch up,” Irene said as she placed another shot in front of me. I sat at the bar and took the shot, wincing at the sting as it hit my throat. She chuckled at my expression before taking another shot herself. “God, I hate these
parties,” she started to slur.
“Charity events?” I asked her, kind of surprised. These parties were in her element; I thought she foved dressing up and meeting
up with other rich people.
“Anything that has to do with stuck up rich assholes,” she muttered, taking a sip of her wine and rolling her eyes. “I always hated
this kind of thing.”
“I never knew that,” I told her. I felt the buzz of the alcohol making my head a bit cloudy. I looked around at my surroundings and saw how gorgeous everybody was; they were all mingling among themselves and laughing at stuff that probably wasn’t even all
that funny. 
My eyes found Gavin on the other side of the room, Rachel by his side. They were speaking to a few men in suits, men I didn’t recognize, but they looked as if they were all old friends… including Rachel. She was laughing at their chokes and putting her hand on their arms as she spoke, making the men blush and chuckle. I couldn’t help but roll my eyes; and the fact that Gavin just
stood there and didn’t do anything about it for some reason annoyed me even more. 4
Like if he was going to be in a relationship with a woman, at least act like it.
I turned away from him before he caught me staring. Irene noticed the expression on my face and glanced over at her father.
“He’s so stupid sometimes,” she muttered, rolling her eyes for the hundredth time. “Take another shot with me and forget about
him.” 3
She ordered another round; the bartender stared between the two of us for a moment, hesitating about pouring another round of
shots. But Irene pulled out a giant wad of cash and slammed it on the counter, making his eyes widen. Without a word, he poured
the shots and slid them in front of us.
Irene laughed when he walked away. She raised her glass to mine, and we clinked.
“To forgetting men,” she cheered a bit too loudly, making me cackle with laughter.
The tequila was definitely having an effect on me.
We downed the shot glasses, this one going down a lot smoother than the previous ones. 
Suddenly, I was feeling bold.
“Let’s dance,” I told her, knowing my voice was a bit louder than usual, but she didn’t seem to notice. She looked at me excitedly
and grinned as she grabbed my hand.
###Take 545
“Let’s do it,” she agreed, pulling me off the bar stool and towards the dance floor.
The dancing we did was not appropriate for this type of event, or the music being played. But in our drunken state, we both found
it to be hilarious. We laughed until our sides hurt. She started off with the chicken dance and then ended attempting to break
dance. I did some lame ballet moves and then attempted a split, which landed me on the ground, laughing.
We were so caught up in our own drunken stupor and lame dance moves that we didn’t even notice that half the audience was
watching us. Most of them looked horrified, but at the moment, neither Irene nor I cared.
Before I knew what was happening, a firm hand wrapped around my wrist. The entire room was spinning, and I couldn’t stop the laugh that bubbled out of me. I barely noticed that I was being dragged away from the dance floor.
As soon as the cool night’s air hit my skin, I realized we were now outside. Irene was by my side, her wrist also being held captive.
“You’re such a party pooper!” She complained, her words slurring on her tongue.
It took me a minute to register who she was talking to.
“Are you out of your mind, Irene?! You knew how important this event was, and you made a mockery of it,” Gavin’s voice rang through, echoing through the busy streets. “You owe Elana an apology once you sober up.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Irene said, rolling her eyes. “Sue me for having some fun and letting loose with my friend. Sorry that I don’t have a stick up my ass like the rest of these rich assholes.”
“You are out of line,” Gavin seethed.
“I got their coats,” another voice said from nearby. Everything was spinning and I was seconds away from losing everything I had eaten and drank; sweat started to form on my forehead, and my breathing came out in short gasps.
Comments
Support
Share
Chapter 545
Chapter 545
+25 Bonus
“Thanks,” Gavin said, shuffling towards the voice.
I managed to focus a little and saw Rachel standing beside him with our coats in her hand. The second my eyes locked on with hers, I lost everything that was in my stomach. I turned away and threw up all over the ground, my entire body heaving. 2
I heard Gavin cursing and then a warm fabric draping my shoulders. From the overwhelming scent of Gavin, I knew it was his
coat.
“I need you to do me a favor,” Gavin said in a low tone; I knew he wasn’t talking to me or Irene, which only left Rachel.
“Anything,” she said softly, making me want to vomit all over again. I focused on my breath, not wanting to puke all over his
coat.
“Take
my wallet and go back inside. I need you to stay until the end of the event and once they start taking donations, give them
my credit card. I already texted Elana the amount I’m donating, I just need to pay for it.”
“Why do I need to stay until the end of the event?” She asked, sounding a bit hurt.
“Because that’s when they are doing the donations, and plus, it’ll look bad if we both leave. You’re really good with these guys; you talk their language and get them on board quickly. They admire you; they barely even notice when I’m there. They won’t
notice me gone. Just keep doing what you’re doing. It would help me out a lot, Rachel.”
She was quiet for a moment before she sighed.
“Okay, but where are you going?” She asked him, folding her arms across her chest.
“I have to take these two home,” he explained. “I need to make sure they get back safely.”
“Get Beta Taylor to do that?”
1 
He put a hand on her shoulder; I had to look away before I completely lost it again. I hated their intimacy; I hated when he
touched her… I hated it when he looked at her.
“She’s my daughter, Rachel. I need to make sure she gets home. I won’t feel better unless I know for sure,” he told her. “I’ll have Taylor come back to pick you up later.”
Before she could say another word, I felt Gavin’s arms around me, and suddenly, I was airborne. I didn’t realize Irene was already in the back of the car, but she was seated when Gavin placed me beside her and then slid in beside me, shutting the door behind
him.
Rachel stared after us, standing on the curb with a deep frown; I couldn’t help but glance her way as the car pulled away from the building; her eyes piercing mine and I could have sworn I saw steam coming out of her ears.
I might have drunk out of my mind, but I knew one thing for sure… Rachel was fucking pissed.
1/3
Chapter 545
+25 Bonus
At some point, I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew, we were pulling up to the mansion. I half expected him to
just drop me off at home, so I was surprised when we reached the mansion. Irene was also asleep by the time the car stopped.
“Taylor, can you get Irene to her bed?” Gavin asked.
“Yes, Alpha,” Taylor said as he got out of the car.
Gavin pushed the car door open and got out before wrapping me in his arms and pulling me out as well. He held me bridal style; I was too out of it to fight him. I rested my head on his chest, listening to the steady beating of his heart as he walked with me inside the mansion.
20
I could hear some of the murmuring staff through the walls as we made our way up the stairs. I heard the clicking of a door, and from the scent surrounding me, I knew we were in Gavin’s room.
I heard another door opening and then closing, and then he sat me down on something cold. I opened my eyes to peer around at my surroundings, and I saw that I was in his bathroom; he placed me on the counter.
The sound of running water woke me a bit more.
0
He was quiet as he moved around the bathroom; his movements effortless and yet filled with purpose. It took me a while to figure out what he was doing but soon, he was standing in front of me, his closeness intoxicating.
“I’m going to undress you now,” he said, his tone deep. “And you’re going to let me.” 15 
###Take 546
Chapter 546
Gavin’s POV
I watched Judy’s body tense at my command. I wasn’t giving her an option. I was furious with both her and my daughter for
putting themselves and me in that position back at the Charity banquet. They should have known better; they are old enough to
know better. I was worried that if I opened my mouth and said something to Judy, things would blow up, so the best thing I could
do was keep quiet until my thoughts were gathered.
Telling her that I was going to undress her was the first thing I had said to her since the banquet, and my tone left her with no
room for argument.
She remained still, her breathing growing heavier as I neared her, wrapping my arms around her body and slowly unzipping the
dress from her back. My fingers brushed across her delicate skin, and I swear I felt her trembling under my touch. Her breath
hitched slightly as I reached her lower back, my fingers brushing across her tailbone until the zipper couldn’t go any lower.
The dress loosened around her body, and I was able to push it down until it was around her waist. I was careful with the delicate fabrics, knowing that this dress was no cheap. Telling from the stitching and the rare fabrics used, I would say that Irene had her
personal stylist design this dress specifically for Judy. It fit her like a glove, and she looked hot as sin wearing it. 1
My dick twitched at the even when I saw her and it hadn’t stopped since. I knew now was not the time for my horny thoughts. She was drunk out of her mind, and I was not the type of take advantage of women who are intoxicated; but damn, being this close to
her made me dizzy with lust. 3
She wore a strapless bra that blended in with her skin tone and pushed her breasts up, making them look bigger. It hooked from the front, which made things easier; I unhooked it, ignoring the way her breath hitched, and her eyes dilated. Her breasts spilled out, exposed to me. Her nipples were pink and hard, and my mouth watered; I wanted so badly to suck on them and make her scream my name with just my mouth. But I stopped myself from doing something I’d regret.
3
I cleared my throat, pulling my eyes away from her glorious breasts, and pulled the dress the rest of the way off. I grabbed a hanger off my bathroom door, and put the dress on the hanger, hanging it on the back of the door so it doesn’t get ruined.
Judy sat on the counter in just her black laced panties; her knuckles were white from gripping the edge of the counter hard. Whether she was trying to keep herself steady or keep herself together, I wasn’t sure.
“I’m going to take her underwear off now,” I told her, my tone deeper than I intended. My wolf was at the surface, ready to
devour her, but I pulled him back with all my strength.
She didn’t reply, she just watched me; her own eyes growing dark and yet a bit wary as she followed me with her gaze. My fingers hooked the band of panties; she licked her lip slightly, making my eyes dilate again. Before I could stop myself, a low growl
escaped my lips.
I pulled off her panties with more force than I intended, leaving her naked and exposed. My nose flared when I caught the scent of
her arousal. I needed to get her in that bath and my mind out of the gutter.
1/3
Chapter 546
+25 Bonus 
I wrapped her in my arms, ignoring the ache in my dick as I cradled her in my arms, her soft skin pressing against mine and the
soft purr of her wolf that practically tore my wolf from my body. It seemed my wolf wasn’t the only one affected.
I walked her over to the bathtub. It was filling fast, and the bubbles I placed in the hot water were making the bathroom smell like
lavender. I placed her in the tub; at first, she gasped from the hot temperature, but after a minute, her body adjusted, and I saw
her relaxing.
She was watching me, a wary expression on her face as I silently took the washcloth and started to wash her body gently. Her eyes fluttered closed, and my heart pinged at the sight.
I ran the cloth along her neck, feeling her pulse point, then I ran it down the nape of her neck and across her shoulders. Her breath hitched when I reached her breasts; the cloth brushing across her nipples caused them to pebble even more.
I moved my hand down her stomach, washing her torso before moving between her legs. She parted her thighs slightly, granting me permission to continue. I swallowed as I washed her most intimate areas, but I didn’t linger too long, not wanting to take advantage of her.
Once I was done washing her body, I washed her face, and then I grabbed a cup and started to pour hot water on her head to soak through her hair. I grabbed my shampoo, pouring a generous amount into my hands, and then I massaged it through her hair.
###Take 547
Chapter 547
+25 Bonus
She let out a soft moan as I massaged her scalp, a sound that went straight to my dick. I adjusted myself and ignored the aching
feeling between my legs as I continued to run my fingers through her hair, making sure each strand was lathered in my shampoo.
My wolf liked the fact that she was covered in our scent, right down to her hair, and I had to admit, I didn’t hate it.
I rinsed out her hair and then repeated the same steps with the conditioner. Once she was completely clean, I let her soak a bit
longer in the tub as I cleaned up the bathroom. I went to check on Irene to make sure she was soundly sleeping in her bed. She was
completely dead to the world.
I checked my phone and saw that Rachel had left me a few messages. I thought about opening them to see what she wanted, but I
decided to just ignore them for now. I put my phone on my nightstand, plugging it into the charger. 2
I pulled off my suit, neatly folding it and placing it on the dresser on the far side of the room. I grabbed a pair of sweatpants and
threw them on, leaving myself shirtless. I stared at myself in the mirror, my abs were bulging from my morning workout, and I
found myself flexing in the mirror. I wasn’t condescending, but I knew I was good–looking. 2
The soft sounds of Judy crying caused me to pause. My heart shattered into a million pieces when I heard the soft sounds of her
sobs. I heard the water splashing slightly as she attempted to get out of the tub, and then she cursed under her breath out of
frustration.
I quickly walked back into the bathroom; she paused and looked at me as if she had been caught doing something she shouldn’t
have been doing. She was hanging over the side of the tub, attempting to get out, but failing miserably. Her eyes were red-
rimmed, and I knew from the sight of her reddened face, tear–filled eyes, and the sounds I heard a moment ago, she had been
crying. 2 
My heart shattered at the sight.
“Let me help you,” I told her, my tone controlled as I took a couple of strides towards her. She didn’t resist me as I wrapped my
arms around her naked body and pulled her out of the tub. I walked her over to the sink, placing her down. She shivered, but she
was trying hard not to. I stifled a smile, finding it cute.
I grabbed a towel, wrapping it around her body.
I stared at her for a moment. I could see that the slight flush in her cheeks from the alcohol was fading, and her eyes were more
focused; she was sobering.
“I’m sorry…” she whispered brokenly, tears spilling her eyes and before I could react, they were spilling out of her eyes and down
her cheeks.
I quickly cupped her face, wiping her tears away with my thumbs.
“Hey,” I said soothingly. “Why are you sorry?”
“Because I ruined everything…” she whispered. “I’m so embarrassed…”
1/3
Chapter 547
+25 Bonus
Something told me she wasn’t just talking about the banquet, and it tugged at my heart.
“You didn’t ruin anything, Judy,” I told her softly. I wrapped her in my arms and held her close to my chest. She buried her face in my chest, listening to the steady beating of my heart; it seemed to be calming her. I ran my fingers up and down her back soothingly.
I lifted her off the counter and brought her into my bedroom. She didn’t say anything as I lay her down on the bed.
I left her in the room for a moment so I could grab some water from the kitchen downstairs. Thankfully, Chester wasn’t there. I didn’t want anyone to ask questions about why I was there so late at night. Once I returned to Judy, she was lying down, but her eyes were fixed on the ceiling.
“You need to drink,” I told her, handing her the cup of water. She lifted her head and took small sips of the water.
“Thanks,” she whispered.
I nodded and sat beside her in bed.
I wrapped her back in my arms, pulling her flesh against me. She went willingly.
“Why are you taking care of me?” She asked, her voice coming out as barely a whisper.
That was a loaded question with an answer I didn’t have just one to. Because she was mine… because I will always take care of her… because I will always protect her. Because despite all the chaos in my life, the only thing constant is her. 3
Instead of telling her with words, I lifted her chin with my fingers, making her look at me, and then I brought my lips to hers.
10 
Comments
###Take 548
Chapter 548 
Gavin’s POV
The kiss started off as sweet, almost tentative, like neither of us knew if it was a good idea or not. Since the bath and the water, she was much more sober than she had been when we left the banquet, though I could still taste the tequila on her breath.
She parted her lips slightly, inviting me into her mouth. I slipped my tongue between her lips, tasting everything she had to offer. As my tongue tangled with hers, she let out a soft moan as she melted against me. I wrapped my arms tighter against me, pulling
her flesh against my body. 1
She took it a step further by straddling my lap, my hardness pressing against her, and I knew the moment she felt it because her
hips started to grind against me. Her towel was barely hanging onto her body, her breasts practically exposed to me, pressing against my bare chest. Her skin was soft, and I felt her tremble as I touched her, running my fingers down her back and to the
small of her back.
“I want you,” she whispered against my lips. 2
“Are you sure?” I asked, not bothering to stop her, but making sure this was what she wanted.
“Yes.” 
She didn’t have to tell me twice, I ripped the rest of the towel off her body, throwing it off the bed and to the ground. She ran my fingers down my body, exploring each and every one of my abs. I felt my body flexing underneath her touch, and my breathing
hitched when she reached my bulge beneath my sweatpants. I watched her with a curious gaze, wondering what she was about to
do.
I was painfully hard, and it was taking everything in my power not to flip our positions and ram myself into her sweet pussy. But I
kept myself back, not wanting to overstep. I wanted her to have full control over this situation, even if my wolf was begging for
me to take control.
I felt my dick twitch as she ran the palm over her hand over it over my pants, a grin spreading across her face as she too felt it. She
liked the effect she was having on me, and I had to say, I liked it too. 3
She hooked her fingers beneath my waistband and tugged at my sweats until they were down my legs, my erection flying free for
her to enjoy. Her eyes widened at the size, as if she had never seen it before, which made a smirk tug at my lips. I liked the
reaction she had to me, like every time was our first time. I helped her kick the rest of my pants off, immediately precum started
to bead at the tip of my cock and she licked her lips at the sight of it, making me swell and twitch even more.
She wrapped her delicate fingers around my shaft and stroked me gently at first before she lowered herself down to me and wrapped her perfect little lips around my length, sucking me into her mouth. I gasped from the feeling and then let out a guttural
moan as she sucked me even deeper.
I had forgotten how good at that she was. She didn’t gag once as she took my entire length into her mouth, sucking like her life depended on it. She twirled her tongue around the sensitive tip, making it swell in her mouth. I dug my nails into the bed sheets,
1/3
Chapter 548
panting like I was trying to keep myself sane. I let out another moan, feeling like a bitch at her mercy.
“Holy fuck,” I breathed out, my voice coming out shaking.
+40 Bonus
She hummed in response to my sounds of pleasure, making a vibration that sent me over the edge. My eyes rolled out as I let out a
howl, knowing it was my wolf who had finally broken through the barrier that I kept between us and surged all the way forward.
I came undone hard, and she continued to suck me until there wasn’t a drop left. Once my body came down from its ultimate high, she released me with a pop and sat back on her legs with a satisfied grin.
I let out a low growl, unable to contain myself anymore, as I grabbed her and flipped our positions. She laughed, but then it
turned into a guttural moan as I rammed myself into her. I had completely lost control; it was my wolf who had taken charge, and he was after what he felt was his in the first place.
###Take 549
Chapter 549
Now it was her turn to moan in pleasure as I thrust as deep and as fast as I could. My animal instincts took over completely as I
continued to assault.
“Gavin!” She screamed out my name as pleasure consumed her; I felt her legs tensing as she wrapped herself around me, clinging to me like I was her lifeline.
“Cum for me,” I ordered, moving my hand between our joined bodies and rubbing her clit. She sucked in a sharp breath from the new sensation and another moan escaped her lips. “I said cum!” My tone was deep and demanding.
As if her body only responded to my command, she let out one last moan as she convulsed all around my cock. I continued to ram myself into her, chasing my own relief. I didn’t stop until she was a trembling mess on the bed, and I was completely out of
stamina.
By the time I was finished, we were both panting.
I pulled myself out of her, watching my cum spill onto the bed sheets.
She was half asleep, but she had a satisfied smile on her lips as I climbed off her. We were both sweaty messes, and I loved everything about it. I pulled her into my arms, kissing the top of her head and holding her as tightly as I could, afraid that ifl let
go, she would disappear. 2
“Gavin…” she whispered. I shushed her by capturing her lips with mine, giving her a heated kiss, using my tongue to search her mouth, and leaving her breathless.
“Sleep,” I whispered against her lips, reluctantly ending the kiss. “We’ll talk in the morning.‘
She relaxed and then nodded as her eyes fluttered shut.
“In the morning,” she repeated sleepily. (1
She drifted off, and then not long after, I too drifted off to sleep.
As the morning approached, I was awoken by my phone ringing. I groaned as I reached for my phone on the nightstand, realizing
that Judy was still tangled around me, sleeping soundlessly. I smiled, tugging at the corner of my lips. I kissed the top of her head,
untangled myself, and grabbed my phone.
Beta Taylor.
I sighed and pressed the talk button as I got out of bed; I really didn’t want to wake Judy this early in the morning.
I didn’t say anything into the phone until I was safely out of the room, tugging my sweatpants on in the process.
“Sorry to bother you so early,” Taylor said. “But there’s a slight problem.”
“What is it?” I asked as soon as the door was shut behind me and I was in the hallway.
1/3
Chapter 549
+40 Bonus
Rachel had a panic attack. When she found out you never returned to the villa last night, she freaked and broke some things. She
ended up passing out. I brought her to the pack hospital. My mate is examining her as we speak.” 8 
I cursed under my breath; I probably should have replied to her text and told her I wasn’t coming home. But why the fuck did it
matter if I returned or not? It’s not like Rachel and I were in any type of relationship besides a broken friendship; one we had been
trying to revive but clearly failing at. 2
The truth of the matter was, I didn’t trust her. 4
I glanced behind me at the closed door that led to my bedroom. I didn’t want to leave Judy here alone after last night, and I did promise her that we would talk this morning. I knew she would be busy this week because of finals, and she needed to
concentrate. I made a mental note to speak with her later, for right now, it was better not to stress her out. 8
“I’ll be there shortly,” I told Taylor as I hung up.
I ran my fingers through my hair and went back into my bedroom. Judy was still asleep. Oblivious that I had left. Being as quiet as I could, I changed into a shirt and jeans. I went into the bathroom to brush my teeth and make my hair a bit more presentable before going back into the bedroom.
I went to Judy’s bedside, bent to her, and kissed her on the cheek, brushing a strand of hair out of her face.
“I’ll see you soon,” I whispered to her, peppering another kiss to her cheek before pulling back. 1
I looked at her for a moment longer before I went towards the door. Without any other thought, I left to go see Rachel in the hospital.
###Take 550
Chapter 350
fud’s POV
I woke up alone.
Was I hurt? Yes.
**** +25 BONUS
Was I surprised? Not in the least.
Sighing, I got out of bed, wrapping a towel around my body before leaving Gavin’s room. His scent was everywhere, and my body was still thrumming after last night. I went into the room that used to be mine; I still had a few clothes in the closet that I could change into, just in case I ended up spending the night here
I used the attached bathroom to take a quick shower before I got dressed. Once I was fully dressed and my wet hair was tied into a low pony, I felt more like myself. I had a slight headache from the tequila, but the water Gavin gave me helped to keep me hydrated for this morning.
I needed to put my game face on because today was the start of finals, it was crucial. Regardless of what was going on in my personal life, I needed to stay focused. 2
I made my way down the stairs and into the kitchen. Chester was already cooking breakfast. Nan was seated at the table instead of the counter barstool like usual. It was easy to see why she was seated at the table, though; in her arms was Emalyn. She was bottle feeding her, and her eyes were shining with love and affection.
“Seems you’ve taken to the baby,” I said, grabbing an apple out of the fruit dish.
“She’s just so cute,” Nan breathed, cradling the baby in her arms. We had such a nice evening last night.”
“Yeah, for once… we didn’t fight,” Chester teased, a grin on his face.
“Maybe all you needed was a baby,” I teased back.
They both blushed at my words and then glanced at one another, almost shy, before returning to what they were doing. That was when an idea popped into my head, and I didn’t care if it made things that much more awkward between them.
“You know, Irene can’t continue to take care of this baby,” I told them. “Gavin is actively looking for a forever family for Emalyn.”
Nan glanced at me, a curious look in her eyes. I could tell she had no idea where I was going with this.
“Have you considered adopting a baby?” I asked them.
Chester nearly dropped the spatula he was holding, and Nan’s eyes widened.
“What?” They both asked at the same time.
I shrugged, trying not to grin at their stunned expressions.
“Adoption,” I repeated. “Emalyn needs a family, and you two are really good with her. You both seem to take a liking to her, and she seems to like you as well. Why not?”
“Maybe because we just started seeing each other?” Nan sputtered
C
“You’re mates,” I told her. “You are supposed to be together. Plus, you didn’t JUST start seeing one another. You’ve met months ago.” 3 
“Yes, and it’s been a rocky few months,” Nan argued. “I’m still trying to figure out if I trust him with my heart, alone have a baby with him alone.”
‘You aren’t having a baby with him, you’re adopting a baby,” I told her. “A baby that needs a home.”
Chester glanced at Nan; his face was red as the apple I had just bitten into. His eyes drift to the baby and then back to me.
Chapter 550
“Do you think we’d be good parents?” He asked, his tone soft and Imost vulnerable sounding. 
Nna’s eyes grew large as she stared at her mate.
“You can’t be serious,” she sputtered. “Are you seriously considering this?” 
He shrugged, avoiding her eyes.
+25 BONUS
“I don’t know… I mean, I like Emalyn, and I’m falling in love with you. I don’t intend on screwing up this relationship. You’re my mate, Nan. I want to spend my life with you and have children with you. I want Emalyn to have a good home, and let’s face it, you love that little girl. You love taking care of her, and honestly, do too. I think she’d be good for us, just like I think we’d be good for her. I’m not saying let’s jump into it with both feet, but it might be something to consider if the option is there.” 
Nan opened her mouth to speak, but before she could, the door to the kitchen opened and in came Irene, looking as if she had just crawled up from the pit of hell. I had never seen her look so disheveled before; she hadn’t even showered.
The sight made me want to laugh out loud.
“What’s an option?” She asked, her eyes squinting to adjust to the light. “Shit, I feel like I got run over by a truck.”
Chester grinned as he pulled a glass of milk out of the fridge and handed it to her.
“You’re just hung over,” he muttered, ushering her to sit at the counter while he continued to prepare breakfast. “Nothing a little milk and greasy foods won’t fix.”
###Take 551
fud’s POV
I woke up alone.
Was I hurt? Yes.
**** +25 BONUS
Was I surprised? Not in the least.
Sighing, I got out of bed, wrapping a towel around my body before leaving Gavin’s room. His scent was everywhere, and my body was still thrumming after last night. I went into the room that used to be mine; I still had a few clothes in the closet that I could change into, just in case I ended up spending the night here
I used the attached bathroom to take a quick shower before I got dressed. Once I was fully dressed and my wet hair was tied into a low pony, I felt more like myself. I had a slight headache from the tequila, but the water Gavin gave me helped to keep me hydrated for this morning.
I needed to put my game face on because today was the start of finals, it was crucial. Regardless of what was going on in my personal life, I needed to stay focused. 2
I made my way down the stairs and into the kitchen. Chester was already cooking breakfast. Nan was seated at the table instead of the counter barstool like usual. It was easy to see why she was seated at the table, though; in her arms was Emalyn. She was bottle feeding her, and her eyes were shining with love and affection.
“Seems you’ve taken to the baby,” I said, grabbing an apple out of the fruit dish.
“She’s just so cute,” Nan breathed, cradling the baby in her arms. We had such a nice evening last night.”
“Yeah, for once… we didn’t fight,” Chester teased, a grin on his face.
“Maybe all you needed was a baby,” I teased back.
They both blushed at my words and then glanced at one another, almost shy, before returning to what they were doing. That was when an idea popped into my head, and I didn’t care if it made things that much more awkward between them.
“You know, Irene can’t continue to take care of this baby,” I told them. “Gavin is actively looking for a forever family for Emalyn.”
Nan glanced at me, a curious look in her eyes. I could tell she had no idea where I was going with this.
“Have you considered adopting a baby?” I asked them.
Chester nearly dropped the spatula he was holding, and Nan’s eyes widened.
“What?” They both asked at the same time.
I shrugged, trying not to grin at their stunned expressions.
“Adoption,” I repeated. “Emalyn needs a family, and you two are really good with her. You both seem to take a liking to her, and she seems to like you as well. Why not?”
“Maybe because we just started seeing each other?” Nan sputtered
C
“You’re mates,” I told her. “You are supposed to be together. Plus, you didn’t JUST start seeing one another. You’ve met months ago.” 3 
“Yes, and it’s been a rocky few months,” Nan argued. “I’m still trying to figure out if I trust him with my heart, alone have a baby with him alone.”
‘You aren’t having a baby with him, you’re adopting a baby,” I told her. “A baby that needs a home.”
Chester glanced at Nan; his face was red as the apple I had just bitten into. His eyes drift to the baby and then back to me.
Chapter 550
“Do you think we’d be good parents?” He asked, his tone soft and Imost vulnerable sounding. 
Nna’s eyes grew large as she stared at her mate.
“You can’t be serious,” she sputtered. “Are you seriously considering this?” 
He shrugged, avoiding her eyes.
+25 BONUS
“I don’t know… I mean, I like Emalyn, and I’m falling in love with you. I don’t intend on screwing up this relationship. You’re my mate, Nan. I want to spend my life with you and have children with you. I want Emalyn to have a good home, and let’s face it, you love that little girl. You love taking care of her, and honestly, do too. I think she’d be good for us, just like I think we’d be good for her. I’m not saying let’s jump into it with both feet, but it might be something to consider if the option is there.” 
Nan opened her mouth to speak, but before she could, the door to the kitchen opened and in came Irene, looking as if she had just crawled up from the pit of hell. I had never seen her look so disheveled before; she hadn’t even showered.
The sight made me want to laugh out loud.
“What’s an option?” She asked, her eyes squinting to adjust to the light. “Shit, I feel like I got run over by a truck.”
Chester grinned as he pulled a glass of milk out of the fridge and handed it to her.
“You’re just hung over,” he muttered, ushering her to sit at the counter while he continued to prepare breakfast. “Nothing a little milk and greasy foods won’t fix.”
###Take 552
Chapter 552
Chapter 552 
Judy’s POV
+25 BONUS 
I should have known that’s where he had gone this morning. He had sex with me last night and then left to be with another woman. My heart was shattered, and I hated that he affected me so much. Nan, feeling my mood shift, wrapped an arm through mine and gave me a reassuring squeeze.
“I’m sure it’s nothing,” she whispered to me.
She wasn’t meaning for Erik to hear it, but with wolf hearing, he heard lier clear as day. He glanced at me through the mirror with a small frown.
“She’s in the hospital,” he clarified, drawing my attention to him
“What?” I asked, raising my brows.
“Rachel,” he clarified. “She’s in the hospital. He went to make sure she was okay. Taylor called him this morning and told him about it. That’s all I really know, though.”
My heart thudded against my chest; many different scenarios played out in my head.
“What happened?” I asked. “Why is she in the hospital?”
“You’d have to ask him,” he replied. “I’m not entirely sure.”
>>
“That’s all the information you have?!” I practically shouted; I was aware that I was acting stupid. This wasn’t Erik’s fault, nor was it his problem. I wasn’t being fair to him, and the look Nan was giving me told me she agreed with my internal monologue.
“It’s not my business to know these things, Judy,” he said with a sigh, his attention on the road. “You’ll have to ask him later.”
I sat back in the seat.
“Sorry, Erik,” I said softly. “I don’t mean to take my frustration out on you.‘
He nodded but didn’t say anything more.
>>
Soon, we were arriving at the school. We said our goodbyes to Erik before heading through the campus grounds. The school was packed with students who were cramming for their finals last minute.
“I’m so nervous,” Nan admitted. “I know we are prepared and all, but still.”
I nodded in agreement.
“Yeah, I’m a bit nervous too. This is kind of a huge deal.”
“Hey, Judy,” Lukas said as we entered the student lounge. “Did you get anymore studying done this weekend?”
“A little, but not as much as I’d like,” I admitted. “How about you?
“I crammed all Saturday, but didn’t do much studying yesterday,” he told me. “Hopefully, it doesn’t affect my scores.”
“At least your graduation isn’t pending until next year,” Nan told him. “You’ll be fine.”
“Yeah, but every grade counts,” he told us. “If I don’t pass these with flying colors, I’ll lose my scholarship, and my uncle will force me home.”
“He’s not paying for you to be here?” Nan asked, raising her brows
“He didn’t want me to come here at all because it’s so close to the Landry territory,” he admitted. “The only way he allowed me to come here is by my own merits.” 
I nodded, understanding why this was so important to him.
1/3
Chapter 552
“You’re going to be fine, Lukas,” I told him. “We will all be fine.”
+25 BONUS 
“I have to go,” Nan said, giving me a brief hug. “My first final stars soon, and I need to get to class and prepare myself.”
“Yeah, I should probably head to class too,” I say. “Good luck, you guys!”
With a rapidly beating heart I headed out of the student lounge and went to my first class. There were already some students doing some last–minute studies by the time I reached the class. I sat down in my seat, took out my notebook and spent some time studying myself.
I knew this material inside and out, so I wasn’t sure why I was so nervous.
Maybe because my head was a bit clouded and I knew this distraction could be detrimental. The teacher walked into the classroom, putting his briefcase on his desk and then turning to the class as more students started to fill the seats.
“Welcome to your final day in this class,” he announced. “Shall we begin?”
Gavin’s POV
I hated having to leave Judy this morning to go to the hospital. I couldn’t even see Rachel when I first got there because she was being examined by the doctor. I paced the living room, my heart practically in my throat.
3 
I grabbed my phone, about to text Judy, when the doorway to the emergency room opened and Dr. Pierce walked out.
“Alpha, she’s ready now,” she announced. ‘You can come see her.”
I let out a breath and nodded as I followed her through the doors and towards the room Rachel was in.
Rachel was sitting up in bed; she didn’t look like someone who should be in a hospital. She looked perfectly fine. When her eyes met mine, there was a flash of something in them that I didn’t recognize.
###Take 553
Chapter 553 
Chapter 553 
+25 BONUS 
“Pistill running some tests, but as far as I can tell, it was only a panic attack. I’ll leave you two to talk,” Dr. Pierce said as she turned and walked out of the room, leaving me alone with Rachel, f
I walked to the bed, my posture stiff and my eyes narrowed.
“Rachel, what happened?” I asked her, trying to keep my tone calm.
She folded her arms across her chest.
“You didn’t come home last night, and I freaked out,” she admitted. “I broke a few things, and then I passed out. Next thing I knew, I was here.”
“You shouldn’t have freaked out,” I told her, unable to hide my agravation.
“You didn’t come home!” she repeated, loudly.
“It’s not your place to decide when I return to my home,” I said through my teeth. You are a guest in my home, and you were disrespectful last night.”
“I was worried about you! You wouldn’t answer my text messages or phone calls and-”
“I was busy.”
She faltered for a moment, her eyes welling up with tears.
“Is there no hope for us, Gavin?” She asked softly. “You’ve been cold towards me for days now. I thought we were building something. Is it because I betrayed you all those years ago? I already apologized for that and told you that the love was always there. I’ve always loved you…” 2
“Things are different now, Rachel. I agreed to give things a chance and see if we could rekindle anything…we can’t. I’ve tried, but my heart isn’t in it. So, I agreed to friendship. That’s all I can give you right now. I’m sorry if that’s not what you want to hear, but that’s all I’m willing to give you.” 2
“Is it because of her…?” Rachel asked, her eyes turning cold and almost calculating, causing me to freeze. “Judy?”
“Leave Judy’s name out of your mouth,” I practically growled; I felt my anger rising almost immediately.
“It is… isn’t it. You were with her all night,” Rachel said through her teeth. “That’s why you reak of her scent! Did you fuck her last night?”
“You are out line.”
“I think I have a right to know,” she hissed. “Did you or did you not fuck Judy Montague last night.”
My wolf was furious at her audacity; he felt we had every right to rip Rachel’s head off for disrespecting judy in the first place. He was uneasy over the fact that Rachel felt comfortable slandering her in such a manner, and honestly, I couldn’t blame him. It was taking everything I had to keep myself and my wolf under control.
Before I could reply, Dr. Pierce walked back into the room holding a small file. She was reading them, her expression hard to read.
I could practically hear her heart beating at a quickened pace, and my mind was racing, wondering what could be wrong. It was obvious something was wrong from her demeanor.
“What is it?” I asked, ignoring the look Rachel was giving me.
“Alpha, I think we should speak in private,” she said, her voice sounding almost distant and at that moment, I realized her face had gone pale as well.
“Um, excuse me… if it has something to do with me, I’d like to hear it was well,” Rachel said, folding her arms across her chest. “You are not about to keep me in the dark about this.”
1/3
Chapter 553 
+25 BONUS 
Dr. Peirce looked at her and then back at me. 
Inodded, granting her permission to continue speaking openly in front of Rachel. Dr. Pierce took a deep breath, steeling herself.
“Well, as you know, we wanted to rule out everything. A fainting spell isn’t normal for someone who has a panic attack, and we wanted to be sure that’s all it was. So, we took some bloodwork, along with urine samples, and brought them to the lab for further testing,” Dr. Piercé explained.
“We already knew that,” Rachel scoffed, rolling her eyes. Had she always been this bitchy or am I just noticing it now? “Get on with it.‘
“Mind your tone,” I said through my teeth; it felt like I was scolding a child.
Dr. Pierce cleared her throat and turned to Rachel before continuing. 
“Well, we got the results from all tests, and they all came up with the same conclusion.”
“And that is?” She asked impatiently. 5
“You are pregnant.”
38 
###Take 554
Chapter 554
Gavin’s POV
“Pregnant?” Both Rachel and I said at the same exact time.
“How is that possible?” I asked, my eyes darting to Rachel. “Who Had you been with since coming here?”
“Are you serious right now” She asked, her cheeks flushing. “Do you seriously think I had been with anybody other than you”
“We didn’t…” I started to say, but she held up her hand, her eyes growing colder.
“You literally woke up naked with me in bed next to you,” she said cutting me off. “Don’t you remember our time at The Grand Hotel?”
I felt bile rising up in my throat. I was still convinced that Judy was the one I had been with that night, but when I woke up, it was Rachel’s naked body that was beside me, and her marks all over me that branded me for a few days. I was glad that they were finally gone, but now it seems we have an even bigger problem at hand.
“No, even if that’s true, I’m always careful,” I say, refusing to believe that I got Rachel pregnant.
“We were so drunk,” Rachel said. “Neither of us was careful that night, Gavin.”
“From the results, it seems she’s a little over 2 weeks pregnant,” Dr. Peirce continued, her eyes fixed on the file and not at all on our faces.
“See?” Rachel said, a smirk on her face. “That’s the same time as the Grand Casino Hotel.”
“Excuse me for a minute,” I said, turning and walking towards the door.
“Gavin, where do you think you are going?!” Rachel asked, annoyance clear in her tone.
“I need to make a phone call,” I told her over my shoulder without looking back.
Once I was in the hallway, I let out a breath I hadn’t known I was holding. I reached into my pocket and pulled out my phone. I brought up Taylor’s contact number and clicked the call button, bringing the phone to my cheek.
“Alpha,” Taylor greeted on the phone; he knew right away that this wasn’t a personal call.
“I need you to find out everything you can about that night at the Grand Casino Hotel,” I ordered. 1
There was silence on the other end for a moment.
“When you went there for that meeting a few weeks ago?” Taylor asked.
I hadn’t told Taylor the entire story from that evening. I suppose now I should do just that.
“Yes,” I replied. “Something happened that night, and I think it’s coming back around to bite me in the ass.”
“Want to enlighten me and tell me what happened?” He asked. “I need to know what it is I’m looking for.”
“As you know, we had an important meeting with important shareholders, and something happened with our ride, where he needed to leave. I sent out a memo requesting another ride, but I seemed to have misplaced my phone shortly after and didn’t hear anything back from anyone. Rachel and I went to the bar to get a drink, and I got way too drunk off one scotch…”
“One scotch got you drunk?” Taylor asked; I could hear him typing away, so I knew he was taking notes. The typing had stopped for a minute as he asked that question.
“Yes,” I told him. I knew that was weird as well, but I was so wrapped up in what happened the next morning, I hadn’t really thought about the evening as a whole. “The rest of the night was kind of a blur after that. But I remembered Judy being there. I remembered the feel of her body pressed against mine, the sound of her breathy moans… the taste of her-“1
1/3
Chapter 554
“Okay, don’t need that many details,” Taylor interrupted. “Get to the end of it.”
Trolled my eyes.
+25 BONUS
“I woke up the next morning with Rachel in my bed instead of Judy We were both naked, and I had hickeys all over my body. She had hickeys all over her as well that I knew were from me. Her perfume was all over the suite, though I could still smell the lingering scent of Judy as well, so I knew she was there.”
“Did you talk to Judy about it?”
“Of course I talked to Judy about it,” I snapped. “She denies being here. I don’t know why she’s denying it, but she’s adamant about keeping it from me. decided not to push her, and I just walked away,”
“That was stupid,” Taylor muttered as he continued to type on his computer. “What time was the meeting again? 6 pm?” 2
“Yes.” 
###Take 555
Chapter 555 
“And what time did you get to the bar? I’ll try to get the security footage from that night,” Taylor told me.
I’m not sure why I didn’t think about that sooner.
Running my hands through my hair, I muttered, “We got to the bar a little before 9.” 
There was more typing on the other end of the phone.
“Can I ask, suddenly, why you are looking into this?” Taylor asked “It’s been weeks since the meeting.”
+25 BONUS 
I was quiet for a moment, my eyes drifting back to the hospital room door, a deep–rooted worry festering in the pit of my stomach.
“Because I might have gotten her pregnant.”
Third Person POV
Rachel sat in the hospital bed, watching as Gavin stormed out of the room. Her chest felt heavy, though at the same time, she was elated. She was pregnant with a baby; this was the perfect opportunity to trap Gavin into mating with her. Once he makes her his Luna, the entire pack will fall at her feet; she will be able to get all the information needed to take over his company once and for all, and then bring it to the ground.
She touched her belly where her future lay.
“Since you are not the mate of the Alpha, the baby will need a paternity test once it’s old enough,” Dr. Pierce continued, making Rachel’s heart thud even faster in her chest. “It’s just for precaution.”
“Of course,” Rachel said; a paternity test was easy to fake; it would be no issue getting fake results.
After a few more words from the doctor, she too left the room soon after. The second Rachel left the room, a slow grin spread across her lips as she grabbed her phone off the table beside the bed. She scrolled through her phone until she found the person she was looking for.
“About time you called me,” he said, his tone low and dangerous, sending a shiver down Rachel’s spine.
“Aw, have you missed me?” Rachel teased.
“You’ve been there for over a month,” he growled. “I expected to hear from you much sooner. Why are you now just contacting me?!”
“Jealousy isn’t a good look on you,” Rachel practically purred. “Didn’t I tell you to trust me?”
“Don’t test me right now,” he seethed. “I need an update on your progress. Are you sticking to the plan?”
“Yes, I’m sticking to the plan. I’m glad to report that I’m in the hospital right now… just found out I’m pregnant.”
“With whose baby?” He asked through his teeth.
“Some humans… just as promised,” Rachel said with a chuckle. “Don’t worry, I won’t let Gavin truly touch me. I’m not his to touch. I only belong to you, My Love.” (1
“But he thinks it’s his baby?”
“Yes,” she replied. “I made him think it was during a drunken one–night stand, one he barely remembers anything from ** night. This is a perfect plan, just like I told you it would be.”
“What will you do with the baby once it’s born?” He asked.
Rachel rolled her eyes. 
1/3
Chapter 555
+25 BONUS 
“I don’t know; maybe give her away for adoption or something. Does it really matter what happens to it? It’ll be half human… that’s practically useless to us. There’s a chance it’ll never get a wolf.” 12
True, but right now that baby is the ticket to get into the Landry corporation. If he thinks that baby is his… he’ll think it’s the heir. We need to tread carefully if we want to pull off this mission. $1
Rachel grinned, her fingers splaying across her still flat belly. The thought of taking over the Landry Corporation as her in at choke hold and her heart racing with exciteinent.
“Trust me, love. I know exactly what I’m doing. Gavin might be wary of trusting me right now, but once he comes to terms with the fact that I’m pregnant with his baby, he’ll come around and start accepting me as his chosen mate.”
“You better be right,” he growled. “I’m putting a lot of resources into this.”
Rachel giggles.
“It’ll be over before you know it. Then once I’m done here and Gavin Landry and his company are officially destroyed, I’ll be right back there, warming your bed and being your mate just like we always planned.”
There was silence on the other end before he heaved a sigh.
“Just call me regularly to keep me updated. Don’t keep me waiting again, Lila.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, Alpha.‘
###Take 556
Chapter 556
Judy’s POV
+25 Bonus
It’s been a week. 2
One week since I last saw Gavin. It has been one week since I last spoke to him. I didn’t bother calling him on the phone or texting him like I did last time. I knew what this was; he wanted to get laid, and he used me for that reason. I just didn’t understand why he didn’t just use Rachel. I mean, they were close now. None of it was really making sense.
I hadn’t told anyone about my night with Gavin because I was embarrassed about putting myself in that position again. I was embarrassed because I let that man use me and my body to get his rocks off, and I was once again left in the dust.
Last week, Gavin told me not to worry about tutoring Matt during my finals week at school. He didn’t want Matt’s tutoring and training to become a distraction, so Taylor had been taking me straight home after school. I’ve been drowning myself in studying and doing my finals each day. Though Gavin was a bit of a distraction himself, constantly popping into my mind at the wrong times, I was confident he wasn’t a distraction enough. I got through most of my finals except for this last
one.
Today was the final for my combat class. I knew I’d ace it without a problem, though, and most were terrified to go up against me because I had already won the Gamma competition.
The final was in the gym, and anyone could watch if they chose to. Nan was in the front row, cheering for me. I smiled at her when she waved before I took my seat with my other classmates. I looked around at the nervous faces, and I felt like I was the only confident one, which was funny because everybody in this class was really good.
Once my name was called and my opponent, Monica, was called, I put my game face on and stood in the center of the gym. She looked to be a nervous wreck, her eyes were clouded as she stared at me, and I hated that I was intimidating her, but I needed a good grade for this class. It’s not like she’d fail the class if she failed this competition. The professor is only looking at our technique and whether we actually learned anything in his class. If she gives me a good fight, he will pass her no problem.
“Good luck,” I say to her, trying my best at a warm smile.
She tried to return it, but it looked more forced, and she gave me a short nod.
As the bell sounded, we got into our stance and circled around each other. I always learned to never make the first move; only attack if being attacked. The professor hadn’t taught us that, though someone needs to make the first move. I watched her every movement, the way her eyes darted back and forth. The way she sized me up, the way her eyes would stare at my hands and then my legs, trying to figure out what kind of attack I was going to do first.
I’m sure she had seen most of my attacks from class and from watching the competition, which I found out that the entire class had watched me in the competition over the course of the summer.
Her mistake was staring at my feet for too long; I now knew she was going to try and knock me off balance. An opponent is weaker on the ground, and though it was a good tactic, her tell was too obvious.
She immediately went for my feet, and at the last second, I back–flipped away from her. In the process of it, I swung my foot out and knocked her to the ground. She gasped and attempted to kick herself out from under me, but I was faster and pinned her in a way that she couldn’t move. If she was a real enemy, I’d be able to slit her throat from his position and end her life immediately. But because this was only à final in a class, I pretended to slit her throat just for good measure, making everybody stand to their feet and cheer.
“That was the fastest time yet,” my professor announced, clapping his hands. “You both did well. Monica, I do have a few notes for you, but you handled yourself well, and though it failed, you did attempt some of the moves taught during class. Good job.”
She was flushed cheeked when I released her. Her eyes were filling with tears; I knew she was feeling bad about how she performed. She wanted to do better despite the praise she was receiving.
“It’s not fair,” I heard her whisper to another classmate. “I did have to go up against Judy the tank.”
###Take 557
Chapter 557
+25 Bonus
I frowned at the nickname; I was trying not to listen, but I couldn’t help myself.
“She’s a fucking beast,” the classmate agreed. “At least it’s over now.”
“You were amazing!” Nan said after we left the gym once the final was complete. I smiled at her and gave her a quick and sweat–coated side hug.
“Thanks,” I told her. “I didn’t mean to intimidate anyone. But it seems they were all afraid of me.”
Rightfully so,” she said, nudging me with a smirk. “You kick ass, Judy. You deserve to be feared for once in your life you badass warrior bitch.”
Naughed, letting myself feel good for once. The finals were complete, and I felt amazing. I think I actually aced each and every one of them, despite my clouded brain. Though I feared that now that my finals were over and I could finally relax, the weight of worries would bury me alive. Now all I had left was to think about Gavin and why I hadn’t heard from him all week after our night together.
The last I’ve heard, he was with Rachel in the hospital, but I hadn’t heard anything more about it. It was also no longer Taylor picking me up from school and bringing me home; this entire week, it’s been Gamma Erik. When I asked where Taylor was, Erik told me that he was on a special assignment and didn’t have much more information for me.
It left me with an unsettled feeling, but I’m hoping the answers will come to light soon enough. I should be returning to my tutoring job next week, and then I’ll be able to see Gavin at the Villa. I’ll get the truth out of him one way or another.
Except it didn’t work out as planned. For whatever reason, the tutoring sessions had been moved back to my house instead of the villa. Erik would pick me up with Matt tucked away in the back seat and then take us to my house.
“I don’t understand why we are doing tutoring sessions here again,” I murmured as we pulled up to the large building. It broke my heart knowing that Gavin was pushing me away again and I didn’t understand why.
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Erik said with a shrug. “They don’t tell me anything.”
“My dad’s been really busy lately,” Matt said as we walked through the front doors of the house. “I barely saw him all last week.”
“Really?” I asked, raising my brows. “What’s he been up to?”
Matt shrugged.
www.
“Who knows? It’s all very secretive, though. They stop talking when I’m nearby and he’s been hanging out with Rachel a lot,” he muttered, his eyes rolling as he spoke.
“Judy, is that you?” My mother asked as she came around the her face. “Oh, hello Matthew,” she said politely. “I didn’t l
“I’m starving,” Matthew said with a grin. “Thank you, Mr.
She paused when she saw us standing in the living room and then a small smile spread across
you’d be this evening. Are you hungry? I was just about to make dinner.”
“Oh, sweetie, you can call me Shelly. We are practically family at this
He smiled at her words and gave her a small nod.
“Will you be doing your tutoring sessions here again?” My mother asked.
I nodded.
“Yeah, i guess for the time being.”
“Everything okay with Alpha Landry?” She asked, her lips turned downward, and her eyes filled with concern.
“I’m not entirely sure,” I admitted. “I hadn’t heard from him for a bit. Matt says he’s been busy.”
Matt nodded, confirming my words.
“I see,” my mother said, eyeing me carefully. “Did you get your final grades back yet?”
I shook my head.
“Not yet, but hopefully soon.”
“Keep me posted. In the meantime, I’ll start making dinner. Your father should be home soon.”
With that, she left the room and went into the kitchen.
As I studied with Matt and helped him with his homework, the living room filled with the delicious scent of my mother’s cooking. She was an incredible cook, and my stomach growled with anticipation for her food. Matt’s mouth was practically watering as dinner time neared.
My father came home, looking exhausted from a long day of work. He greeted Matt before retreating to the kitchen.
Just then, my phone went off.
I glanced at the screen and saw that the school had sent me a text. When I opened the text, there was a link. I clicked on the link, and my eyes grew wide.
###Take 558
Chapter 558
Gavin’s POV
“Are you seriously avoiding her?” Taylor asked, folding his arms across his chest. “It’s been almost 2 weeks since you found out about Rachel’s pregnancy, and you haven’t talked to Judy yet?”
I ran my fingers through my hair, my frustration levels growing with each passing second. It’s been a hell of a two weeks, too. I had barely slept, and I’ve only eaten scraps, my appetite was shit. My thoughts were overwhelming me, and my investigation work had been exhausting.
If Rachel truly was playing a con like I suspected, she was good at her job. Every security footage, every scrap of fucking evidence… everything ounce of proof I could possibly get my hands on, it’s all been void and deleted. She’s good at covering her prints, I will give her that. 2
“I can’t face her until I know the truth,” I said, feeling a headache forming at my temple. The thought of Judy made my heart ache. I couldn’t look her in the eyes and see the hurt when she found out about Rachel’s pregnancy. I couldn’t let this terrible thing get to her because I knew with certainty that it would destroy her. I couldn’t be the reason for her heart to break… not again. 4
And yet, I craved her touch. I craved her taste. Every second that Judy isn’t in my arms drives both me and my wolf even crazier. I’ve been more temperamental than usual, snapping at everyone, including my Beta and Head Gamma.
Rachel has been trying to cling to me, and though I’ve been entertaining her to keep her close and unaware, her touch disgusts me.
I’ve been careful not to mention anything to Matt or Irene about the pregnancy because I didn’t want it getting back to Judy. I needed to find evidence that this baby wasn’t mine… or that Rachel wasn’t truly pregnant, and then I could face Judy again. (1
“What if you don’t like the truth when you find it?” Taylor asked, raising his brows. “What if Rachel isn’t playing some kind of game and she’s telling the truth. What if this baby is—”
“Don’t fucking say it,” I growl, my wolf on edge.
He held up his hands in surrender.
“I’m just saying, you should be prepared for bad news,” Taylor said. “You don’t know what happened that night.”
“I didn’t sleep with her,” I said with sharp conviction. “That night might have been blurry, and yes, we were both marked up, and I was covered in her scent. Yes, I woke up naked next to her… but I didn’t fuck her. I know I didn’t. She wasn’t the one I tasted on my tongue when I woke up. She wasn’t the one I saw when I closed my eyes. It wasn’t Rachel I thought of as soon as I woke up.”
Taylor watched me for a while as I got lost in my own thoughts.
“You have it bad,” Taylor concluded. “Have you even told her how you felt?”
I was quiet; how do I explain to someone how I feel when I don’t even know myself? I’ve sworn off serious relationships long ago. I told myself I would never allow myself to fall in love for a third time. Not only would it disrupt my life, but the lives of my children as well. I didn’t want to put them through that, despite how much they like Judy.
I mean, she was the same age as my daughter; a line has to be drawn. Boundaries needed to be made.
3
And yet, whenever I’m around her, it seems as though none of that matters. My wolf wanted her more than he’s ever wanted anyone. I don’t remember a time when he was ever this possessive over Melissa, and she was my fated mate.
But there was something about Judy that was… different.
Taylor sighed and stepped closer to my desk as I pondered my thoughts, my silence stretching on for a while.
“Look, Judy is a smart girl. She’s not going to wait around for you to get your head out of your ass forever,” he told me. I looked up at him, meeting his eyes. I knew he was right; if I didn’t make my move on her, she would soon walk away officially, and I wouldn’t be able to get her back. “Erik told me she’s graduating top of her class. She’s making a speech during the ceremony on Friday. You’re going to be there, right?” 
“Of course,” I said without hesitation. “I wouldn’t miss her graduation for anything.” (3
I had it planned out. I was going to show up with the biggest bouquet of flowers I can get my hands on. I even bought a diamond necklace for her, which I’ve been keeping in the top drawer of my office desk for the past week. 2
###Take 559
Chapter 559
Then afterwards, I plan to take her to dinner.
The door to my office opened, and my head Gamma, Derek, walked in.
“You better have good news,” I said, my eyes narrowed.
“My cousin from the Redcliff pack is on his way. He’ll be here by tomorrow night at the latest,” Derek announced.
I nodded, though I’m not happy it’ll take him a day to arrive, but as long as he gets here, that’s all I can hope for.
Derek’s cousin, Monty, is a known cyber hacker and a technology genius. If anyone could recover erased security footage, it was him.
The rest of the evening went by torturously slowly. I hated pretending to be there for Rachel, tending to her needs, making sure she remained happy and oblivious. As far as she knew, we were expecting a baby, I had accepted the fact that I had gotten her pregnant during that night together, and I was almost thrilled to be a father again. However, little did she know, I had my own plans at play. 1
I didn’t buy the fact that I had sex with her, let alone got her pregnant. I knew she was up to something, but I couldn’t figure out what it was. That evening, Matt sat in his room, his head down. He’s been fairly avoidant lately, and though I’ve also been busy, I wasn’t too busy to not notice his mood change.
“Can we talk?” I asked, leaning against his doorframe.
Matt looked up from his pillow and nodded, making room for me on his bed.
I stepped into his room, making sure to shut the door behind me before sitting on the edge of his bed.
“I just wanted to check in and make sure you were okay,” I told him. “We hadn’t really talked in a while.”
“You’ve been too busy with Rachel,” Matthew said, and I could almost hear the bitterness in her voice.
1
I frowned.
“But I’m never too busy for you, Matthew,” I told him. “Is my spending time with Rachel bothering you?”
“It just doesn’t make sense,” Matthew said, sitting up in bed and folding his arms across his chest. “Why are you hanging out with her, Dad? Why is she here?”
I wasn’t sure what to tell my 8–year–old kid. I sighed, running my fingers through my hair.
‘It’s complicated, Matthew…”
“Do you still care about Judy?”
His question came as a surprise to me.
“Of course I care about her. She’s your tutor and-”
“That’s not what I meant,” Matt snapped. “I miss Irene because I get to talk to her about this stuff all the time. When are you going to let her come home? I’m not mad at her anymore. My wolf doesn’t want to kill her, and if he does, I’m strong enough to keep him under control.”
My head was spinning.
“Just calm down for a second and talk to me,” I told him, trying to keep my tone calm. “What’s going on in your head?”
He sighed, looking frustrated.
“I don’t like Rachel… I thought you and Judy were going to be together. Both Irene and I thought you liked her.”
I was stunned by his words; there was a lot to dissect, but for right now, I needed to choose only one element to focus on.
What do you mean you don’t like Rachel? Had she said or done something to displease you?”
He was quiet for a long while, nibbling on his lower lip, a nervous look in his eyes. 
“Matthew, tell me what happened,” I urged, my temper rising.
“I just get a bad vibe from her,” he muttered. “I think she’s hiding something. My wolf doesn’t trust her… more than he doesn’t trust Irene. I’m able to keep him under control, though. But I haven’t been staying around her because I worry that I might lose control one of these days. Something is off about her, Dad.”
Chapter 658
+25 Bonus
I couldn’t deny that I felt the same way. I nodded, though I didn’t want to confirm his suspicions. I didn’t want to worry about him.
“I promise, I’m not going to let her hurt you or anyone. I need you to trust me,” I told him, putting my hand on his shoulder. “Can you do that?”
He nodded without much hesitation.
“Of course I can,” he replied. “There’s something else, too, though…”
I raised my brows.
“What is it?”
“Whenever I do talk to her… or rather whenever she talks to me… she tries to convince me to see my mother…” 9
###Take 560
Chapter 560
Judy’s POV
“That dress is gorgeous on you,” Irene breathed with a large smile on her face. “And you are glowing. Have you always glowed like this?”
“She’s right,” Nan said, her eyes wide. “You are glowing, Judy.”
I looked down at the sundress I was wearing, my cheeks flushed. I was graduating tonight, as was Nan. Today was the second biggest day of my life; the first being winning the Gamma competition. My entire family was going to be there, all of my friends; pretty much the whole pack, though I’m not expecting the Cash family to arrive, and some members of the Silver Crescent pack will be there as well.
Rumors were already flying all around that Gavin was planning on making an appearance as well. My heart was thudding wildly in my chest. It’s been about 2 weeks since I last saw him, and every time I ask someone about him, like Matt, Irene, Erik, or even Beta Taylor, they would all tell me the same things.
“He’s been busy.”
“He’s barely around anymore.”
“I never saw or talked to him either.” 
I felt a little better knowing it wasn’t just me but also felt crappy knowing that he slept with me and then went off the grid for 2 weeks. The last official thing I knew of him was that he was with Rachel at the hospital, and now, nothing. I tried to brush the thought from my mind because today was supposed to be a joyous day. I had worked hard to get to where I am. I was finally graduating and starting my life, which meant I had some serious decisions to make.
I’ve had job offers left and right since the competition and now I was finally ready to think more seriously about them.
Alpha Levi’s beta, Ron, had also been in contact with me about the job opportunity they are offering me in one of their packs. It was a huge opportunity, and truth be told, I’d be stupid to turn it down. I keep waiting for Gavin to offer me something, but he still hasn’t.
Some say he’s waiting until I officially graduate, but honestly, wouldn’t he have said something to me by now about it? 2
3 
“I can’t believe my Judy is graduating,” my mom said, wrapping me in her arms, tears in her eyes. “After everything you’ve been through, I’m so very proud of you for accomplishing this huge goal.
“Thanks, Morn,” I say to her, hugging her tightly.
“Have you already written your speech?” Nan asked.
I nodded.
“Yes, I wrote my speech,” I confirmed, patting my purse. “It’s all in here. Hopefully, it sounds good.”
“I’m sure it’ll be great,” Irene says, nudging me playfully. “We should go through. We don’t want to be late for the ceremony.”
“Are you sure Emalyn will be okay in the care of a maid?” I asked.
“I trust her,” Irene assured me. “She’ll be fine. Besides, there’s no choice. I’m not bringing a baby to a graduation ceremony. Chester is going to the ceremony to support Nan. There’s no one else to watch her.” 10
I nodded.
“Okay, well, as long as you trust her. That’s all that’s important.”
We had to take several cars to the ceremony; I rode with my parents. I was nervous. My heart was hammering in my chest the closer we got to the ceremony. As the car pulled up to the front doors, I saw a cluster of students getting their graduation robes on. Nan and Chester had arrived before us, so she was already getting her robes on.
She beamed when she saw me approaching.
She waved me over to a group of girls who were all standing around, talking about the event before them. They were all whispering about Gavin Landry and how he’s supposed to be arriving at the ceremony soon.
I was nervous to see him; I wanted to talk to him about why he disappeared, but I knew now was not the time to have that conversation.
“You look so nervous,” Nan chuckled, handing me my robes. 
I smiled gratefully at her and started to put the robes on.
“I am,” I admitted.
+25 Bonus 
We walked into a busy ceremony hall; some other students were already seated, those who weren’t graduating this year. Lukas, being one of them, waved at me when he saw me walking down the long aisle that led to the center stage.
I sat with the other graduating students in front; it was by alphabetical order, so I couldn’t sit with Nan.
As seats started to fill, I glanced around the place, my eyes finding my parents, who were waving and smiling at me. I couldn’t help but smile back. My eyes continued to scan the place, and then they landed on Irene, who gave me a wry smile in return. The seat beside her, reserved for her father, was empty. My heart fell into my stomach.
He wasn’t here.
My eyes found hers again, and she gave me a slight shrug and mouthed, “He’ll be here.”
I nodded, forcing a smile myself.
Nan caught my eye from the front row, and she gave me a small smile; I returned it, though mine felt more forced.
###Take 561
Chapter 561
The Dean stepped to the podium, her aura bright and strong as everyone silenced, waiting for her to speak. When she did speak, her tone was just as strong as her aura. She spoke about the accomplishments of each student that she’s noticed in her first year as our dean; she spoke about how proud she is and how honored she is to be here with us this evening.
Her eyes scanned each of the graduates until they landed on me, and her smile tugged at the corner of her lips.
“I’d like to call Judy Montague to the podium. Judy is graduating top of her class, though most of you know her as the Gamma Completion
victor.”
Everybody went nuts as they called my name. I grabbed my speech from my purse and took a deep breath as I stood. Their cheers grew louder as I walked towards the center stage, ascending the steps and joining the Dean at the podium.
“Good luck,” she whispered with a nod as she stepped away, giving me room to say my speech.
All eyes were on me; though I was good at competing in front of an audience, I wasn’t great at speaking in front of people.
My eyes kept drifting to Irene and the empty seat beside her; my heart had shattered. 11
Gavin
Gavin didn’t show up. Which meant he truly didn’t care about me whatsoever. [3]
Irene looked gutted as well; tears welling in her eyes. She wouldn’t meet mine, and it made me wonder if she was thinking the same thing I was. She had given me her blessing to be with her father, but her father didn’t want to be with me.
I fought back the tears that threatened my eyes and stared at the rest of the crowd, who were eagerly awaiting my speech.
Clearing my throat, I spoke.
“I can’t believe we are here,” I began. “It’s been a wild ride, but we are actually graduating, and I couldn’t be prouder of us.” I paused as everyone cheered. Once they started to be silent, I continued. “Thank you to the packs, our friends, our families, our Alphas and Betas, our professors, and the Dean, for joining us in this celebration. It seems like yesterday since I was just a freshman, walking onto this campus for the very first time and getting lost trying to find my first class. I had no idea of the road I would take, the friends I’d make, and the challenges I’d face. But here I am, standing in front of you, the champion of a Gamma competition when 4 years ago, I could barely even run a single lap without getting winded.” There were some chuckles, and I couldn’t help but smile at my own memory. “As I look around, I see many packs being joined together, and it brings utter joy to my heart knowing that we can stand together as one entity and celebrate our accomplishments. They say that high school marks the day your life begins, and that might be true for some, but it’s not true for us. Earning a degree at the Shifter Academy is the day that our lives truly begin.”
I paused again as cheered erupted around me. Just as I was about to speak, I heard dinging from phones all around the ceremony, and I frowned. I saw some embarrassed faces of those who forgot to silence their phones, but their expressions changed when they saw that they glanced at their screens. I glanced at Irene who was also frowning at her own phone, her face had gone completely pale.
My eyes eventually found Nan who was also looking around with a perplexed look. She glanced at Chester from across the room, his eyes were on his screen too and then he lifted his gaze to meet hers, gesturing towards his phone. With hesitant movements, Nan reached into her pocket and pulled out her phone. She swiped across the screen for a moment, unlocking it.
The Dean cleared her throat and stepped onto the stage.
“Please, can we silence our phones and pay attention to the speech Judy worked so hard on?” She asked, trying to gain their attention again, but everyone seemed preoccupied. Excited and curious whispers were starting to spread across the room.
Irene had quickly gotten up and was rushing towards the exit. I wanted to chase after her and find out what’s happening.
My eyes met Nan, who was now watching me, her expression wary and her face almost pale.
My brows furrowed in a question, but she looked away, unable to look at me.
As the dean continued to gain everyone’s attention, I reached into the pocket of my robe where I kept my phone and pulled it out. I glanced at the screen and saw the breaking news article pop up almost immediately. I clicked on the link, and it took me right to the article. 
From there, my entire heart dropped.
Ciavin Laudry is expecting a child with mystery woman, Rachel Barron.
Gavin was having a baby?! az
###Take 562
Chapter 562
Gavin’s POV
“You’re going to be there, right?” Irene asked on the phone. “It would mean the world to Judy. I just know it would.”
“Yes,” I told my daughter, rubbing my temple. “For the hundredth time, Irene. I will be there. You don’t need to worry about it. I’ve already reserved two seats: one for you and one for me. Nothing can keep me away from this event.”
Theard her sighing in relief on the other end of the phone.
“Okay, good,” she breathed. “I’ll see you later tonight, then. I love you.”
“Love you too,” I said, just before hanging up the phone. I felt my aggravation growing even more; it’s been about two days, and there was still no security footage recovery from that night at the Grand Casino Hotel. Monty was supposed to be the best in the business; he arrived last night and had been working aimlessly at getting that deleted security footage. The problem was, so much had been deleted these last few weeks that he said it would take a few days for them all to be recovered and downloaded.
I didn’t have a few days; I needed to find out the truth now. Especially because Judy’s graduation was tonight, and I couldn’t face her fully until I knew the truth. Sitting through the ceremony and then dinner afterwards with the lingering thought that I might have gotten another pregnant made me sick to my stomach.
“Alpha, there’s a problem with Rachel,” Beta Derek said, rushing into my office. “I think she needs to be taken to the hospital.” 1
A low growl escaped me but I didn’t argue with him. I simply stood and followed him out of my office and towards the back parlor where Rachel sat. She was sweating and her breathing was heavy. She wasn’t showing yet, it was much too early in her supposed pregnancy for that, and yet her hands rested lazily on her belly like she was protecting her children.
I felt a surge of anger, but I pushed it down.
“Rachel, what is it?” I asked her, sitting on the couch beside her. I reached over to touch her face. “Can you hear me/”
She whimpered, as if she were in severe pain. I cursed under my breath before wrapping her in my arms and standing to my feet, lifting her with me.
“Get the car,” I demanded. “I’m taking her to the hospital.
Not long after, we arrived at the hospital. Derek parked the car at the entrance of the emergency room, and I didn’t‘ waste any time. I quickly got out, carrying Rachel with me. I hurried into the waiting room, the nurse at the front desk looking up and her eyes widening upon seeing
me.
“Alpha Landry,” she said, bowing out of respect. “What seems to be the problem?”
Her eyes found Rachel, and they widened even more in shock.
“I need you to page Dr. Pierce and bring Rachel to a room ASAP,” I ordered. “She’s pregnant and something is wrong.”
“Yes, Alpha,” the nurse said as she rushed off to do exactly as I said.
Not before long, other nurses were rushing into the waiting room, one rolling a gurney.
“Put her on the gurney,” she ordered, her voice coming out concerned and rushed.
I put Rachel on the gurney, careful not to hurt her. Soon, they were rushing her through the emergency doors. Only one nurse remained behind. 
“Sorry, Alpha. But while they examine her and find out what’s wrong, you’ll have to stay out here.” (1
I nodded, taking a seat in one of the waiting room chairs, my fingers brushing through my hair multiple times.
Despite the fact that I didn’t think I had sex with Rachel that night, there was still a possibility that I did. I wouldn’t know for certain until I got proof otherwise. But that meant for the time being, I needed to be prepared for the worst. This baby she’s carrying could very well be mine, which meant I had a duty to protect it. I had to make sure both Rachel and the baby were okay, even if I was starting to resent Rachel a little. I resented Rachel because she was the reason Judy wasn’t in my arms right now; the reason I wasn’t able to wake up next to Judy.
The reason I had yet to tell Judy how I felt…
How did I feel?
The question lingered on my mind, but the snapping of a camera brought me back to reality. My eyes darted around the room until they Landed on a familiar figure seated in one of the chairs across the room. My eyes narrowed when I met the eyes of Kelsey Cash, Ethan’s sister.
Chapter 552
+25 Bonus
She was grinning when I met her eyes, and my heart plummeted.
She stood, her short blond locks tucked neatly behind her ear as she walked towards me, her hips swaying as if she was attempting to seduce me. I rolled my eyes at the attempt, though.
“Fancy seeing you here, Alpha,” Kelsey said, sitting in the seat beside mine. “I got to say, I’m surprised.”
“Why is that?” I asked, trying to keep my tone level.
“Bringing your mistress to the pack hospital,” she said, batting her lashes. “And here I thought you were spoken for.”
###Take 563
Chapter 563
“What gives you the right to speak to me like that?” I asked, feeling my temper rising.
She laughed, as if I weren’t a Lycan wanting to rip her head right off her shoulders. She had some serious audacity.
“Oh, I don’t think you have much right to reprimand me right now,” she teased. “Especially because I know your secret.”
“What secret is that?” I asked her if she was willing to play her games.
Her eyes sparkled with mischief.
“The secret that you don’t want your precious Judy knowing,” she said, leaning back in her seat as she took me in. “I can keep your little secret, but it’ll cost you.” (1)
“Don’t the Cash family already have money?” I asked, folding my arms across my chest.
“It’s not money that I’m after,” she said, a grin lighting her face. “I want your hand in marriage. Marry me and I’ll keep your secret.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” I muttered, rolling my eyes. “I don’t even know what secret you’re talking about. I’m not agreeing to anything.”
1
“Do you really want to find out?” She asked, leaning forward. “Because if it got out, it’ll destroy you. Is that a chance you’re willing to take?”
“There’s nothing you can do that will destroy me, Kelsey. But I can destroy you and your entire family in seconds. Is that a chance you’re willing to take?” I threatened right back, my tone darkening as my anger started to take over.
She blinked at me, her mind whirling, though she didn’t back down.
“I can be a good Luna to you, Alpha,” she told me, putting a hand on my arm, making me feel even sicker. “I’ve been training my entire life to be a Luna. I can give you what your mistress and Judy can’t.”
“You’re too young.”
“I’m only a couple of years younger than Judy,” she shot back. “She’s the same age as your daughter, for crying out loud!”
“You have no right to speak to me like this!” I bark, my anger going overboard. “Test me again and you’ll face banishment.”
She let out a bark of laughter as she stood to her feet.
“Banish me all you want, I’ll just join Alpha Levi just like my brother did,” she said, folding her arms across her chest. “I’m not someone you want to cross either. Give me what I want, and I won’t destroy your reputation.”
I stood up, my form towering over hers, making her look so much smaller.
“I don’t like being threatened,” I said in a low and threatening tone; my aura started to darken and those in the waiting room, trying to keep their heads down, shivered.
“Marry me,” she said again, her stubbornness intact.
“Never.” 
She pressed her lips together and glanced down at her phone, which she’s been clutching for some time now.
“Then you leave me no choice,” she said as she typed something on her phone.
A second later, she looked back up at me and grinned.
who were
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” With those words left in the air, she turned and walked out of the hospital, making me stare after her.
Soon, my phone was buzzing, and when I glanced at the screen, I saw Taylor’s name.
“This better be important,” I said into the phone.
Where the hell are you?”
“The hospital, why?” I asked him, my brows furrowed.
“So, the video was accurate then,” he sighed.
“What video?” I asked.
“Someone took a video of you carrying Rachel into the hospital, announcing her pregnant and that she needs medical attention ASAP,” Taylor
1/3
+25 Bonus
explained. “It was sent to the media only seconds ago, and it’s already spread. Everyone is automatically assuming the baby is yours.”
My fists clenched.
“I want Kelsey Cash banished and turned rogue,” I said through my teeth. “Then I want the media to take down this story before I banish them as well.”
“I’ll do what I can. But you better explain to me what the fuck is going on,” Taylor said. (1)
I didn’t bother waiting for a response, I hung up.
Soon, Dr. Pierce, or as I call her, Eliza, walked into the waiting room.
“She’s okay,” she explained. “The baby is fine as well. Rachel was a bit dehydrated and running a fever, but she’s coherent and hydrated currently. Would you like to see her?
I nodded and went into the hospital room to see Rachel. Between making sure Rachel was okay, and getting this news article pulled, my mind was a distant mess. I barely even realized the time until Irene started to call me.
I frowned as I saw her name appearing; it was starting to become late in the evening, and I was exhausted.
“Yes?“.
“Where the hell are you, Dad?” She asked, her tone sounding somber as she held back a sob.
“What?” I asked, feeling exhausted.
“The ceremony,” she all but shouted. “Judy’s graduation. We literally talked a few hours ago, don’t tell me you forgot?!”
I was stunned and silent. I glanced at the time… it was almost 10 pm.
“Holy fuck,” I said out loud without meaning to. 1
I missed Judy’s graduation.
###Take 564
Chapter 564
I went to the hospital; I wasn’t sure what compelled me to come here, but Irene spoke to her father last night, and she told me that he had to go to the hospital because something happened with Rachel, and that’s what caused him to miss the graduation ceremony.
I barely managed to finish my speech once that breaking news story got sent to everyone’s phones. My voice had come out hollow, and I could hear the rapid beating of my heart; there was no doubt that everyone else could hear it too. I saw the sympathetic looks of Nan as she watched me struggle to speak.
I apologized and stepped away from the podium, ignoring the scattered claps as I took my seat. My hands were trembling violently, and I couldn’t even look up to meet the wary gazes of my parents, who I knew without a doubt were watching me from across the room. I saw my mother on her phone at one point as well, so I knew she had seen the news story and shared it with my father.
There were a couple more speeches from some of the college faculty, and then the Dean returned to the podium for her final speech before she announced the graduates by name. As she spoke each name, graduates stood and walked up to the stage, grabbed their degrees, and shook the Dean’s hand before posing for a picture.
“Nan Bigsby,” the Dean announced.
Nan stood, plastered a smile on her face, and walked onto the stage. Chester was the loudest to cheer, and Nan blushed when he stood up and shouted for her. I wanted to be one of the loudest to cheer for my best friend, but I could barely even move.
I hardly registered what the Dean announced my name. The girl beside me had to nudge me when I made no effort to move.
“Judy Montague,” the Dean announced.
With wobbly legs, I stood and made my way towards the stage. The walk felt like an eternity; though there were clapping and cheering, my parents being amongst the loudest, and Nan and Chester also chanting, I barely heard any of it. To me, the entire place was silent, and the only sounds of my beating heart and breathing could be heard.
I stepped onto the stage, forcing a smile, though I knew it was tired and worn as I took the degree and shook the Dean’s hand.
“Congratulations,” she said just before we posed for a picture.
I couldn’t manage a simple “Thank you” in response. I only nodded and made my way down the stage. I returned to my seat as the other graduates were called. The rest of the ceremony went by as a blur.
“Come on,” Nan said, grabbing my ar?n and pulling me to my feet. I hadn’t realized the ceremony was over until she came to grab me. “Let’s get you out of here.”
Chester was with her, and my parents were approaching, a worried look in their eyes. I nodded and stood to my feet. We walked outside, and the cool night air practically attacked my lungs, making it difficult to breathe. I felt myself growing dizzy, and what I wanted to do at that moment was lie down and maybe have a cry.
“I can’t believe you did this to her, Dad,” I heard someone saying from nearby. “You didn’t even bother calling. You just stood her up! You stood me up!”
I looked up to see Irene standing by her car, tears streaming down her face as she clutched her phone. My heart was thudding even harder against my chest.
“And for what? Because kachel is in the hospital for a child that probably isn’t even yours? I thought you were smarter than that…”
My heart shattered; that’s why he missed the graduation. Because he was still in the hospital with Rachel. The news article did show a video of Gavin rushing Rachel to the hospital yesterday, but I didn’t think he’d actually stay there all night with her and miss the graduation ceremony. Then again, I wasn’t sure what I was expecting. It’s not like he’s been talking to me these last couple of weeks. I have no idea what’s been going on in his mind.
“You have so much to make up for,” Irene said before she hung up the phone.
She noticed me watching her as she shoved her phone into her purse. Tears were still filling her eyes, and I could see the hurt behind them.
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered before she got into her car and drove off.
“Let’s get you home,” my mother had said, wrapping an arm around my shoulders. “We can celebrate tomorrow. You look exhausted.”
I nodded, barely registering her words.
Now, it’s the next morning, and I’m standing in the waiting room of the hospital. Gavin’s scent was faint, which meant it had been a few hours since he had been here. But I knew Rachel was still here. I needed to speak with her and find out the truth. I needed to know if the rumors were true and if Gavin truly was the father of her baby. 
###Take 565
Chapter 565 
+25 Bonus
“I need to see Rachel Barron,” I found myself saying to the front desk nurse.
She typed something on her computer and then glanced up at me.
“She’s in room 303. You can use the elevator and go to the right.”
I nodded my thanks, no longer trusting my voice. I wasn’t sure if it was a good idea for me to do this alone; I didn’t tell Nan that I was coming here, and I certainly didn’t tell Irene.
I stepped into the elevator and waited with bated breath for the doors to open back up. Once I was on the upper level, I stayed to the right, just as instructed, and found door 303. Through the small window, I saw that Rachel was awake. She was scrolling through her phone with a small smile on her face.
Taking a deep breath, I stepped into the room, shutting the door behind me. Rachel looked up, and her eyes widened when she saw me standing in the entrance.
“Judy?” She asked.
“Hi…” I said, my voice coming out breathless.
She placed her phone on the bedside table, her eyes never leaving mine.
“Gotta say, I’m surprised you’re here. If you’re looking for Gavin—”
“I’m actually here to speak to you,” I told her quickly.
“I see,” she said, raising her brows. 
She glanced at the chair at her bedside.
“Please,” she said. “Have a seat.
With a shaky breath, I stepped closer towards her bed and took a seat, my legs barely allowing me to walk as I did so.
Rachel plastered a smile, though I could tell it wasn’t genuine.
“What honor do I have for this little visit?”
“The news article…” I began, my voice coming out barely above a whisper. “Is it true?”
Her eyes 
lit up, and a small smirk appeared on her face; it was almost devilish.
“Are you asking me if my unborn baby belongs to Gavin?” She asked, amusement clear:
in 
her tone.
I swallowed, feeling the heat creep up the back of my neck.
“Yes,” I whispered.
She grinned as her aura darkened.
“Poor little Judy. It must be so difficult to watch the man you love having a baby with another woman,” Rachel taunted, my heart shattering in my chest. “Let me make one thing clear… Gavin has always been and will always be mine. Yes, we’ve had our share of difficulties, but that doesn’t make us love one another any less. He’s leamed to trust me again, and he wants me in his life… clearly, or he wouldn’t have gotten me pregnant. So, whatever little fling the two of you had, it ends now.” 
I stand to my feet much faster than I intended. My breathing was coming out in shallow breaths, and suddenly, there didn’t seem to be enough air in the room. My wolf was itching to be released so she could scratch this woman’s eyes out.
Rachel just laughed at my expression, and then she shook her head.
“You didn’t really think you’d ever have a chance with Gavin Landry, did you? You’re his daughter’s age. He only spent time with you because he felt bad for you. I hear you’re nothing more than a little orphan. Not even your birth parents wanted you. How sad and pathetic is that? And you thought Gavin would want you? If I
I’d save myself the further embarrassment and run away. Go as far as you can and never look back because if anyone else finds out about your sad obsession with Gavin Landry… your entire reputation will be tanked. No one will trust a Gamma with an obsession like that.”
were you, 
She was right; I needed to leave. I couldn’t stay here and watch Gavin, the man I love… have a baby with another woman. I don’t think I or my wolf could handle it. Too much had happened in Gavin’s territory. Ethan… his family.. now Gavin and his family. I needed to get out of here.
Rachel’s grin grew wider when she saw my face. I couldn’t speak; I couldn’t even move. I needed to leave. I turned away from her before she could see the tears burning in my eyes.
“Congratulations,” I managed to whisper before I ran from the room.
By the time I was outside, I was clutching my phone to my ear like it was my lifeline. I didn’t trust my voice, so I prayed to the Moon Goddess that it didn’t break while I spoke.
I waited with bated breath as the phone rang, praying that the other person would answer.
“Hello?” Said a male voice on the other end.
Chapter 505
I was quiet for a moment, my heart racing in my chest. I had no idea what I was going to say; I had no idea how to approach this.
“Miss Montague?” He asked, having my number in his phone so he could see it was me calling.
+25 Bonus
“Hey,” I managed to croak before clearing my throat and trying again. “I want to take you up on your Alpha’s offer, Beta Ron. How soon can you get me out of here?”
###Take 566
Chapter 566
Gavin’s POV
After my phone conversation with Irene, I left the hospital and went straight to the graduation ceremony. Though there were still lingering graduates celebrating with their friends and family, Judy’s scent was long gone. It seemed that she didn’t stick around for the after–party.
I cursed and planned to just go to her house, but I stopped when I saw Beta Taylor approaching. He looked mournful as he stared at me, noticing my tense posture, the regretful look in my eyes.
“I know you care about her, but we have more pressing stuff to address right now, Alpha,” Taylor told me, using his professional tone so I knew he was all business. I knew he was right; that news article is ruining me. Now my entire territory is about to be aware that Rachel is pregnant, and they will assume that the baby is mine, just as the article and video attached to the article insinuate. I felt a rage like never before boiling through me as my fists clenched.
“Judy can’t see that article,” I told him, my tone leaving no room for arguments. “It would destroy her if she thought for a second, I got another woman pregnant. Especially after the night we had a couple of weeks ago. I can’t let that happen. She doesn’t deserve that.” 2
“And what if you did get her pregnant?” Taylor asked, his brows raising. “We don’t exactly have proof otherwise.”
“The baby isn’t mine,” I said through my teeth. “I didn’t touch her…”
She had markings all over her body, and your scents were intermingled,” Taylor reminded me, stating the obvious.
let out a low growl, my wolf surging forward as I glared at him.
He took a step away from me, knowing it was not the time to push me. He took a deep breath and held his hands up in defense,
“Look, I’m just saying, you need to be prepared. It’s probably better if you leave Judy alone for right now until you know for sure. The last thing you want is to get her hopes up that the two of you can be something and then break her heart… again. She’s been through enough and doesn’t need any more of this.”
I hated that Taylor was right; Judy didn’t need me courting her right now. She needed security. I needed to get rid of Rachel and her constant presence before I pursue Judy and make a future with her.
The thought came suddenly, and I paused before walking back to my car.
A future with her?
Is that what I wanted?
Even as I thought about it, my wolf rumbled with approval, something that hasn’t happened since meeting Melissa, my fated mate.
“What’s the plan?” Taylor asked before I could leave.
I had no idea what the fucking plan was, and it aggravated me.
“I’m going back to the hospital,” I murmur. “I need to play the part as an expecting father, so Rachel and the pack don’t think anything is amiss. Meanwhile, I need Monty to hurry the fuck up with that security footage. I’m going to schedule a paternity test for the baby on the next ultrasound. I don’t want Rachel knowing about it because she could pull some strings and get the test results manipulated. So, give your mate a heads up about that.” 
Taylor nodded. 
“Okay, I’ll let her know,” Taylor said thoughtfully.
I left without another word, my head whirling with thoughts. Rachel was asleep when I got to her room. I stared down at her sleeping face; a face that used to mean so much to me… watching her sleep was always something I enjoyed doing back when we were together. But now, it felt like nothing to her. I only felt resentment and a little unsettled. It was clear that I didn’t trust her. I hated that her presence had disturbed my life so deeply that I’m losing someone important to me. I hated that I was hurting Judy for this woman. 6
“Oh, you’ve returned,” Eliza Pierce said as she walked into the room. “I was just doing my night rounds.” 
“Have you spoken to Taylor?” I asked, keeping my tone low so as not to wake up Rachel. 27
Eliza nodded and glanced at Rachel as well before meeting my eyes.
“I’ll make it happen,” she said simply. “In the meantime, you should get some rest as well. Do you want me to grab you another bed so you can sleep, Alpha?” I shook my head.
“I’m fine in the chair. I don’t think I can sleep much.” 
She nodded, and then her eyes flickered to the clipboard she was holding
“The news report was taken down,” she informed, “I’m assuming that was your doing?” 
Almed immediately after Kelsey lett the hospital earlier, I contacted Gamma Derek and had him deal with the news story. I wasn’t surprised that the arcles have been taken down, wiped from existence.
“Yes,” I told her 
She nodded, though it looked as it there was something still on her mind
Chapter Ses
+25 Bonus
“Out with it,” I ordered, losing my patience.
“It’s just that I think the damage had been done, Alpha. So many had already seen it… I’ve heard that the alert went off during the graduation ceremony and —
A low growl escaped me.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” I asked her, my eyes piercing her.
She swallowed, but she stood her ground.
“If you were hoping that you got rid of the story before a certain someone saw it… You are mistaken. She saw it, Alpha.”
日
Comments
Support
###Take 567
Chapter 567
With that, she turned and left. My blood ran cold.
Judy had seen the story… during the graduation ceremony.
That explained why Irene called me frantic, because she, too, had seen the news story. I just didn’t realize it was a public scene during the graduation.
I felt sick to my stomach.
I’m not sure how long I stayed in the hospital room, watching Rachel sleep, but I felt numb. How the fuck was I going to explain myself to Judy? She must be thinking the absolute worst about me right now.
My phone rang, bringing me out of my thoughts. I glanced at the screen to see Derek’s cousin Monty’s number. I stood quickly and rushed out of the room, holding the phone to my ear.
“You better have an update. It’s been 2 days, Monty,” I said through my teeth.
“You should be prepared,” Monty murmured. “I have information for you.”
Before I could return, Eliza returned with the ultrasound machine and a fetal paternity test.
“I’m going to wake her up now,” Eliza said. “It might take a bit for the paternity test results. But hopefully I’ll have something for you by the end of the day. She’s a little over a month pregnant, so it’s still a bit too early. But werewolf babies grow faster than humans, so I might be able to get actual results for you.”
I nodded, my grip on the phone tightening.
Eliza disappeared into the hospital room with the machine, and I turned my back to the door to address Monty, who remained on the other end of the phone.
“Send me over everything you can,” I told him. “I’m staying here and waiting for the paternity results.”
“Yes, Alpha.” 
With that, the line went dead.
I walked back into the room to see Eliza setting up the machine and Rachel sitting up in bed with a polite smile on her face.
“Good morning,” Rachel said, her eyes finding mine. “Are you ready to see our baby?”
I forced a smile as I reached her.
“I couldn’t be more excited,” I lied, though she seemed to have bought it.
Once Eliza had everything set up, she performed the ultrasound. The whooshing of the baby’s heartbeat brought tears to Rachel’s eyes. I felt nothing; there were no emotional ties with the baby because I knew in my heart, it wasn’t mine. But I had to fake it in order for Rachel to believe me.
“That’s our baby,” Rachel breathed, tears streaming down her flushed cheeks.
I forced another smile, my eyes glued to the screen.
“Very healthy indeed. That’s a strong heartbeat,” Eliza told her. “It’s too early to tell the gender. But at this rate, I should be able to tell you by next month” 
“Really? That soon?” Rachel gasped.
Eliza nodded.
“Yes, the baby is growing at a quick rate. Must be that Lycan blood,” she said, glancing my way.
My wolf let out a low growl, though I was able to stifle it before it escaped my lips.
“Now, I’ll need to do a little blood work on the baby,” Eliza said, pulling out the syringe. I knew the blood was for the paternity test, but Rachel’s eyes grew wide. “Bloodwork?” She asked. “Why”
“It’s just protocol,” Fliza assured her. “There’s no need to be alarmed. It’s how find out if the baby has any onderlying deceased. I also want to know its blood type. There’s nothing to be concerned about.” !
“And this is normal at only a month pregnant?” Rachel asked.
“Typically, I’d wait until you are about two to three months along, but as I said, the baby is growing at a quick rate, and it’s better to get these things out of the 
*} } sate?” she asked, her voice becoming a whisper.
* wredd never put either of you in danger like that,” Eliza assured her. “You have nothing to worry about. The baby won’t be lain.” 
Rachel swallowed and the nodded slowly.
“Okay,” she bestbed “Do what you must.”
Chapter T
+25 Bonus
Eliza smiled, her eyes flickering to me briefly, and I could see the small sense of victory in her eyes before she got to work. She numbed a spot on Rachel’s belly before injecting her with the needle. Rachel couldn’t look at the needle, but she did watch on the ultrasound machine as the needle found the baby. After a moment, Eliza pulled the syringe out of her and held up a small vial of blood
“Perfect,” Eliza breathed before bandaging the puncture wound. “Would you like me to print photos of the ultrasound?”
“Yes, please,” Rachel said.
Eliza nodded as she pressed print on the machine monitor, and then she packed up the equipment. As she passed me, she murmured.
“I’ll have results as soon as possible.”
I nodded, pretending she didn’t just murmur something to me.
My phone dinged a moment later, and when I looked at the screen, I saw that Monty had sent over a ton of files.
I excused myself and stepped into the hallway to look at what he had sent me. There are a ton of videos, each marked for different times and locations.
I didn’t have time to watch all the videos then, but one caught my eye. It was the one Monty had labeled: DRUGGED
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
日
###Take 568
Chapter 568
Gavin’s POV
My hands shook as I stared at my phone.
Drugged Monty named the first file. I looked at the hospital door behind me, knowing that on the other side of that door was a woman I didn’t trust. Eliza was off getting that paternity test done, and I was about to have more answers than I could imagine with just a click of a button.
Was I ready to know the truth about that night?
With a deep breath, I clicked on the video. It started with Rachel and me arriving at the bar. I was on my phone, trying to find a ride for that night, and then I set my phone down on the bar countertop. I asked the bartender’s attention and ordered myself a scotch while Rachel ordered a classic martini with an olive.
We talked while we waited for our drinks, and my phone remained untouched on the bar. The bartender brought over our drinks, and I took a sip of the scotch while maintaining a conversation with Rachel, who seemed to be speaking animatedly about something. I couldn’t remember the conversation we had, which meant I was barely paying attention to what she was saying.
After a few minutes, I got up, excusing myself to the bathroom. I forgot my phone on the counter, and I didn’t realize it had lit up with a message. However, Raechel seemed to have noticed.
I watched her look around for a moment, making sure I wasn’t in sight, before she grabbed my phone and typed something into it. After a minute, she was sliding the phone into her purse. 1
I remembered looking for my phone that evening during my drunken stupor, but I never imagined that Rachel had stolen it. 2.
I clenched my fists tightly as the video continued.
Rachel took a small baggie out of her purse and a pinch of whatever powder was in it. She glanced around briefly before she sprinkled it into my scotch and then stirred it with her finger.
The bartender was completely oblivious of her actions. By the time I returned, she put the baggie back in her purse and acted as if nothing had happened. She continued her story as I continued to drink the scotch.
The video ends.
“What the actual fuck?” I muttered, my brows furrowed as my body trembled.
Rachel drugged me that night; that’s why I got overly drunk after just one scotch. It wasn’t the alcohol; it was whatever Rachel drugged me with.
In the next video, Monty labeled: Call for help.
I pressed play on the video and watched as Rachel excused herself. I was past the point of being gone, and I could see the bartender was worried about me. I was practically sleeping on the bar countertop when Rachel walked away. I felt furious that she would just leave me there; what kind of game was she playing?
I lifted my head and said something to the bartender. He nodded, though that worried expression remained on his face. He grabbed a piece of paper and a pen and handed them both to me. I was surprised I was able to write down anything. I wished I could enhance the video a bit more to see what it was I was writing, but the
bartender took it and nodded.
He went to the phone and called someone.
Who the fuck was he calling? 
The video ended. 
The next video was called: Help arrives.
The time of the video was 15 minutes after the last one.
I pressed play, and to my shock, I watched Judy run through the busy crowds to get to the bar. She said something to the bartender, and then she assessed me. I seemed to be coherent enough to speak to her, though I don’t remember what was that is said. My heart was pounding in my chest when I saw the worried look on her face and the fact that she was looking around frantically, maybe looking for Rachel?
The bartender had said something to her, and Judy looked grateful for a moment. A couple of men came out of nowhere and let out a low growl as I watched the video. What the fuck were they doing, grabbing me like that?
Soon, they were leaving the bar with me, and Judy trailed behind.
The video ended.
Arbetsage from Monty came through next.
Monty: Tas next video is hallway footage. It took a while to find the exact camera, but I finally got it. This one is outside of your hotel suite,
I pressed play on the video, already deep in the rabbit hole.
The video began, and i watched as those men continued to drag me through the hall with Judy keeping pace behind us. She walked up to the door, my suite door, and she said something. I lifted my thumb for her, and she realized it was a thumb lock. She used my thumb to unlock the door, and the men dragged me inside. A minute later, the men were leaving, but Judy remained.
3/2.
Chapter 54EE
+25 Bonus
The video ended.
I fucking knew she was with me that night; I cursed under my breath. I should have tried harder to get her to admit it. I also felt a strange lightness in my chest. I was with Judy… I was kissing and touching her… not Rachel.
P
Comments
###Take 569
Chapter 569
There were a couple more videos to watch, though, and I worried about what they contained.
The next video was titled: What was Rachel up to?”
I swallowed, pressing play on the video, and I saw it was a camera outside another hotel room. The door opened, and Rachel, a man I didn’t recognize, walked out. He was shirtless, and he had a smug smile on his face. I looked closer and saw a glimpse of raven black hair lingering in the doorway and a familiar silk red nightgown.
Was that Rachel?
The video ended.
Monty: That footage was hard to find because I wasn’t sure what I was looking for. But as I was watching all of the footage from that night, I saw the red nightgown in the doorway, and it kind of ties together with the next video.
I pressed play on the last video.
Rachel was sneaking down the hallway in her red silk nightgown; her black hair splaying down her narrow back as she knocked frantically on my suite door.
After a few minutes, Judy answered the door, looking a bit annoyed and disheveled. I watched the two of them going back and forth, and slowly, Judy’s face started to fall. My heart shattered watching her expression. 1
Not before long after, Rachel was rushing into the room and Judy was stepping out. Judy stared at the closed door for a long while before she turned and left. The video perfectly captured her crestfallen face and the tears that she tried to keep away.
The video ended.
What the actual fuck did I just watch?
I texted Monty. 
Me: Was that everything?
Monty: Yup. It seems you were with 2 women that night. I’m not sure what happened in your suite, though, so there’s still a chance you could have slept with Rachei.
I didn’t sleep with Rachel. I know in my gut that I didn’t sleep with her.
Me: I need to find out who that man was and what relations he had with Rachel that night. 1
Monry: In one of the videos i watched, I saw him walking into the suite himself. He had a resort uniform shirt on, so I think he works somewhere at the Grand Casino Hotel. I didn’t bother sending it to you because I didn’t find it relevant. But if you must know who he is, I’d start there. 
I shoved the phone back into my pocket without responding. I walked back into he hospital room to find Rachel scrolling through her phone. She looked up when she saw me. 
“I have to step away,” I told her. “But I’ll be back later.” 
She studied my face for a moment, a small crease between her brows.
“You’re leaving?” she asked, sounding sad. “When is later?”
“I don’t know yet,” I told her. “It’s just business. You understand, right?”
She bit her lower lip and nodded slowly.
“I guess so,” she sighed.
I nodded, giving her a forced fake smile before turning and leaving. I needed to find out who the fuck that man was and what relations he had with Rachel.
Surprisingly enough, it was easy to find out the information I needed. The casino was strict and monitored each employee while they were on the clock I only had to find out who wasn’t on the clock around that time and narrow it down. I worked tirelessly with the hotel manager, and a few hours later, I had a picture and a 
Sesedah Rodrigues
I’s worse? He was a trimman?. 
Bóg kamarádating men made getting a confession out of him easy. Apparently, she sought him out, and her beauty and charm made it impossible for him to resist bert the gave him a hotel suite room number and key and told him to meet her there.
So, he did
the explained tow they had unprotected sex; the assured him that she was protected, and they didn’t need to worry about anything else. She rocked his world and 
thankárkund baten out right after
I noticed these was a resemblance between me and jeremiah, which is probably why she wanted him specifically
Chapter 569
+25 Bonus
I felt sick to my stomach knowing I was being played for a fool.
As the day wore on and evidence started to pile up, I received the all I was waiting for.
“Eliza,” I greeted. “Do you have news for me?”
“Yes,” she breathed. “Do you want to hear it in person, or over the phone?”
“I’m just finishing up here,” I told her as I was leaving the Grand Casino Hotel. “I have a ton of evidence against Rachel. She screwed a human just before coming to my suite.”
There was silence on the other end, and then I heard Eliza sigh.
“Well, that explains that then.”
“What do you mean?”
“Rachel’s baby has human blood mixed with some wolf blood,” she explained, making me freeze. “Which makes this baby half human. Alpha, this baby isn’t yours.” 14
###Take 570
Chapter 570
Judy’s POV
“Are you sure you want to leave? It just seems so sudden,” my mother said, watching me as I pack my belongings. Nan was also in my room, a frown marring her face. I told them late last night that I had an early flight this morning. I hated that I was leaving without much warning, but I needed to get out of here; I needed to start fresh away from Gavin Landry. 1
“I’m sorry that I’m just taking off like this,” I told them without meeting their eyes. “But this is something I need to do. Plus, it’s a huge opportunity. The Redcliff pack is one of the largest packs in the world, and their Elite force is huge.”
“Not as big as the Silver Crescent pack,” Nan told me, folding her arms across her chest.
“Gavin hasn’t offered me anything,” I muttered. “Plus, you know why I can’t stay here, Nan.”
She sighed, running her fingers through her hair.
“I just wish you would take the time to think about it a bit before you make any drastic decisions.”
“I had thought about it, and I need to leave…” I told them, tears filling my eyes. I refused to look at them, though; I didn’t want them to see my sadness. “I can’t watch him have a baby with another woman…”
My voice broke when I broke that sentence. I hadn’t realized I was trembling until my mother came towards me, her arms outstretched as she pulled me into her arms. The second I was engulfed in her warmth, I lost it. Tears soaked my cheeks and into her shirt as I cried. She held me tightly, her own tears spilling down her cheeks.
“I will support whatever decision you make,” she whispered. “I love you so much, Judy. Just know that you will always have a home here.”
I nodded as my mother pulled back to look at me, a small smile on her tear–filled face.
After a moment, she cocked her head to the side.
“You look… different,” she said, almost thoughtfully. “There’s a glow about you…” (10)
I frowned.
“I don’t really feel any different,” I admitted. “Just hollow.”
She gave me a sad look and then nodded as she released her hold on me.
“We will help you finish packing,” my mom told me as she went to grab another suitcase from the closet. Nan pushed herself off the door and strolled over to me, a warm and yet sad look in her eyes.
“What am I going to do without my best friend?” She asked, her lip trembling.
“You’ll still have me,” I assured her. “We will video call all the time, and I’m making you and Chester visit me. And if you choose to adopt Emalyn, she’ll come visit
too,” 
Nan blushed.
“Actually, we plan to meet with Gavin about it next week. I’m so nervous,” she admitted. I couldn’t help but be happy for my best friend. I hugged her tightly.
“Oh, Nan. I’m so happy for you. You’re going to be a wonderful mom,” I told her.
“It’s not set in stone yet. It’s just a meeting,” she told me, but I could hear the excitement in her tone.
“Trust me, everything will work out exactly how you want it to,” I assured her, pulling back so I could look at her. “I’m so happy for you.”
She grinned.
“You know, your mom is right. There’s something different about you. Maybe more mature?”
I laughed.
“Doubtful,” I told her. “Maybe it’s the fact that we finally graduated from college.”
She chuckded.
“Marylie”
We spent the next hour packing, and then my father knocked on the door. He was taking me to the airport, along with Nan and my mom. After I said my final goodbye to my childhood bedroom, we loaded the car and headed towards the airport.
Beta Ron was able to get me a last rainute plane ticket so I can arrive at the Redcliff pack this evening. They even got me a condo to stay in and emailed me my achduar for the next couple of weeks. Tomorrow, I have to meet with the Head Gamina and get all the equipment I need. I also needed to meet with the Alpha of the pack and pledge myself to him, considering I will be residing in his pack for the foreseeable future
Once we reached the airport, my mother and Nan were back to crying again. My father hugged me tightly. He was proud of me for making it to the Elite Gamma Loure, just like i wanted. He knew this was a huge opportunity for me, and honestly, I think he was relieved that I wouldn’t be having a relationship with Gavin Landry any time soon.
1/2
My mother, on the other hand, hated that I was leaving home.
“I’m going to miss you,” she cried as she held onto me.
###Take 571
Chapter 571
“I love you,” I told her, hugging her back as more tears spilled down my cheeks.
It was Nan’s turn to hug me so tightly like she was afraid I’d disappear at any moment.
“Call me as soon as you land,” she whispered before pulling back.
“I will,” I assured her.
She blinked away the tears and stepped back just as my section was called.
“Tell Irene I’m sorry,” I told her. I hadn’t told anyone that I was leaving, other than my parents and Nan. I’m sure Chester was already aware by now as well, but I didn’t have the heart to actually say goodbye to anyone.
1 
With my graduation, my contract as Matt’s tutor had come to an end. It stated that I would remain his tutor until I graduate; now the contract doesn’t apply to me. I didn’t have the heart to say goodbye to him either. I knew he’d be gutted to find me gone… but it was better this way. A silent goodbye. 1
I turned on my heel and headed towards the gates. I looked back once more, smiling at my family and giving them a short wave before I turned for the final time and headed off to start my new life.
Third Person POV
“She’s on her way here as we speak,” Alpha Levi said into the phone. “You’ve done well, Lila. Pretty soon, we will be able to take over the company completely. Gavin will be so distracted by everything going on around him, he won’t even see it coming.” 1
Rachel, aka Lila, laughed bitterly into the phone.
“He’s so stupid. He doesn’t expect a single thing. You should have seen the look on Judy’s face when I told her we were getting married. She was gutted. I’m glad she’s out of the picture now, though. It’ll make things much easier with Gavin.” 4
“Remember what I said, he’s not allowed to touch you. I won’t allow it,” Levi said, his tone dark on the phone.
“Baby, you know I’d never let another man, other than a human, touch me. I hate that I’m pregnant with someone else’s baby,” Rachel said, scowling. “But thankfully, it was only a human, so it doesn’t mean anything.”
Levi growled lightly.
“I still don’t like that his hands were on you. I’ve already sent someone to kill him.”
Rachel chuckled.
“You didn’t have to do that. I could have done that myself,” she replied simply.
“You should have done that after you fucked him.” 1
“I didn’t want to leave a trail,” she muttered. “So, tell me, my darling, what’s your plan for Judy? I can’t imagine you are going to be treating her well while she’s residing with you. Will you?”
“We got a condo for her to live in. We’ll let her get settled in, have her be preoccupied with work and responsibilities, and then we will slowly chip away at her. We will break her and eventually she will spill even more secrets to us,” he explained. “I already have some inside men on the ready for when she arrives. She’s not even going to know what hit her.” 
Rachel laughed with glee.
“I can’t wait. Please keep me updated-”
Just then, the door of the hospital room slamined open, leaving a crack on the wall as Gavin stood before her. Bachel’s eyes widened in shock, and her heart leaped into her throat.
“What’s that?” Levi asked. “What just happened?”
“Let me call you back,” Rachel said as she hung up the phone. “Gavin, what’s wrong?”
Gavin looked furious, and it was clear his wolf was on the surface, ready to be ripped free from his human form, Rachel’s heart was racing rapidly in her chest, and her hands trembled as she clutched the thin blanket that covered her. (1)
“you lying bitch,” Gavin seethed, making Rache’s jaw drop. (1)
“W_what?” she asked, panic striking.
Did be somehow find out about her plan?
“That baby isn’t mine,” he growled, neatly shaking the entire hospital room. “And you drugged use,”
“1. 1…” She was at a loss for words. How the fuck did he find out this information? She made sure any traces of evidence were gone.
Before she could even fully reply, he was standing over her, his hand wrapped around her throat as he fought to keep control of himself.
1/3
Chopts 571
+25 Bonus
“What the fuck did you say to her” Gavin growled.
“W…what?” Rachel croaked, trying desperately to draw breath as she struggled against his hold.
“At the hotel suite. I saw you talking to Judy in the doorway,” Gavin said, his temper past the point of no return. “What did you say to her to make her leave? What did you say to hurt her”
13 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
D
###Take 572
Chapter 572
Griffin’s POV
“Tell me what you said to her,” 1 growled, my wolf forcing itself to the surface.
The color completely drained from Rachel’s face. She was staring at me as I had just struck her. My patience was running thin, and she knew it; I saw the way she trembled, the way her eyes darted back and forth like she was planning an escape. She glanced at her phone sitting on the bedside table, and before she could even think about it, I snatched it. She sucked in a startled breath, her fingers curling in until her hands were balled into fists.
“Give me my phone,” she said, her tone trembling though it was obvious she was trying to keep it steady.
“Answer my fucking question,” 1 growled.
“What proof do you have that I’m lying to you?” she asked.
“I did a paternity test,” Eliza said, walking into the room with a piece of paper. “Alpha Gavin isn’t your baby’s father. Your baby is half human, which makes him an Omega. A Lycan would never have an Omega child.”
Rachel’s face paled even more before her eyes flashed with anger.
“Who gave you permission to give my baby a paternity test?!” She asked, her voice rising as her anger grew.
“I did,” I sneered. “Now answer my fucking question. What did you say to Judy that night?”
Rachel stared between the two of us, a panicked look in her eyes. Her fingers fidgeted against the thin blanket that covered her.
“I told her that I had it handled, and I’ll take care of you,” she said, refusing to meet my eyes.
“You said something else. Why was she upset?
Rachel rolled her eyes.
“I might have insinuated that we are together,” she muttered.
My heart sank at her words. I needed to find Judy and set the record straight. But first, I needed to deal with Rachel.
“Who are you working for? (1
She grinned.
“I will never tell you,” she said, her eyes twinkling with mischief. “But know, our plan is already in motion, and you don’t even know about it.”
My blood was boiling; I had no idea what the fuck she meant. All I wanted was for her to get out of my pack
The door opened, and Taylor and Derek walked in with a few other gamma warriors.
“Take her to the holding cell,” I ordered, pointing at Rachel.
Her eyes grew large.
“You can’t be serious! I’m pregnant you assholes!” She screeched.
The gammas grabbed her and forced her out of bed. She stumbled along with them, growling and yelling as they dragged her to the door.
“You are going to regret this!” She growled, struggling against their hold.
“You’ll tell us the information we seek sooner or later, Rachel,” I told her, my eyes narrowing. “Even if we have to torture it out of you.”
“You wouldn’t dare! I’m pregnant!!”
“Try me.” D
The serious look in my eyes told her that I meant what I said, her eyes widened, and she retreated from her stance.
I motioned for the gammas to take her away, and they dragged her out of the room, leaving me alone with Derek, Taylor, and Eliza
“Do you think it’s tevi she’s working with?”
nodded, I had no I doubt in my mind that fucker was behind this. My wolf was growling angrily, I should have listened to him to begin with and not allowed Kachori access to try pack. I should have kicked her out the second she arrived at my door But I wasn’t going to let her ruin anything else in my life. I needed to fix the damage she had caused and hoped to the Moon Goddess it wasn’t too late.
*Follow them to the dungeon and try to get whatever answers you can from ber,” I tell Derek
ite added and left the room
I turn to Taylor
asit a statement made announcing that I am not the batry’s father, and for everyone who saw the presses ces arport to dravegand it 
Chapter 1977
+25 Bonus
“I’ll get the editor on the phone,” he tells me before turning to his mate. “Can you print me a copy of the DNA report?”
“Of course,” she said, following him out of the room.
I ran my fingers through my hair and grabbed my phone. I did something I should have done a couple of weeks ago, after my night with her… I called Judy.
It went straight to voicemail.
I frowned as I stared at the screen. I tried her one more time but got the same result.
As I was leaving the hospital, I tried Nan’s phone. After a few rings, I went to voicemail.
Did she just deny my call?
Erik was waiting in the car for me; he came after I sent Taylor away on his task. I got into the backseat. I knew Erik and Judy had become friends, so I figured maybe he’d know where Judy was this afternoon.
“Do you know where Judy is?”
He tensed at my question and then cleared his throat.
###Take 573
Chapter 573
“The last I saw, she was at the mansion; she wanted to talk to Irene,” he replied, though he avoided my eyes. I knew there was more to it, but I didn’t have the time
to overthink it.
“Take me to the mansion,” I said, leaning back in my seat.
‘Yes, Alpha,” he replied.
It didn’t take long to get to the mansion. He parked right outside the door, and I got out without a word. I walked into the mansion and stopped when I saw that Nan was there with Irene and Chester. All three of them looked miserable. They were heading into the parlor but paused when they saw me standing in front of them. Nan’s scowl was enough to know that something was seriously wrong.
Chester wrapped an arm around her and pulled her away before she could say or do something she would regret. It was smart of him to make her leave because I wasn’t in the mood to play these games.
My daughter stared at me with bloodshot eyes, and it was clear she had been crying.
“What’s going on?” I asked her as soon as Nan and Chester were out of the room.
“Funny you should ask,” she said, narrowing her eyes at me. “Why are you here?”
“Answer my question, Irene. I’m not in the mood for whatever this is,” I told her, rolling my eyes. She was always so dramatic, and I seriously couldn’t give a shit Jabout whatever dramatic she was having right now.
“You had weeks to come here and make things right. You had months to tell her how you felt, and still you lied to her,” Irene said, her lips pressed in a thin line. 2
“What are you talking about?”
“I’m not an idiot, Dad. I know how you felt about her,” Irene said, shaking her head. I could see the disappointment and hurt on her face. “I know you loved her.”
I opened my mouth to speak, but she held up her hand, silencing me. No one has ever silenced me like that before, but her words… both my wolf and I relished in them. I realized that Irene was right; I was in love with Judy. 4
Tears filled Irene’s eyes as she stared at me; she could see the moment I realized it, too.
“You broke her, Dad…” she whispered. “You should have come here sooner. You should have tried harder. How could you not call her? How could you not tell her?”
“I needed to deal with Rachel first,” I admitted, my voice coming out softer than usual. “There’s a lot that happened that you don’t know about. But I wanted to come back to her with a clean slate, with proof that nothing that was said was true. I didn’t want her to ask questions I couldn’t answer because it would only break
her heart even more.”
As I spoke, I realized how true those words were. I didn’t want to hurt Judy by not having real answers to her questions. But now I had answers and proof to go along with it. Now I could finally tell her everything and show her that I’m not the person the media has painted me out to be. Now I’m ready to move forward with whatever these feelings ih had for her are… now I’m ready to love her. 3
But the look on Irene’s face gave me pause. I knew it wouldn’t be easy to tell her that was in love with someone as young as Judy; I don’t expect Irene to think of her as a mother, nor do I expect Judy to take on the role of a mother to Irene. But I wasn’t expecting the pure disappointment and regret on Irene’s face when I finally confessed to having these feelings.
but before I could say anything more, Nan walked in with tears in her eyes.
“It’s too late,” she whispered, shaking her head. Chester was trying to get her to return to the parlor, but Nan shrugged him off. “Judy’s gone.”
My brows dipped low.
“What do you mean she’s gone?”
“I mean, she left…” Nan said, her lip trembling. “We don’t know what pack she went to. She wouldn’t tell us because she feared you’d force the information out of us with your Lycan abilities, But she took a position with an Elite Force, and she moved.”
My blood went cold as I looked at my daughter, who was staring at me, her eyes now void of emotions.
“Tell me she’s lying,” I said, trying hard to keep control of my wolf who was now thrashing inside of me, begging to be released and find the woman he had fallen so deeply in love with
“I wish I could,” trene murmured. “But Nan is telling the truth, Dad, Judy came here to say goodbye. They dropped her off at the airport a few hours ago. Eone, and I don’t think she’s coming back” (10)
She’s 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
###Take 574
Chapter 574
Judy’s POV
2 weeks later.
+25 Bonus
Life in the Redcliff pack had been interesting these last 2 weeks. When I first arrived, it was Beta Ron who had met with me. I was expecting Levi, but apparently he was too busy. I hadn’t even seen Alpha Levi the entire time I was here. His home pack was only about an hour away from Redcliff, but I thought he would have been there to see me, I was wrong, Instead, he sent his Beta.
I stood in the front of the mirror in the bathroom in my new condo, getting ready for the day. When I first got here, I couldn’t stop crying. All last week was miserable, but I vowed that I wouldn’t shed another tear for a man who didn’t want me. It was obvious where his loyalties were, and it wasn’t with me, so why should my loyalties be with him? This week, I felt different. Not necessarily stronger, just different. I couldn’t figure out why, though.
2
I stared down at my body; it didn’t look any different. I still had the same narrow frame with curvy hips from all the years of working out. I wore a tank top that rested just above my belly button and yoga pants that hugged my figure. I tied my long hair back into a ponytail, my eyes went to the fading mark on my neck from Ethan. It was almost completely gone; not being around him as much this past year had drastically weakened our mate bond, and when that happens, the mark gradually fades. In a few months, it’ll be completely gone.
I heard a knock on the door. I pulled my gaze away from my reflection and opened the bathroom door. I walked down the short hallway and entered the living room area. The condo was a vast and clean space; I hadn’t done much to it. It was decorated by the Redcliff packanates, and it was nicely done; it was modem and made the area seem brighter and comfortable.
I went to the front door and opened it to find Lucy standing in front of me. Lucy was gorgeous with straight blonde hair with pink streaks and Emerald green eyes, equipped with long and dark lashes. The second she saw me, her smile lit up her face, and she pulled me into a tight hug.
“Hey, girl!” She cooed. “Sampson wants you at the packhouse this morning. Something about a rogue threat he wants you to investigate.” 3 
She waved her hand dismissively as if it were no big deal.
I nodded as i grabbed my backpack, which was filled with all the supplies, such as weapons and equipment, that I would need for the day. I put my shoes on while Lucy watched me from the doorway, her eyes following my frame, and her eyes cocked to the side a bit.
“You look different,” she pointed out.
I frowned as I joined her at the door.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, I know I’ve only known you for 2 weeks, but last week you were all thin, washed out, and sad. This week… you’re different,” she told me. “Your face is
fuller, and you seem brighter.”
“I feel different,” I admit. “I think this was exactly what I needed.”
We stepped out of the condo; Lucy’s red convertible was parked right outside. I raised my brows as I watched her walk around the car to get into the driver’s seat.
“I’m surprised that Alpha Sampson let you drive yourself here,” I teased as I slid into the passenger side.
“Oh, he doesn’t know I’m here,” she giggled.
I gawked at her, shocked.
“Are you kidding me” I asked. “I thought he sent you to get me.”
She shook her head, nibbling on her lower lip.
“Not exactly. I convinced the Gamma that he did send to let me go instead,” she admitted with a shrug as she put the car in drive. 
“And he went along with it”
She just laughed, pulling away from my condo.
“Of course he did, I’m the Luna. He has to do what I say.”
I laugh at her logk.
“Your mate is going to kill you,” I tease. “And me for letting that happen.”
“Oh, please He’d never. He loves me, and you’re my friend, so my default, he loves you,”
I laugh again and sheke my head at her, I loved Luna Lucy and Alpha Sampson They both welcomed me with wide smiles and open arms, especially when they were told I would be joining their Elite Force. It took a little while to prove myself to those I’m working with, even after I won the Gamma Competition, but after one werk of working with ine, they realized I was all business
I wasn’t there to play aromated I was there to do a job 1 do my job well, even if my brain is clouded because of a stupid guy. I refused to let my teammates see me weak, so I left my crying at my condo door before leaving every morning. This is the first week that I don’t feel filer crying; yes, I’m still sad and my heart still aches every time I breathe, but I feel a bit lighter today I feel as if the weight of the world isn’t on my shoulders, and it was a nice feeling.
Chapter 574
P
Comments
Support
Share
+25 Bonus
###Take 575
Chapter 575
I was quickly making friends and a home in this pack.
Though I had to admit, I missed my friends back home. I’ve had my cellphone shut off for the last 2 weeks; I was afraid that if I called one of my friends, or if they called me, they would only feed me information about Gavin. The last thing I wanted to hear about was his wedding planning. 2
“Where did your mind just go?” Lucy asked with a frown.
I hadn’t told Lucy about Gavin or about anything real in my life. She obviously knew I had family and friends back home, but she didn’t know much of anything else. I told her that I didn’t have a phone, which is why she couldn’t contact me right now. I have a company one from working with the Elite Force, which is what Sampson contacts me on; she keeps trying to get Sampson’s permission to contact me on that phone, but he refuses because it’s not meant for socializing.
1 suppose at some point iw was going to have to turn on my phone and get a hold of my parents because they were probably worried about me, despite me calling them when I landed to tell them that I was safe, and I’ll contact them again when I can in a few weeks.
I’ll just tell Lucy that I happened to have gotten a phone and then give her my number.
She offered to buy me a phone, but I refused to take a dime from her.
“Just thinking about the rogues. There are new attacks?”
She shrugged.
“Or so I’ve heard through the grapevine,” she replied.
We pulled up to the large manor of a packhouse and got out of the car. We walked together while they mindlessly spoke to me, and soon we were entering through the large doors only to see a bustling of Gamma warriors.
“Woah,” I said, freezing.
Before I could comprehend what was going on, Sampson was in front of us with his arms folded across his chest; his eyes were fixed on his mate.
“You bribed one of my Gamma warriors,” Sampson stated; it wasn’t a question; more like a fact. “You can’t do that kind of thing, Lucy. Not right now, at least. It’s dangerous for you to wander around the pack unprotected. You know the main target for rogues are Lunas and those who are important to Alphas. It weakens the pack when the Alpha is distracted. By being careless with your life, you put the pack in danger.”
“You are so dramatic,” Lucy said, rolling her eyes. “It’s not that serious. Judy lives literally up the street.”
“It is serious, Lucy. If anything happened to you…” His voice trailed off, unable to finish the thought. I loved how much Sampson loved Lucy; it made me envious. I wanted that kind of love. I wanted to feel worshipped like she did. My heart ached at the thought that I might never have that. My true mate didn’t want me… and the guy I thought I was falling in love with, also doesn’t want me. My hope was dwindling, and there was nothing I could do about it.
“Is the threat that bad?” I asked, interrupting his scolding. “Why are there so many warriors here? What’s going on?”
“You should find your team,” Sampson told me, directing his gaze from Lucy to me, “Marlo will tell you the details.”
Marlo was my team leader. We don’t always see eye to eye, but I respect him as my superior. I had only been here for a couple of weeks after all.
“Are we in danger, Sir?” I asked him.
Sampson opened his mouth to speak, but then he closed it as if he were to rethink what he wanted to say. Then he pressed his lips together and gave me a short nod.
“Yes,” he replied. “I’m afraid the security of my pack had been breached. We are calling in for help from other packs and waiting to hear back from them, but it’s not looking good. There are a lot of deaths, and I’m trying to keep those of us here alive. Go find Marlo and have him fill you in, Judy. I need to deal with my mate and make sure she stays in the packhouse.” (4)
I nodded without hesitation and did exactly what my new Alpha requested. (10)
###Take 576
Chapter 576
Judy’s POV
I found Marlo with the rest of the team towards the back of the packhouse. I could see the worried expressions on some of their faces, and it ate away at my stomach. We were a team of Elite Gamma Warriors; nothing was supposed to worry us. But the look they were sporting wasn’t confident.
“Marlo, what is going on?” I asked, approaching my team leader.
Marlo was a tall and bulky man with tattoos, and he constantly wore his armor and weapons. He turned when I approached him, his stern expression never wavering.
“There was a breach in security during the overnight,” he explained. “We lost lives.”
“How many?”
“Enough to raise alarms,” he replied. “Innocent people, Women… children… it was a blood bath in some homes.”
“What?” I gasped. “How did I not hear about this until now? How did I sleep through it?”
“It was in the northern location of the pack, a long way away from your condo,” Marlo explained.
“And nobody thought to page or call me?” I asked.
I hadn’t been sworn into their pack officially yet and couldn’t until the full moon, so I couldn’t mindlink anyone in the pack or on the team yet,
“We did,” one of my teammates, Drew, said, folding his arms across his chest. “Maybe try charging your pager?”
I frowned as I reached into my bag and pulled out the sleek black pager Marlo had given me on my first day. I clicked the button that turned it on, but it didn’t turn on. I had forgotten to charge it last night… again.
I groaned and shoved it back into my bag.
“Sorry,” I murmured. “I’ll make sure to put it on the charger tonight.”
“You better,” Marlo said, narrowing his eyes. “We needed all hands on deck. We could have used you. You proved yourself to us already, your skills are a must on the force. Don’t let us down again.”
“I’ll make sure not to, Commander,” I told her, nodding my head. “So, what can I do now? Put me to work?”
“Right now, we are healing those who survived and putting to rest those who didn’t. There are a lot more who didn’t. We have the tech team investigating how our servers got hacked. Alpha Sampson called in backup as well from someone very powerful. We are keeping their identity under wraps for right now because we don’t want to cause more of a frenzy, but your job will be to get them settled in our pack.”
“Someone important?” Lasked, my heart suddenly racing. “Can I ask who they are? I promise I won’t tell anyone.”
“Sorry, but the identity is hidden from even me. Only Alpha Sampson knows,” Marlo replied.
“Okay,” I said, not fully processing this information. “When will this important person be arriving?” 
“He’s scheduled to land in a couple of days,” Marlo told me. “He’ll be in a private jet. You’ll pick him up at the airport and bring him to the packhouse… safely. Not that he can’t handle himself. If Sampson is calling for his help, I’m sure he can hold his own in a fight, if not defeating all threats himself. But we’d feel better if someone were with him on his journey to the packhouse.” 
“I understand,” I said before I could stop myself. “I’ll be there.”
I was about to ask if I should head to my post on the outer coast of the pack, but a strange sense of nausea washed over me. My breathing grow shalow, and the saliva started to build up quickly. 4
Spencer is at your post right now. He’s scheduled for another hour,” Marlo sald, as if he could read my thoughts. “You can start heading there now if you…” His voice trailed off once he saw my face, and he frowned. “Judy?”
“Excuse me for a minute,” I said before he could even get my name out of his mouth. I hurried away from him and through the packhouse. Only a few noticed that I ran through them I didn’t stop until I reached the bathroom.
I pulled the door open and stumbled over to the toilet. I leaned over and let out all of my dinner from last night. I have no idea what is wrong with me, I don’t ever get sich, at least not like this. It wasn’t making any sense.
My bear was epinning
There was a soft knock on the door I didn’t want to see anyone right now. But I knew I couldn’t, Lucy I knew from het scent that it was her
352
+25 Bonus
before she even spoke.
“Judy?” She spoke softly. “Are you okay?”
I took a deep breath before flushing the toilet and standing up. I unlocked and opened the door, pulling it open only to meet Lucy’s concerned gaze. Without a warning, she’s rushing into the bathroom, a worried glint in her eyes.
“Are you okay?” She asked me, turning to look at me. “I saw you running through the room like something was on fire. What happened?”
I opened my mouth to speak, but then she crinkled her eyes.
“Did you throw up?” She suddenly asked, looking around before her eyes landed on the toilet. “You got sick? Have you been sick this whole time?”
D
###Take 577
Chapter 577
“No I mean kind of,” I told her, my cheeks flushing. “I’m not really sure what’s wrong, I think it’s just a stomach bug. It’s nothing to be too worried about. I think I just need to drink some water or something”
“Nonsense. I’ll talk to Sampson. I want to take you to the pack hospital.”
My face paled at the mention of a hospital
“No, that’s not necessary The doctors of this pack have enough to worry about right now. With the new threat out there and the lives that are at risk, they don’t need to worry about me over a stomach bug”
Lucy defiantly folded her arms across her chest.
“You can’t go on post with a stomach bug, Judy,” she told me, “You know this, as does Mario and Sampson.” 
I knew she was right, and I hated that she was. I took a deep breath and let my shoulders slump.
“Okay,” I breathed. “But I really don’t want to make a big deal out of this. Maybe they can give me something for the stomach bug, and I’ll be on my way.” 
she nodded, holding up her hand.
“I promise,” she assured me, “We’ll be in and out if it’s nothing” 
Not before long, we were standing in front of Sampson and asking him for a short leave so I could go to the hospital. He granted it, agreeing with Lucy,
Of course, he didn’t allow us to just go to the hospital unprotected; a few of his Gammas accompanied us. I was grateful that Lucy was with me the entire time. She refused to let me go through this alone. She could tell I was nervous, and it made me feel better that she was standing by my side.
The nurse walked into the waiting room after what felt like an eternity of us waiting
“Judy Montague,” the nurse called out.
I stood to my feet, though I felt numb. I could barely feel my legs as I walked through the waiting room and towards the waiting nurse. Her smile widened when she noticed me, and she motioned for me to walk with her.
Lucy stayed closely behind me as we stepped through the doors and down the long hallway. Not before long after, we were stepping into the hospital room.
“Put that gown on and pee in this cup,” The nurse instructed, handing me a cup. 
I frowned at it.
“What for?” I asked, glancing at her. 
“It’s procedure, ‘she replied without hesitation.
Soon, the nurse was leaving, and my heart was racing. Lucy found a comfortable seat in the corner of the room. I stepped into the attached bathroom, locking the door behind me.
Once I peed in the cup, I put the cap on and stepped out of the bathroom, my body almost trembling as I placed it on the nightstand beside the 
bed
The nurse retumed a moment later to collect the pee sample. She said a few words and then left. I stayed seated on the bed with a racing heart, Lacy reached over and gripped my hand, a small site lighting up her face.
“You’re going to be okay,” she assured me. “Just breathe,” 
Am I that obvious?” I asked, trying my best at a laugh, but she could see right through me.
“Kind of,” he admitted. “It’s all over your face,” 
There were no Words left to speak, I wanted to say something, but I wasn’t sure what We stayed in a comfortable silence for a long while. It dain’t take long for fary to continue her nonnal banter as if nothing was wrong. Not long after, a doctor was walking into the roots
He greeted me and troduced himself as Dr. Oliver. I wasn’t sure if that was his first name or last name, but he seemed kind enough. He hint a chant in his hands, and be scanned it briefly before his gaze lifted to mine.
“Well, I have Iesuite for you, and (have good news. It’s not a stomach bug,” he told me. I let out a breath of relief. Thank goodness, because
-2 bonn
there was no way I would be able to work with a stomach bug. Now, I just need some medicine to fix whatever is wrong with me so I can gen
back to work
“Great,” I said, my voice coming out breathy as I slid down from the table Just prescribe me something that help, and I’ll be on my way.”
*T’m afraid I can’t do that either,” he said, holding up his hand “You may not be ill, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t an underlying issue.”
1 frowned, not sure what he meant. 
“I don’t understand”
“It might be hard to uphold your job in your current position,” he said, narrowing his eyes at me, his eyes scanning me from head to toe.
“My position?” I asked, my voice coming out as barely a whisper
He nodded.
“Yes,” he replied “Your condition Miss Montague… you’re pregnant.” (14)
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
D
###Take 578
Chapter 578
Judy’s POV
“Pregnant?!” Both Lucy and I nearly shouted at the same time. It startled the doctor, who looked between us with a frown.
“Y…yes,” he stammered. “You are, in fact, pregnant. Of course, there are options. You don’t need to decide anything right now, but I know you just got here and are a part of the Elite Force. I doubt they’d let you continue working on the force if they knew you were pregnant.”
“Are you saying I could get fired from my job?” I asked, my voice hoarse. “I worked hard to get this position. How would it look if I got fired”
“Don’t worry, you’re not going to get fired,” Lucy said stubbornly, folding her arms across her chest. “This is a minor setback.”
“As I said, there are options,” the doctor said, his brows pinched together. He rummaged through his stuff and pulled out a brochure. When he handed it to me, I saw the big words on the front of it, and my heart stopped.
Abortion.
Was he seriously suggesting that I abort my baby?
Was that something I was even capable of doing?
I was pregnant… with an actual baby. A living and breathing baby.
I thought back to the last time I had sex; it was over a month ago now. Maybe almost 2 months. It was that night with Gavin…
Oh Goddess… Gavin.
My hands immediately went to my belly, and my entire body trembled.
I was carrying Gavin Landry’s baby.
“As I said, there are options,” the doctor continued as he tried to hand me the brochure; I just stared at it, refusing to move to take it. He was about to say something more, but Lucy grabbed the brochure, her eyes narrowed.
“Really?” She asked, her brows pinched together. “Abortion? That’s the option you’re giving her right now?” (
“If she wants to remain on the Elite Force, it’s the best option.”
I knew he was right; if I wanted to continue on this career path, I couldn’t be pregnant. There was no way they’d let me do my job while carrying a baby, and then what about afterwards? How could I commit 100 percent to the force when I have a baby at home? Plus, who would take care of the baby while I’m working?
My nerves were getting the best of me; my heart hammered in my chest.
What was worse… Gavin didn’t want me. There was no way he was going to want this baby. It would ruin his entire life; he was already a father to Irene and Matt; did he even want any more kids? (5)
Who was I kidding? Even if he did want kids… he didn’t want them with me.
I suddenly felt sick tom my stomach again. 
I didn’t realize that the doctor had left the room until Lucy was standing in front of me with a concerned look on her face. She must have told the doctor to leave. 
“Judy, talk to me,” Lucy said, her voice soft and compassionate. “I had no idea you were seeing someone…”
My cheeks flushed.
“I’m not seeing anyone,” I blurted. “It was a one–night stand.”
“A one–night stand?” Lucy asked slowly, like she was testing the words on her tongue. “That doesn’t seem like you…” 
“It was a drunken night,” I said quickly. “It wasn’t a big deal.” 
“Well, it is now,” Luxy said, raising her brows. “You are pregnant with his baby. Are you going to tell him?” 
“I don’t even know his name,” I lied, hating that my face was betraying me right now. I could feel how hot my face was, which meant Lacy could see the redness in my cheeks (11
“We have some of the best resources in the world, Judy. We can find him easily. He might want to know that he’s going to be a father, and even so, he should be accountable. If not physically here, he should at least be financially. You shouldn’t be expected to do this on your own if
312
###Take 579
Crepptes 579
+25 Bonus
this is what you want. You do have options, but ultimately it is your choice. It’s your body.” (1
“I’m going to lose my job,” I whispered, my hand splaying over my flat belly. “What am I going to do?”
“You don’t lose your job. You might still need to be put on leave for now. You’ll still get paid. I’ll make sure of it. Let me talk to Sampson and
“I’m not ready for him to know yet,” I blurted. “Can we just keep this between us for right now?”
She frowned.
“You want me to lie to my mate?” She asked, almost astonished, her eyes wide.
I flushed at her question.
“Not lie… just don’t tell him. I mean it’s not your story to tell. It’s mine. I’ll tell him I’m ready, I promise. Just don’t say anything. Please, Lucy.”
“That’s kind of a big thing though,” she said, cocking her head. “He’s the Alpha. It’s hard to hide something like that from him.”
“You hide things from him all the time,” I remind her. “Like when you leave the packhouse without guards.” 
She rolled her eyes. 
“But I don’t expect him not to find out. That’s the fun of it. I love it when he gets all possessive and growly. It’s hot, and the makeup sex is incredible. It’s never malicious, though. I’d never keep something from him that he wouldn’t find out immediately.”
“Lucy, I am asking you as my friend to please let me tell him when I’m ready. That’s all,” I said, my eyes big with worry.
Chapter 579
She stared at me for a long while, and then she sighed; I’ve come to know that sigh. She was relenting.
“You have to promise me you’ll tell him soon,” she said, narrowing her eyes. “I’m still Luna, and I worry about you, Judy. I don’t want you putting yourself or your baby at risk by working yourself sick.”
I nodded.
“I promise, I’ll be careful.”
She nodded in return.
After we finished at the doctor’s, we returned to the packhouse with some of the Gammas appointed to keep the Luna safe. Alpha Sampson greeted us; his brows pinched together as he studied me.
“Is everything okay? How was the doctor’s appointment?” He asked, folding his arms across his chest as he stared at me.
“It was fine,” I told him a little too quickly. “Just a stomach bug. He gave me some medicine and sent me on my way.”
“So, you’ll be okay to take your post?” He asked, cocking his head to the side.
I glanced at Lucy, who kept her eyes averted, before I returned my attention to Sampson’s questioning face. 
‘Yes, I’m ready to take my post. I’ll head there now.”
He studied me for a moment longer before nodding, effectively dismissing me.
My post was on the other side of the pack. There was a small wooden perch on top of one of the tallest trees, perfectly hidden in the leaves. That was where my main post was. Before I made the climb, I made sure I had all my supplies. Before entering the forest, I stripped out of my clothes and shifted into my wolf. Her tracking senses were on point, and she could sniff out any lingering threats that may or may not be following or watching. I hadn’t caught anyone yet, but with the threat of the rogues and how they took out so many innocent packmates during the overnight, I wasn’t taking any chances.
I wanted to make sure my post was cleared before I made the climb to my perch. I let my wolf take on full control as we searched the perimeter. Once my wolf deemed the area safe, she relinquished her control back to me. I shifted back into my human form and quickly dressed, putting on my gear as I did so. I stared up at the perch; I was satisfied that I couldn’t see any signs of Spencer, who was currently keeping watch of my post until I relieved him. That meant the perch was still unseen; I couldn’t even smell Spencer, which meant he was using the masking spray.
I sprayed it on myself before I entered the forest to keep myself from being followed. I started to climb the tree with ease; climbing had always been easy for me, even in wolf form, which was a rarity because wolves were not climbers. It was one of the many things that saved me during the competition.
As I broke through the clearing of the treetop, the wooden perch came into view. At first glance, it looked almost empty. But I knew better than that; Spencer wouldn’t just leave the post. I whistled, mimicking a bird, as I neared. It was a soft whistle; it was our secret language.
The whistle returned to me, and I grinned when I saw his hand outstretched for me. I didn’t need his help, but I took it anyway. Spencer, being as strong as he is, pulled me the rest of the way up until I was resting on the wooden perch beside him. He was hidden in the shadows, but his blue eyes, with a hint of gold from his wolf eyes, were shining through.
“Took you long enough,” he teased. 
I rolled my eye’s as I got myself settled.
“Sorry, I had an incident. Had to go to the pack hospital,” I told him.
His eyes grew wide, and suddenly, he was no longer in the shadow region, but right in front of me.
“Are you okay?” He asked. “What happened?” 
Spencer was one of the first guys on the force who actually respected and befriended me. He was kind; he had a large build and shaggy brown hair He had adorable dimples on his cheeks when he smiled and always had this boyish quality about film, but he was good at his job. He stood up for me when the others rallied around to push me out during their haze. The haze usually lasted a few weeks, but thanks to Spencer and because I proved myself pretty early on, the haze only lasted a few days.
I was grateful to Spencer for his friendship.
“I’m fine. It was just a stomach bug,” I assured him. “But you’re wanted at the packhouse, so you shouldn’t keep them waiting.”
Spencer rolled his eyes.
Chapter 574
“They can wait. Seriously, Judy. Are you sure you’re okay?”
I nodded, giving him a bright smile, though I knew it didn’t reach my eyes.
“I’m sure,” I assured him. “Let me get situated. You don’t need to stay any longer. We’ll talk more later.” 
He studied me for a long while before he sighed; he draped his fingers through his hair and then gave me a short nod.
“Okay,” he said softly. “I’ll see you later.”
Not before long, I was left alone with my thoughts and a baby in my belly.
What the fuck was I going to do? 13 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
D
###Take 580
Chapter 580
Judy’s POV
My mind was a whirlwind of thoughts. I couldn’t believe I was stupid enough to get pregnant with Gavin Landry’s baby. I was on birth control, but either I missed a pill that morning, or my birth control failed. If I missed a pill, I hadn’t noticed. I leaned against the tree, my knees pressed to my chest; the cold afternoon air whipped around me, and a slight chill crept up my spine.
I kept my sniper rifle in hand, loaded and ready to go at any moment. I loved being on post because it was all about being quiet. I needed the solitude; I needed to figure out what I was going to do about this pregnancy. Could I really have a baby on my own? Should I tell Gavin about what was going on? 3
My wolf wanted me to share the news with him, but I knew what was going to happen; he would deny both me and the baby. He wanted Rachel … not me. A part of me thought about calling my mom; she would know exactly what to do in this situation, but it would also worry her, and she would insist that I come home. I couldn’t come home right now, not while Gavin was still marrying Rachel and expecting a baby with her. I wouldn’t allow my child to feel unwanted; that was the last thing I wanted. (5
A twig snapping brought my attention to the perimeter, breaking through the haze of my thoughts. My body tensed as I pulled my wolf’s eyes forward so I could search my surrounding area easily. I sniffed the air, frowning when I didn’t smell anything. Typically, I’d be able to smell a rogue easily or an intruder. There were no others from the force scheduled to be in this area right now, so I knew it wasn’t one of the other team members. Whoever it was that was approaching was masking their scent.
A shadow in the distance drew her attention, and though I couldn’t see what it was, I knew something, or rather someone, was there. I positioned her sniper and peeked through the scope to get a better look; between my wolf sight and the sniper scope, I was able to finally get an outline of a person. 1
My heart nearly stopped when I saw that it was a young girl… a teenager. She was stumbling past the borders and onto the Redcliff pack territory. Her clothes were ripped from what looked like a struggle; she had bruises all over her body and blood on her clothes. Her blond hair was a mess, and her eyes were bloodshot from crying. She had bruises beneath her eyes, and her lip was split open. 1
It was clear she was beaten.
The worst part was… I recognized her.
I reached into my bag and pulled out my walkie–talkie; I couldn’t mindlink with the team leader yet, so he gave me a walkie–talkie so I could
keep communication with him while on post.
I pressed the button to connect to him and brought it to my lips.
“Someone is crossing the border. A teenage girl, blonde hair and, small frame. Looks to be wearing jeans with flowers on the bottom cuffs and a loose–fitted blouse,” I say into the walkie–talkie.
For a moment, there was no response. I kept my eyes on the girl as she struggled to walk through the perimeter. She stopped a few times to take several deep breaths, as if the short distance she just walked was too much for her to handle, and she was already winded.
“There are reports of a missing girl from last night,” Marlo said into the walkie–talkie. “Cindy Carson, Janet’s daughter.” 
Oh, right!
I remembered meeting Cindy once. Janet, I’ve seen you a few times at the grocery store when I stocked my kitchen with food last week. Janet owned the store, and when Cindy wasn’t in school, she worked part–time at the store. She was a sweet girl, very reserved and gorgeous. I almost didn’t recognize her. J
I had no idea that the rogues from last night had taken her, and my heart broke for her family.
“Her father was found dead this morning along with others,” Marlo continued.
“How’s Janet?” I asked. “Did she survive?” 
“She wasn’t home at the time of the attack. She was across the pack at her store. She was thankfully safe from the attack.” 
Relief flooded me at hearing that, but my heart ached at the thought of Janet losing both her husband and her child. But it looked like Cindy was being returned… but the question was… why? 
“Should I approach her?” I asked Marlo.
“No, I’m sending backup. Keep your post. This could be a trap.” 
I didn’t think about that, my heart was hammering against my chest.
I kept my eyes on the girl, Cindy. She stumbled a few more times before resting against a tree, her shoulders sulking. A small soh escaped her
472
+25 Bonus
lips as tears ran down her cheeks. There was something strange about how she was moving and the way she was acting. I knew she was beaten, she was certainly in pain, but why wasn’t she trying to get home as fast as she could? Why wasn’t she rushing away from the borders? A place where they clearly tortured and tormented her?
###Take 581
Chapter 581
My wolf had a strange feeling about this, and I agreed with her. My eyes darted around the forest until I spotted a few Gammas in wolf form walking towards Cindy. They were sniffing the air, trying to get a whiff of her scent, but I knew, like me, they couldn’t smell her. She was wearing the masking spray, which should only be occupied by Gammas of the Elite force. It was created specifically for the Elite Force; nobody else was supposed to have access to that, so it was strange that Cindy was wearing it.
There were a couple more Gammas walking in human form as well. They had weapons and were searching the perimeter, one of whom was looking up at my post, and though he couldn’t see me, he gave me a nod.
I didn’t bother to return it because again, he couldn’t see me.
My eyes found Cindy, who had no idea that gammas were approaching. She took a deep breath before moving from the tree and heading in the direction of the pack grounds. Her eyes were averted down, and that was when I noticed she was barefoot.
She had her hands on her belly, and her fingers were trembling as she clutched her shirt, like she was afraid it would fall off her body.
That was when I noticed something on her belly; it was small and hardly noticeable, but my wolf was immediately on high alert at the sight of
it.
It was small and resembled a tick, but I knew better. I’ve seen them before, and I was warned about them in training at school
I stared at the Gammas who were approaching her and stopped as I watched her finally notice them. Her eyes were wide, and I saw the slight panic on her face; that was all I needed to know… that was all the proof that was required for me to expose myself completely to them all.
Without thinking, I screamed.
“It’s a trap!!!! Take cover!!!!!”
But it was too late. 
The explosion was booming, and the fire that erupted from it nearly took out the entire forest. My post was completely obliterated, and I was thrown out of the tree. My wolf took over completely, her fight and fight mode activated, and right now, all she wanted was the flight. She shifted just as the explosion reached us, the burn of the fire stung, and she howled in pain as the smoke of the cloud invaded our lungs.
That didn’t stop her, though; I felt the pain from her paws as we landed on the ground… or at least what used to be a ground. Now it was nothing but a wasteland of heat and gravel as we ran through the burning forest.
The Gammas and Cindy were dead; that much was obvious. I could hear the commotion from the pack; I knew the explosion wasn’t enough to take them out, but it was enough that it did some damage and alerted the rest of the force.
If Cindy was able to get any closer to the pack, then it would have taken out the entire back… but instead, it only took out our forest. My heart was racing as we dodged falling trees and jumped around the blazing fire that nearly consumed us entirely.
My wolf was fast, and not before long, we were breaking through the clearing and back on the packland. There were buildings that had caught o: fire from the explosion and trees that were burning to the ground way too close for comfort, but they were being taken care of by other 
gammas.
My lungs were burning from the smoke, and I hadn’t realized that I couldn’t breathe until I started to see specks of darkness clouding my vision. I was thankful at that moment that my wolf was taking complete control and got me out of that situation.
A giant black wolf came towards me, and I knew right away that it was Alpha Sampson. The second I was in his presence, my wolf had finally stopped running. She collapsed to the ground, our head hitting the pavement, and my chest heaving as I struggled to breathe.
Sampson’s wolf whipped his head around, and I knew he was sending a mindlink to someone. Then he turned and leapt towards the threat, his large wolf not looking back for a second.
I hadn’t realized that I shifted back into human form until I heard the sound of my own moan. I was in pain, and I could hardly breathe from how much smoke I had consumed. My skin was charred from the explosion, and I’m pretty sure I sprained my leg from the run back to the pack
As my vision went black and I slowly lost consciousness, the only thing I could think about was my baby and how all I wanted was to protect it.
D
###Take 582
Chapter 582
Gavin’s POV
It’s been 2 weeks.
2 weeks since Judy left.
2 weeks since I lost my chance with her.
2 weeks since I let her slip through my fingers.
I had been searching all the parklands for any signs of Judy, but as far as I knew, she wasn’t in this region anymore. I had no jurisdiction in other Lycan territory, so I couldn’t just send my men to them and search their lands. As far as I knew, she hadn’t even been in contact with her family. I’ve been monitoring Irene’s phone, despite her protests. But there’s been no contact made.
What infuriated me even more was the fact that she had the nerve to leave without saying a word to me or Matthew. I clenched my fists at the thought of it. My wolf was wallowing in pain, missing her more with each passing day.
The first week that Judy left, I drank myself into a stupor. I was unable to function as an Alpha, and Taylor had to pick up a lot of the slack. I was grateful to him for that. Now I was back in the office, and I couldn’t think about anything other than Judy. I couldn’t stop thinking about her eyes, her smile, her scent… I was craving her touch. I just needed her back in my arms. 2
My head was pounding as I went through the reports on my computer. Though I was looking at them, I couldn’t comprehend a single thing that they said.
There was a knock on my office door before Taylor walked in; I don’t know why he bothers knocking if he’s not going to wait for me to give him permission to enter. I rolled my eyes as he closed the door behind him.
“There’s a problem,” Taylor said, turning to look at me. “There’s been an attack in the Redcliff pack.”
“When did the Redcliff pack become my problem?” I asked, annoyed by the interruption.
“Since you agreed to go there to investigate the situation with some of your best Gamma warriors,” Taylor said, raising his brows. “You do remember your promise to them, right?” 
I rolled my eyes at the memory. 
Technically, Redcliff was Levi’s territory, and I wouldn’t go there unless it benefited me… or unless it was necessary. But the problems they were having with the rogues worried me. If we didn’t hip it in the butt soon, it could end up being an issue here as well. We have some of the best trackers in the world and could pinpoint the exact location of the rogue hideout, which is what they are desperately searching for. Levi granted us permission to enter and patrol his territory.
“I’m not scheduled to go there for a few more days,” I told Taylor. 
“Well, they are requesting you now,” Taylor said. “There was an explosion. It was bad.
“An explosion? The rogues are using explosives?”
Taylor nodded.
“Yeah, and if we don’t nip it in the butt now, it could end up becoming a problem here too. You know how it works,” Taylor reminded me.
I groaned, knowing he was right.
“Okay. Book a flight. We will leave tonight and be there by tomorrow,” I murmured.
Taylor nodded as he turned to leave. 
“Oh, and by the way… they just hired a new Gamma warrior. Not sure who it is… but I heard they are a badass.”
I raised my brows, my eyes meeting Taylor’s. The knowing glint in his eyes told me everything that I suspected.
“You’re saying.” I started but then stopped; I couldn’t get my hopes up. It would only leave me gutted if it turned out not to be true. I sighed and leaned back in my seat. “I’ll be there,”
Taylor smirked but said nothing as he left my office
by the next moming, we were landing at the Redcliff airport. We took a private plane and were greeted by a tall and lanky–looking man with shaggy brown hair and almost a boyish quality about him. He wore Gamma stinor and had weapons attached to his hip, this was a pack that had an Fiste Force, he had the Elite Force badge on his chest that read Spencer
Chocker 562
+25 Bonus 
“Alpha Landry, it’s an honor to finally meet you,” he said, bowing his head. “My name is Spencer. I’m here to escort you to the packhouse.”
I nodded as he hurried to grab my and Taylor’s luggage. I asked Taylor to come with me to Levi’s territory in case anything happened. Derek and some of the other Gammas are on their way as well in their own private plane. They had a lot of gear and equipment they needed to bring, and because of the weight limit of the private planes, it was better if they took a separate plane. 2
###Take 583
Chapter 583
They would be arriving in a few hours because they got a later start than we did.
Taylor was scheduled to return to the pack in a couple of days so he could keep watch of the company while I remained in Levi’s territory for the rest of the week with my gammas.
We walked to the waiting car and got into the back seat. Once Spencer had our things stored in the trunk, he slid into the driver’s seat.
“Sorry, it’s kind of a mess back there,” he said, glancing at some of the trash on the ground. I frowned at it, not saying anything. “I wasn’t expecting company in my car. This was kind of last minute as I got this assignment and was running late this morning. The one who was supposed to be here got caught in the explosion last night. She’ll be okay… but she’s being kept in the hospital for a few days for observation.
I nodded, not bothering to reply because I wasn’t sure how to reply to that. I didn’t really care about their warriors or their people… I cared about mine, and I wanted to make sure this threat didn’t make its way to my territory. I wanted to figure out what was going on now before it truly became my problem. 1
Thankfully, the Redcliff pack was a pack that Levi didn’t come to often. Unlike me, he didn’t go to each of his packs monthly to check on things. Levi’s home pack was over an hour away from here, and he mainly focused on that pack and some of the surrounding packs. The ones that were out of his way, he hardly bothered with. Though I expected to see his Beta Ron at any point.
I was surprised that Levi actually granted permission for another Lycan to occupy his land for a week, but because I have the best trackers and, admittedly, better resources than he does, apparently, he found himself desperate for some outside help. And because I was curious about this rogue problem and wanted to nip it in the bud early on before it became a problem on my territory, I agreed. Plus, I needed a distraction… not to mention it gave me an excuse to go onto someone else’s territory and continue my search for Judy. I hated that I couldn’t find her, and I hated it even more thinking that she could be on another Lycan’s territory. 7
My wolf growled at the thought, bringing me unwanted attention in the car.
I cleared my throat and looked out the window the window without addressing why I was pissed off. Taylor didn’t press me for information, probably already guessing why I was upset. Spencer, on the other hand, looked like he wanted to be anywhere but here.
Once we arrived in the pack, my wolf grew tense. He was sensing something, but I couldn’t tell what it was. 
Spencer parked in front of the large packhouse and stepped out of the car to open our doors and grab our luggage. Taylor and I stepped out of the car, and I took in the warm air; this was a warm climate environment, and I wasn’t used to the odd temperature. 
“Alpha Landry,” Sampson, the Alpha of the Redcliff pack, said as he walked down the front steps. “It’s an honor to meet you, Sir. I’m the Alpha of this pack.” 
“Sampson, right?” I asked as I shook his hand.
I could still smell the burning from the explosion yesterday.
“Yes, sir,” Sampson replied. “Thank you for coming here on such short notice. None of us anticipated the recent attack. It kind of shook us. It could have been a lot worse… thankfully, it wasn’t. Though I lost a few gammas, one of them was injured. Thankfully, she’ll be okay.”
“My gammas should be arriving in a couple of hours. They’ll start their investigation right away, but I’d like to speak to the survivors and find out what they know.” 
Sampson nodded as he said, “I hadn’t had a chance to go around yet. I was going to go yesterday after the first attack, but then the second one happened.” 
I started to walk past him and into the packhouse, though my wolf was more wanting to go in a different direction. I ignored him and continued forward.
“Most of the survivors are in the hospital. Including the Gamma from last night, She’s stable now and scheduled to be released tomorrow afternoon once everything is checked out. I think she should be the first you talk to.”
“Okay, yeah,” I said without looking at him. “I’ll talk to her tomorrow.”
P
###Take 584
Chapter 584
Judy’s POV
“You’ll be able to leave by tomorrow morning. Everything is looking good, Judy. However, did you know that you are pregnant?” Dr. Jasper asked. My heart stopped at his words; of course, I already knew that I was pregnant, but the reminder of it was gut–wrenching. I had known that I was pregnant, and because of that, I put my baby in danger. A baby, I wasn’t even sure I wanted until I almost lost it. (1)
I put my hand on my belly and closed my eyes; I tried to feel some kind of connection with the fetus, but I felt nothing yet. I wasn’t even showing. I knew most of the changes won’t happen until I’m 4 months pregnant. That’s when I’ll start to show, and that’s when my wolf would refuse to shift out of protection of her young pup. That’s also when the baby’s father, granted he was in the same area, would recognize the baby as his.
I trembled at the thought; I wouldn’t put my baby through that emotional heartbreak. I would never have this baby feeling unwanted by someone who is supposed to love them unconditionally. I wanted to cry, but I refused to do so in front of anyone I wasn’t comfortable with.
“Judy?” Dr. Jasper asked again, drawing my attention to the present moment. I blinked a few times, adjusting my eyes to him as he stood in front of me, clipboard in hand.
I passed out yesterday after I escaped the explosion in the forest, and I was brought to the pack hospital by some of the other gamma warriors. I wasn’t out for long because of my wolf’s natural healing abilities. But it was long enough to concern the doctors and kept me for overnight observation.
“Uh… yeah,” I told him; I knew there was no use in lying to him. The doctor who did the pregnancy test most likely kept a record of the results, and that was something Dr. Jasper would see if he looked further in my chart. “I know I’m pregnant.”
He frowned as he stared at me, cocking his head to the side.
“Does the Alpha know?”
I bit my lower lip, staring at the ground and refusing to meet his eyes. He would see the truth in the truth immediately if I looked at him.
“Of course he does,” I lied through my teeth.
I could feel myself melting under his scrutiny.
“Does he? Because that’s surprising. He would never let you go on post last night if he knew you were pregnant. That’s a huge liability and plus in about 2 months, you won’t be able to shift until you give birth, not to mention you’ll be showing. You won’t be beneficial for your 
team.” 
I nibbled on my lower lip until I could taste blood; I knew he was right. I had to tell Sampson the truth. I was stupid yesterday for going on post knowing that I was pregnant.
“I was reckless,” I admitted. “I’ll tell him everything. I just need a little time. I’m still trying to process this myself.” 
Dr. Jasper nodded, his eyes narrowed.
“Don’t wait too long. Now that it’s been brought to my attention, it’s not something I can keep from my Alpha,” he warned me. 
“I understand,” I said, my voice coming out more like a squeak.
He nodded and then took a step back to give me space.
“Get some rest and make sure you keep drinking water. I’ll come back to check on you later,” he told me as he started towards the door.
Without another word, he slipped through the door, shutting it behind him. I groaned as I rested my head on the pillow. How did things get so messy? I really should call home and check in with my parents, but I knew: if I did, then I would have to tell them the truth, and that was something I couldn’t face right now. There was a knot in my belly at the very thought.
I closed my eyes, trying to get some sleep, though I found myself restless and unable to actually drift off. After what felt like hours, there was a knock on the door. I opened my eyes to see Lacy walking into the room.
She had a worried expression on her face, but she smiled when she saw the 
“How are you feeling?” She asked, approaching the bed. 
“I’m okay,” I told her, “Better than I did last night.”
She nodded, a frown marring her lips a she assessed my face 
Chapter 665
###Take 585
Chapter 585
“You had me so scared, Judy,” Lucy said, sitting on the edge of the bed. “You shouldn’t have gone out to post last night. You know in your condition that you-”
“I know,” I said, interrupting her. “I’m going to tell Sampson… I just need some time. I won’t be stupid like that again, I promise. I had no idea something like that would happen. I don’t even understand what happened, really…”
“What happened was Cindy had a timed bomb on her body planted by the rogues,” Lucy said, shuddering. “Sampson thinks she was threatened into returning to the pack. Once the timer went off, the entire pack would have been destroyed and everyone in it.”
My eyes grew wide; I already knew she had a bomb on her, but to think that she was heading to the pack to destroy it… It left me feeling unsettled.
“You think she was threatened?” I asked.
She nodded.
“She wouldn’t have come back to the pack knowing she had a bomb on her otherwise. I know Cindy and her family mean everything to her,” Lucy said with a sad expression on her face. “Either she was threatened… or lied to.”
I shuddered at the thought, and then I remembered something.
“She wasn’t rushing back to the pack,” I told her. “I thought it was strange. Yes, I knew she was in pain, but I thought she would have pushed through it to get home as fast as she could, just in case the rogues changed their minds and went to get to capture her again. But she wasn’t rushing. She was walking slowly and taking frequent breaks. She looked hesitant to continue forward, like she wanted to run elsewhere, but then something kept her moving forward. When she saw the Gammas approaching, she looked panicked. That’s when I saw the bomb on her belly… it was small like a tick, but I remembered seeing pictures of that type of bomb while studying in school. It’s a smaller bomb, but big enough to destroy a pack. The second I noticed it, I tried to warn the Gammas to get back, but it was too late. The timer went off and so did the
bomb…”
Her face paled as I spoke, and she shuddered.
“She must have been stalling,” Lucy whispered. “That’s something Sampson should know about.”
I nodded.
“When I see him next, I’ll let him know,” I tell her.
“Okay, I’m sure he’ll be by within the next day or so. He’s been busy trying to recover the forest and searching for any bodies… not to mention they are still on the hunt for those responsible. They think it was an inside job, I’ve heard…”
“An inside job?” I asked, my stomach knotting.
She nodded. 
“The masking spray was used by the rogues, which was only meant for Gamma warriors. How did the rogues get it? Plus, with how high our security is, they shouldn’t have been able to cross our borders. Something weird is going on around here, and Sampson is determined to figure out what it is. He even enlisted outside help, which is surprising; it’s another Lycan wolf.”
My ears immediately perked up at her words, and my eyes grew large as I stared at him.
“Wait, what?” I asked. “Another Lycan wolf, other than Levi, is here?” 
She nodded.
“Yeah, it’s weird, right? I mean, Levi is supposedly away on leave for a bit, and this Lycan and his team are supposed to be really good at tracking. So, with Levi’s permission, they allowed them to come here. They just arrived this morning.”
My stomach knotted, I would know if Gavin was suddenly in this pack, wouldn’t I? 
There were other Lycans other than Gavin, so why would I automatically assure that it was Gavin who was here? 
Ibrahed the thought out of my head, it wouldn’t be Gavin. He’d never come to Levi’s territory, even if Levi never came here or was on leave. Levi was his enemy, what purpose would Gavin have for being here when he had his own territory to care for?
“I’m assuming that’s who I was supposed to escort?” I asked.
She nodded. 
“Yeah, but he arrived early, so Spencer took care of it,” she explained. “I only had a glimpse of him and oh my goddess, if I wasn’t already
3/2
mated…” She let her voice trail off.
I raised my brows at the blush on her cheeks.
“You found him attractive?”
“He was hot as sin,” she breathed. “Whoever his mate is… is one lucky lady.” 8
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
Comments
###Take 586
Chapter 586
Judy’s POV
The next day, I was discharged from the hospital. Instead of going straight to my condo, I went to the packhouse instead. I felt gross, and all I really wanted was a shower, but I wanted to talk to Alpha Sampson first. I wanted to know what was going on; I needed an update, and I needed him to update me as well. I wanted to know what the plan was for the future.
The packhouse wasn’t nearly as busy as it was the other day after the first attack. I knew that meant most of the gammas were out doing a job, and the others in the pack were just trying to keep themselves safe.
I started to make my way across the packhouse when I heard my name.
I turned to see Spencer rushing towards me, a relieved look on his face. Before I could comprehend anything, he had me in his arms and spun me around, making me laugh.
“Hey you,” I teased, keeping my hold on him so I wouldn’t fall.
“I’m so glad you’re okay. I’m sorry I didn’t come to see you, but things have been crazy here, and when I heard you were going to be okay, I didn’t stress it too much. I knew you were strong but holy shit… You survived a bomb! You seriously are a badass. Anyone who had any lingering doubts about you before certainly doesn’t have them now.”
I blushed at the compliment when he put me back on the ground.
“Really?” I asked. “Is everyone talking about it?”
“Not one person isn’t,” he told me “Also, I picked up your slack while you were out of commission and escorted our guests to the packhouse. We arrived a few hours ago. They are getting settled in their room now. Later, you should meet them. They are intense, though, I should warn
I nodded
I’m sure I can handle it,” I told him. “I’ve dealt with intense people before. I’m actually only here to see Sampson for right now. I’m dying to get huse and to the shower
“w’s in his office. He’s been up all nigh‘ dealing with the aftermath of everything. Janet is a mess after finding out it was her daughter who exploded in the invest. She has left Sampson one. Poor lady lost both her husband and daughter this week.” 
A studder the cloughst 
the quee
case ‘ll want to talk to you” 
gate a day, baby you ad a 
dry and the d
y
interested in getting to know him like that, but he’s relentless.
+25 Bonus
“Beta,” I greeted, trying to keep things professional. Considering he was the Beta and someone of high ranking, the rule was that I had to acknowledge him
His eyes twinkled with mischief, and his lips turned up into an almost sly smile.
“Jady,” he replied in his own greeting. “Good to see you out and about.”
“Not even an explosion can stop me,” I say back, turning my attention back to Sampson. “I heard a bit from Lucy already, but I’d like to hear it from you Was Cindy really heading to the pack to destroy it?”
Sampson swallowed, and I could tell from the way he was looking at me that what I said was true. I let out a breath, my shoulders slumping.
D
Comments
?
Support
###Take 587
Chapter 587
“We think they had something over her… something that made her comply,” Sampson told me. “We don’t think she did it of her own free will.”
I shake my head.
“No, she didn’t. When I saw her, she was struggling to move forward. She was taking her time… she wasn’t rushing away from the border. She was taking frequent breaks and looking like moving forward pained her more than her actual injuries. I think she was stalling. I don’t think she wanted to continue.”
Sampson raised his brows before turning to Aiden.
“Look more into that. Find out what they might have had on her,” he told him.
Aiden stood to his feet; he was tall, and I felt intimidated standing beside him.
“Sure thing,” he replied. “I’ll see if our guest Beta will help. Maybe we can use some of the resources. It’s what they are here for, isn’t it?”
There was a bit of annoyance to his words, making me raise my brows. 
Sampson noticed it too and rolled his eyes. 
“Be nice to our guests, they could kill you without hesitation,” Sampson warned him. “And they don’t even need an excuse.”
Aid 
rolled his eyes before his gaze flickered to me.
“And I’ll be seeing you later, Miss Judy,” he murmured before brushing past me and leaving the office. 2
Sampson looked amused.
“You know it’ll stop if you just go out with him,” Sampson told me. 1
I rolled my eyes and took a seat in front of his desk.
“I know he’s your best friend, but seriously? He’s a slime ball,” I told him.
Sampson barked out a laugh and nodded.
“Yes, he is… but he’s good at his job. He’s a hit–and–quit kind of guy. Once he has you, he won’t want you anymore. You could just fake it,” Sampson told me, not for the first time. 
I shook my head.
“I’m not faking anything… I’m not going out with him. End of story,” I told him.
*Suit yourself,” he chuckled. “I won’t force you. I’m just telling you… If you want him to leave you alone and avoid you like the plague, that’s the only way you’ll do it.”
He had a point; if I went out with him and even slept with him, the chances of me ever seeing him again after that were slim. He’ll avoid me like carrying some kind of disease. The thought made me laugh, and Sampson joined me, though the laughter soon died down and a serious expression crossed his face. 
“So how are you, seriously?” He asked. “What did Dr. Jasper say?”
“He said I just need to rest, but I’ll be fine,” I tell him, only telling him a bit of the truth. I wasn’t ready to share the news about my pregnancy yet, and even though I knew I needed to tell Sampson… the words wouldn’t leave my lips.
Sampson nodded.
“You had everyone worried,” he told me. “I’m sorry I didn’t get a chance to see you. But after I found out you were going to be okay, there was just so much damage that needed to be taken care of ” 
I shook my head and held up my hand.
“It’s okay. I understand there were more pressing matters,” I assured him. “I don’t blame you. I’m just glad it wasn’t worse. If she actually made it to the pack grounds, we wouldn’t be having this conversation, ”
He nodded solemnly. 
“There’s still so much to do. I still haven’t been able to see Janet yet.”
Chapter 587
+25 Bonus
“Let me go,” I told him. “I’ll visit with her and make sure she’s being taken care of.”
“Shouldn’t you be resting?” He asked, raising his brows.
I shrugged.
“It’s not like I’m doing anything big or dangerous,” I tell him. “I’ll just swing by her home and see how she’s doing.”
Sampson sighed, but he didn’t argue.
“Thank you. That would be a huge help,” he told me. “And here.”
He pulls an envelope out of his desk drawer and hands it to me. It had Janet’s name on it.
“What’s this?”
“A letter from her husband… he wanted her to have it if anything ever happened,” he replied. “Along with money that will set her up for life.”
Janet’s husband was the Delta of the pack, and his line of work was dangerous, so I could see why he wanted his wife to be taken care of if anything were to ever happen to him. A lump formed in my throat; I was getting emotional, and I needed to calm myself down.
They damn hormones were starting to get to me.
“I’ll make sure she gets this,” I told him.
He nodded.
Just as I turned to leave, he stopped me again by saying my name; I paused and turned to look at him.
“I’ll be having a meeting tomorrow to introduce our guests. It’ll be in the afternoon, I expect you to be there.”
I nodded. 
“Yes, Alpha.” 
Then, I turned to leave. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
D
###Take 588
Chapter 588
Judy’s POV
Janet’s house wasn’t far from the packhouse. It was about 15 minutes on foot. I walked. The walk gave me a bit of clarity; the fresh air was nice. Though it was hard to see some of the damage from the rogues, and even the charred buildings and trees from the explosion.
I shuddered when I passed the part of the forest that was completely destroyed by the explosion. Tears pricked my eyes at the memory, and I had to quickly blink them away. Weakness was not something I was about to show my new packmates, especially when I’m supposed to be a strong Gamma warrior.
I said hello to some of the packmates who were cleaning up their own yards from the damage and debris. They greeted me right back as I continued on.
Janet’s house had the most damage from what I could see. She had trees that were tipped over, ripping through what used to be green and plush grass, but now looked burned to a crisp and torn out of the ground. The windows were boarded from being broken, and the door was practically hanging off its hinges. If I hadn’t known any better, I would say nobody had lived in this house for years.
There was a car in the driveway that I knew didn’t belong to Janet. I walked up to the door and knocked. I waited for a few minutes before the door opened. I stood in front of a blotchy–faced, red–rimmed eye, Stacy, Janet’s sister, who lives a few packs away.
“Oh, hey, Stacy. I came to check on Janet,” I told her.
Stacy wiped her eyes and gave me a small, yet sad, smile.
“Hi, Judy,” she said softly. “You can come in. It’s nice of you to stop by. Heard you were caught in the explosion. I’m surprised you’re walking around.”
“As soon as ! was healed, I was up and walking,” I told her, stepping into the dark home. “Can’t keep me down for long.”
“I’m glad you chose to be the Elite Gamma for this pack,” Stacy said with a small smile. “You are a good one, Judy Montague.”
She guided me through the small home; it looked ransacked, and I realized nobody had bothered to clean up since the rogues made their attack the other night. They destroyed the place, and I could tell there was a struggle before the Delta was killed.
Janet was seated in her living room; her hands were trembling as she stared at the ground, tears soaking her cheeks, and her lip was trembling. It looked as if she hadn’t showered in days; she wore the same clothing she wore when I saw her the day before the attack, and my heart broke.
“Janet, you have a visitor.”
Stacy spoke to her like a child, and it hurt even more. Stacy sat beside her on the couch, picking up a broken picture frame that had fallen on the ground, her shoulders slumping
“Hey, Janet,” I said, sitting down in the chair near the couch. I wasn’t sure what to say, I had the letter gripped in my hands, and I wasn’t sure it now was a good time to present it to her. She looked utterly broken, and I couldn’t blame her. She just found out her daughter was in the forest the day after her husband was killed, after rogues broke into her home, a home she worked so hard to maintain. A few days ago, this house was the best in the pack. Janet took pride in both her home and her store, and it showed. But now it was the worst, and I could only imagine what the store looked like without Janet there to maintain it.
“She hasn’t spoken since Beta Aiden’s visit yesterday,” Stacy muttered, rolling her eyes. “How he became a Beta is beyond me. That man is an aitiole.” 
I nodded in agreement.
“He’s Alpha Sampson’s best friend,” I told her. “That’s how he became a beta.“
She just rolled her eyes.
“He came here to pretty mach interrogate her over the Cindy situation. That was how Janet found out it was Cindy who brought the bomb to the forest and that it was Cindy who exploded along with some of the other gammas.” 
“He interrogated her” I asked, astonished by Aiden’s audacity. “Interrogated her about what exactly?” 
*ite was accusing her of working with Cindy to destroy this pack,” she said, shaking her head with hier lips pressed in a thin line. “He was completely out of base ”
“I’ll speak with him,” I said, shaking my head “What he did was wrong. I’ll make sure Sampson knows this, too” 
Chytr 588
Comments
Support
Share
###Take 589
Chapter 589
“Make sure Sampson knows what?” Lucy asked as she walked into the room. “Sorry… the door was unlocked, so I figured I’d just come in. Plus, Sampson told me that Judy was here already.”
“Did you know that Beta Aiden came here and interrogated Janet?” I asked her, my eyes narrowed. “And that was how she found out about her only daughter?”
Lucy’s eyes widened.
“What the actual fuck?” She asked, stepping further into the room.
“He pretty much manhandled her,” Stacy muttered, folding her arms across her chest. “Had her pressed against the wall and everything. I walked in on it and made him let her go. She was sobbing. I couldn’t get her to speak again after he left. He broke her…”
“I won’t let him get away with that shit,” Lucy spat. “God, I always hated that jerk.”
“You, me, and both, and I’ve only been here a couple of weeks,” I muttered. 1
“I came here to tell Janet that we are having a memorial for both her husband and daughter in a couple of days. We’ll have a memorial for the others over the weekend, but we wanted to do something special for the Delta,” Lucy said, addressing Janet, who was still seated on the couch, with more tears falling down her cheeks. “Janet, you are not alone. This entire pack is rallying behind you. We are your family. You can lean on us. More packmates will be arriving later with some homemade dishes for you. You need to eat and keep up your strength,” 
My heart hurt so much for Janet; she was so pretty and she was young, at least 32 years old. She was too young to be going through what she was going through.
“I’ll make sure she’s there, Luna Lucy,” Stacy said thoughtfully. “That’s very kind of you. Thank you.”
Lucy nodded before turning to me.
“Let me drive you home so you don’t gotta walk. You should be resting,” Lucy said, raising her brows. “You were just discharged.”
She and the doctor were the only ones who knew that I was pregnant, and I knew the look in her eyes was indicating that I should be resting for this baby.
I swallowed the lump in my throat, my eyes remaining on hers in a silent argument, one I was losing.
“Okay,” I finally relented as I stood. Then, I remembered the letter in my hands. I turned to Stacy. “Walk us out?”
Stacy nodded and turned to Janet, telling her she’ll be right back.
Soon, we were walking out of the house. I turned to Stacy and handed her the letter.
“Sampson wanted me to give this to her,” I told Stacy. “It didn’t seem like a good time, though. But I figured you could give it to her once she’s ready.”
“What is it?” She asked, eyeing the envelope with a frown. 
“A letter from her husband, along with money… I’m assuming all his assets,” I told her. “Ile set it aside in case anything happened to him.” She swallowed, tears filling her eyes again as she nodded.
“You were right not to give it to her right now. I don’t know if she can handle it. But hopefully soon she can. My husband and kids will be arriving here tomorrow morning, so I’m glad there will be a memorial for the Delta.”
I nodded. 
“Thank you for being here with her,” I said softly “You’re a good sister.” 
“Fardly has got to stick together. If you can’t depend on them, who can you depend on?”
Her words struck a chord in my chest; she was right. If i couldn’t depend on family, then who could I depend on? It made me feel bad that I hadn’t called home since landing in Redcliff I missed my mom and dad… I missed my friends. I knew the reason I didn’t call them was because I couldn’t handle hearing about Gavin and his happy, engaged life. but was that really an excuse to shut them out? It’s not like they did anything to deserve being ghosted.
We said our final goodbyes, and I slid into the backseat of a car. One of the Gammas was driving, I wasn’t surprised. There was no way Sampson would let Lacy drive here herself. 
“Take us to Judy’s house,” Lucy told him.
+25 Bonus
He nodded and pulled away from the house. Typically, I would sit in the front seat with my fellow Gamma, but at this moment, I wasn’t there as a Gamma; I was there as Lucy’s friend.
I made a choice as we headed towards my house; the second I got home, I was going to call my parents. 18
Comments
###Take 590
Chapter 590
Judy’s POV
When I got home, my heart was racing. For the first time in 2 weeks, I turned my phone on. I sat on my bed as I watched the screen light up, showing the provider logo as my phone rebooted. Up until this point, I had my phone shoved on the nightstand beside the bed. Now, holding it in my hands, it felt foreign, like I wasn’t sure how to work it anymore. 1
My phone finally turned on, and I used my finger to unlock it, bringing up my home screen. My heart thudded wildly against my chest as all the apps appeared on the screen. Suddenly, the screen was going insane with all the missed notifications from the past couple of weeks. I only got a glimpse of the names that flashed across the screen; there were several messages, both voice mail and text messages, from each of my friends. I think Irene called me more times than anyone, though, and that thought made my stomach twist. I wondered what she could be calling me about.
There were also a few missed calls from Gavin, and my heart shattered all over again seeing his name on my phone. I hated that he had this effect on me even after I’d been away for 2 weeks.
I didn’t open any of the messages or listen to the voicemails. I wasn’t sure if I was strong enough for that yet. My stomach was twisting with nerves, and I hated this feeling. I wanted to just get over him and move on with my life because clearly, he has moved on with his. He was probably just calling me to tell me that he was getting married to Rachel. Or maybe he wanted to yell at me for abandoning Matt. That was something I truly felt bad about; I told Irene and Nan to tell Matt that I’m sorry and that I’ll see him when I can, not that I knew when that would be. Now that i had graduated from college, I was no longer contracted to be his tutor. 3
Plus, he only had a few more months before summer. He was doing a lot better since I started tutoring him and training with him; he’s even stronger now that he has a wolf. He’ll be fine these next couple of months; also, he has Alex to help him… not to mention Rachel. He doesn’t need me anymore; I just felt bad that I didn’t say goodbye to him. (2)
I swallowed the lump in my throat and clicked on my contacts. I scrolled through until my mom’s name appeared. A small yet sad smile tipped the comer of my lips. There were a few text messages from her as well, and I felt bad for not being able to call her in the last couple of weeks. I did call her when I landed and told her that I was turning off my phone and that I’m sorry. She understood; she didn’t say it, but I think she knew what this was all about.
Moms always have a way of knowing these things, and I love her for that.
I clicked on her name and brought the phone to my ear; I glanced at the clock, knowing there’s a time difference. It was nearing late evening here, which meant it was early morning in Redmoon. My mom was always an early riser, so I knew she’d be in the kitchen right about now, brewing a pot of coffee and getting my father’s newspaper ready so he could start his day right before he headed to his company. 
“Judy?” I heard my mother’s soft and concerned voice on the other end of the line.
“Hey, Mom,” I said, my tone matching hers. 
“Oh, my goddess!” My mother cooed. “It really is you! Oh, sweetheart, I’ve been so worried. Is everything okay? How’s Redcliff? Are they treating you okay? Do you like your job?” 
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Woah, Mom. Slow down,” I chuckled. “I’m sorry I haven’t been able to call until now. Things had been pretty crazy here. But yeah, they are treating me well. It’s nice bere…. I think you and Dad would like it. When things settle, maybe you guys can visit?” 
I held my breath, waiting for her response. I hated to admit it, but I could use my parents. I needed their comfort and love more than anything right now.
“We would love that, sweetie,” my mom said softly. “Are you adjusting well?” 
“Yeah,” I tell her, my voice falling flat for a moment as I get lost in thought. I stared down at my still flat belly, a heaviness in my chest. I couldn’t tell her that I was pregnant, at least not like this. She would ask me questions that I wasn’t ready to answer yet; saying the words out load made them feel real, and it would force me to have to deal with it. I couldn’t deal with it… no, yet, at least. I’d rather stay in my little bubble of denial for as long as possible.
D 
Comments
Support
###Take 591
Share
Chapter 591
“Judy?” My mother asked softly. “Are you okay?”
I realized I had been quiet for too long, and I cleared my throat,
+25 Bonus
“Yeah, Mom. I’m okay. I just miss you…” It was the truth, tears threatened my eyes. All I wanted was to hug my mom; I missed her like crazy, I missed the familiarity of home. But I couldn’t go home… not yet… maybe not ever, “How’s…” My voice trailed off as Gavin’s name was the first on my tongue, I wanted to ask her if she had heard anything about him or about his upcoming wedding, but I couldn’t force the words out of my lips. “How’s everyone? Nan… Dad…” 
“They miss you,” my mom said, sighing, “Nan is okay. I told her that you were spending time getting used to your new pack and job, so you have your phone off. She’s been worried about you and wants to talk to you. You should give her a call.”
I thought about it, but I didn’t because I knew she’d only talk about Gavn. Being mated to Chester and practically living in Gavin’s mansion with Irene, she has a front row seal to everything, I knew if I wanted information, Nan would provide it.
“Yeah,” I said softly. “Maybe I will.”
“They are talking to Alpha Landry about adopting Emalyn,” my mother told me, “She’s been wanting to tell you that Chester proposed to her a few days ago, and she said yes,”
1 gasped.
“What?! Nan and Chester are getting married” I asked, my eyes wide. Now that was shocking news. So much had changed in only a couple of days.
My mother chuckled.
“Yes,” she replied, “She’s happy, but also sad because she doesn’t have her best friend here by her side.”
Guilt nagged at my insides, and I nibbled on my lower lip, trying hard to keep my voice under control and not crack with emotions
“I’ll reach out,” I tell her, though I’m not sure when I’ll reach out. I’m not sure what I was so afraid of, but something Inside of me stopped me from making that phone call.
There was a lull in the conversation; I wasn’t sure what more to say, even though I wasn’t ready for this conversation to end. My heart ached, and I needed my mom more than anything right now So, why couldn’t I talk to her?
Judy?” My mom said, her tone soft with compassion and lingering worry,
“Yeah?” I asked her, my tone rough as I fought the urge to cry,
“Are you happy?”
Her question startled me; I wasn’t expecting it. There was a lump in my throat that no matter how hard I swallowed, wouldn’t go
away.
“Yeah” I said softly, even though the word felt like a lie on my lips. Tears filled my eyes before I could stop them. In that moment, I was glad that my mother couldn’t see me. It would only worry her, and that wasn’t something I needed or wanted. ” I’m happy.” I finished the sentence after a small pause, glad that my voice didn’t break as I spoke.
There was silence on the other end, and I wondered for a moment if my mother believed me.
“I’ve only ever wanted you to be happy, Judy,” she replied softly. “That’s all that’s important. As long as you’re happy… I’m happy.”
Tears fell down my cheeks, and I had to close my eyes, soaking in her words, 1 let out a shuddering breath, praying she didn’t bear I
“I know,” I whispered, afraid that if I spoke any louder, she’d hear the break in my voice. “I love you, Mont”
“I love you, too, Judy. We all love you,” she said softly. “Your tather and I and your friends, Call them.”
“I will,” I promised.
Chapter 5
“I’ll let you go now… I’m sure you’re busy. But call again soon, okay?” 1
+25 Bonus
“Okay,” I told her.
After we said our final goodbyes, the line went dead. I stayed frozen on my bed with my phone pressed to my cheek, tears still falling out of my eyes, and my lip trembling.
I’ve only ever wanted you to be happy, Judy…”
Those words echoed in my mind, breaking my heart all over again because the truth of the matter was… I wasn’t happy. And I wasn’t sure if I ever would be again.
13
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
###Take 592
Chapter 592
Gavin’s POV
As the morning light made its way through the closed curtains, shining a hazy hue throughout the guest room, my eyes groggily adjusted. I barely slept a wink last night; my wolf had been restless for most of the night, but on top of that, sleeping in someone else’s territory was never easy for me.
I sat up in bed, glancing at the window before I slid out of bed and padded my way to the curtains. I had a nice view of the park from my window. It was a large pack and it stretched on for miles. He houses were fairly modern and separated into different neighborhoods, grouped in sections. A majority of the homes had some damage from the recent rogue rampage when they broke in, though the rogues didn’t reach the further region of the pack, thankfully for them.
I could see the tree line that led into the forest, a large section was completely obliterated, along with a small section of the pack, from the explosion the other day. It sucked that this was happening to them; despite this being Levi’s territory, this pack wasn’t bad. I hated to admit it, but I kind of liked Alpha Levi.
I wasn’t a fan of his Beta, Aiden, though. It was also evident that he and Taylor didn’t get along. They seemed to have known each other from before, which I’m not sure how they know one another when I haven’t met him before yesterday. I wanted to ask Taylor about it, but he didn’t seem like he wanted to talk about it, so I made a mental note to ask him about it later. The rest of my chosen Gammas had arrived late last night and were settled in the Gamma house, getting ready for a day of hunting and patrolling. They were pretty much occupying the forests and the border during our time here. They were using all the resources we could muster to find the ones responsible for the attacks on the Redcliff pack.
Our suspicion was that it’s an inside job, and we needed to find a proper motive. Taylor was going to spend some time going through the security footage, while I spent the day with Sampson, helping him get a handle on things. Taylor’s flight back to our pack was late tonight. I needed him back home to keep an eye on things and my business. I was also having him bring back a sampling of that masking spray that Spencer had given me last night. He had me put it on to shield my scent; I thought it was strange that I couldn’t smell any of the gammas in the pack, and even some of the packmates. But when Spencer explained that they mask their secrets for protection, my curiosity was piqued. This masking spray was something that wasn’t developed outside of this pack. It wasn’t something that I had heard of until yesterday, and I was curious about it.
If it was legit, it was something I wanted for my own pack as well. So, Taylor is bringing someone home with him so our researchers can study it and duplicate it if deemed safe. 
i knew one thing for sure: today was going to be a long day.
I sighed and went into the attached bathroom, bringing my clothes for the day with me. I settled on a button–up shirt and a pair of jeans. I put my clothes on the bathroom counter and stared at myself in the mirror; I looked like a mess. 
looked away, unable to deal with the dark bags under my eyes and the worn–out look in my eyes. Truth be told, that look hadn’t left my eyes in weeks. Not since I was with Judy… not since I had her in my arms.
I ignored the pathetic whimpering of my wolf as I turned on the shower, stripped off my pajama pants and boxers, and stepped into the hot water. I let the water soak my body for a while before I lathered it with soap. After I washed and rinsed my hair, I stepped out of the shower, grabbed a towel, and wrapped it around my waist.
1 brushed my teeth, did my hair, and then I put my clothes on before leaving the bathroom.
As I left the room and headed downstairs to the main section of the packhouse, my wolf’s tension returned. I wasn’t sure what was wrong with him, and what about this pack was driving him almost crazy.
Sampson was in his office when I arrived, and as soon as he saw me, he quickly stood to his feet.
“Alpha Landry,” he greeted. “Good morning I hope you slept well. Did you happen to get yourself some breakfast in the dining hall?”
###Take 593
Chapter 593
+25 Bonus
I shook my head, not feeling very hungry right now. Not with the tension my wolf was suddenly carrying.
“I’ll grab some food later,” I told him. “Do you have any leads?” I wanted to talk business; the reason I was there in the first place. I wanted to cut out the small talk.
“No,” Sampson said, lowering himself back into his seat. “But we have a pack meeting later this afternoon. Everybody will be there. I’m also planning on having a ceremony for the Delta who passed away tomorrow.” 
“I’ll be there as well,” I said, sitting down in one of the chairs. “Does my Beta have permission to go through your security footage?”
“Yes, of course. Whatever he needs,” Sampson said, “I really appreciate your help.”
I nodded, staring around his office, It was simple, with modern decorations. There was a picture of a gorgeous blonde on his desk, and I only assumed that was his mate, Lucy. I hadn’t met her yet, but I’ve heard that there was a Luna who was running around here somewhere, busy with packmate problems,
“So, how long have these rogue problems been happening?” I asked, trying to distract my mind.
“Only this past week,” he replied, “We’ve never had any issues before. It came out of nowhere. As far as I know, we are the only pack in the area with these issues. It almost seems like they are looking for something, or someone.” (3
“Do you have any suspicions of what that could be?” I asked. “What changed this past week that could cause them to target your pack?”
Sampson shook his head, running his fingers through his hair; I could see the tiredness and frustration on his face. It was clear that he hadn’t been sleeping either.
“Nothing comes to mind,” he muttered. “At least not this week. I mean, last week we got a new Gamma warrior, but she’s been Preat…”
My ears perked immediately, and my wolf was on edge, listening intently. A new Gamma warrior, a female one? 2
“A new gamma?” I asked.
He looked at me and was about to say something, but then the door opened, and Aiden walked in.
“Sampson, you’re needed in the conference center before the meeting,” he said, interrupting the conversation. He paused when he saw me seated. “Sorry for the interruption, Alphas,” he added to us both.
“It’s not a problem,” Sampson said before I could utter a single word. “I’ll head there now.” He then glanced at me. “I’ll see you at the meeting”
I nodded, I wanted to ask more questions, but I chose not to. I just watched him go, a furrow to my brows. t
For the rest of the morning, I helped Taylor get into the security system, and then I got my Gammas set up around the pack. I wasn’t able to get around the whole pack, but I was able to meet a few of the packmates who looked a bit star–struck to see me. I realized they weren’t used to being around a powerful Lycan chairmen; it’s not like Levi ever came around these parts. The thought irritated me, I mean, they were Levi’s wolves… he should be here at least once a month to make sure they have everything needed and to make sure their Alpha is taking care of them. But Levi completely neglected the packs that were out of his way, which is the only reason I’m allowed here.
“You must be Alpha Landry,” a female voice said as I approached the packhouse to check on Taylor’s progress.
I stopped to see a small blonde with brightly dazzling clothing standing nearby. She had a curious gaze in her eyes, and her lips were tipped into a small simile. I recognized her from the picture in Sampson’s office.
“Lama Lucy, I presume?” I asked.
She nodded.
“It’s good to finally meet you. Sorry it’s taken me so long. I’ve been busy. I’m sure you can understand,” she told me. “Things have been difficult here; I needed to make sure everyone who faced loss knew that they weren’t alone.”
I nodded, understanding
+25 Bonus
“They are lucky to have you, Luna,” I told her, and I genuinely meant that.
“Please, call me Lucy,” she said. “My mate spoke proudly about you. I think he’s starstruck.”
I wasn’t sure what to say about that, but before I could say anything, my wolf nearly surged forward. I pulled him back before it was made noticeable; what the fuck was that about
4
If Lucy noticed, she didn’t say anything; her attention was drawn elsewhere.
“Oh, there you are!” She said happily. “I was just introducing myself to Alpha Landry. Come over here!” 10
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
P
Comments
? 
Support
Share
GET IT
###Take 594
Chapter 594
Judy’s POV
Today was going to be a long day. I already knew it from the moment I woke up to the moment I did my rounds around the pack. I hadn’t told Sampson or anyone about my pregnancy yet, and the thought filled my chest with dread. I knew the second I did he would strip me of my gamma title and maybe even make me return to my home… back to him. But I couldn’t go back to him, no matter how hard I wanted to. I hated that I wanted to… I hated that I missed him. But he made his choice, and it wasn’t me. He was expecting a child and marrying another woman; I needed to keep my distance and pretend to be happy for him, because that was what Gavin wanted.
2 
Sampson mentioned having a meeting this after and I needed to attend, and I wasn’t looking forward to this. Honestly, I didn’t want to be around a lot of people. I wanted to be by myself and just wallow in self–misery, but until I told Sampson the truth, that wasn’t an option. I was still very much an Elite Gamma warrior, and I needed to be on my A game. I couldn’t show any signs of weakness… I had to pretend I wasn’t carrying a baby in my belly. 1
I stared at myself in the mirror, frowning at my flat belly. In a couple of months, I would start to show, and I wouldn’t be able to hide it any longer. I also couldn’t keep putting this baby in danger… I had to tell Sampson. But maybe it could wait a little bit longer? Maybe I could wallow in this denial period for a bit… at least until I’m ready to spill my secret. Or until Lucy spills it for me. Sighing, I finished getting dressed.
I spent most of the morning patrolling around the pack neighborhoods, trying to help people clean the debris and rubble out of their yards. I wanted to do something productive while keeping myself safe as well. Sampson wanted me to take it easy for the day after being caught in the explosion, but I didn’t want to feel useless.
“There you are, Judy,” one of the packmates said as I emerged from the pack’s dumpster area. I had dirt all over my clothing and sweat dripping down my cheeks after a morning of cleaning and lifting heavy items. “The Luna had been looking for you. The meeting in the yard is starting soon, and she wants you to accompany her.”
I nodded.
“Thanks,” I said to her as I started to walk by. “You’ll be there too, right? I think it’s a mandatory pack meeting.”
She nodded.
“Yes, I’ll be there. I just need to get my kids, and we’ll be there shortly,” she told me.
“See you later then,” I tell her as I continue on my way. 
It didn’t take long to reach the packhouse; the meeting was being held in the courtyard out back. It was big enough to hold the entire pack and then some. There was a stage area where the Alpha typically stood to speak with the pack during meetings.
Outside the packhouse was busy with a flurry of packmates nervously preparing for the meeting. Tensions were high after the recent attacks, and my wolf was getting caught up in the anxiety. Something about her behavior today had been off; she’s been anxious, like she’s waiting for something to happen. Typically, I would trust her instincts, but since finding out I was pregnant, I wasn’t sure if her behavior was for real cause or because she was about to be a mom.
As I walked, my eyes scanned the area until I spotted the familiar Lucy standing nearby. She was talking to somebody, her body language showing that she was nervous as she tucked a long strand of blond hair behind her ear. Was she blushing?
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
D
###Take 595
Chapter 595
I wanted to laugh; she can be such a flirt sometimes.
As I stepped forward, my wolf surged. I had to internally retrain her, pushing her back.
That was strange, I thought to myself.
“Oh, there you are!” Lucy said happily, finally noticing me. “I was just introducing myself to Alpha Landry. Come over here!”
My entire body froze at her words. My eyes flickered to the man she was speaking to, and everything around me faded away.
Gavin stood in front of her, his eyes showing shock as he stared at me. His mouth opened slightly like he was about to say something, but then he closed it. My face was heated, and my heart was pounding against my chest. 1
His hair was messy in a way that I could tell he’s been running his fingers through it; he wore a pair of dark jeans that made his ass look amazing and a button–down dress shirt which he had the sleeves rolled up halfway on his forearms, making his muscles pop.
How was it possible that he looked even better than he had a few weeks ago?
Besides how incredibly delicious he looked, he also looked exhausted. The light in his eyes that was once there was completely gone; he had dark circles beneath his eyes, revealing his sleepless nights. 1
I couldn’t help but wonder if I was the reason for those sleepless nights… but then I brushed that thought away. Of course I wasn’t. He was marrying another woman and having her baby. There was no way he was awake at night thinking about me…
The thought made me feel sick to my stomach. )
“Judy, come here,” Lucy said, rushing towards me and looping her arm through mine. She pulled me closer to Gavin, my heart pounding so heavily in my chest, I was surprised she couldn’t hear it. “Have you met Alpha Landry? He’s the most powerful Chairman in the world. Even more powerful than Alpha Levi.”
I wasn’t sure what to say; my mouth wouldn’t work.
Gavin seemed to have noticed the look in my eyes, almost like I was pleading with him not to say anything.
He nodded.
“It’s good to meet you, Judy,” he said… speaking my name like a silent prayer, a song for only my ears.
“Judy is our newest Gamma. She just got here a couple of weeks ago, and she’s already made such an impact.”
“You’re the one who won the competition, are you not?” He asked, acting as if he had never met me.
It was probably better that way; I didn’t want Lucy to know about my past with Gavin. I worked hard to keep her from finding out anything about where I came from or about who I had been with. I could only imagine what she’d say if she found out that the baby I was carrying was Gavin’s.
“Yes,” I said, pleased that my voice didn’t betray me.
“You did well. This pack is lucky to have you join their team.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat; though his words sounded genuine, I could hear the hint of hostility in his tone. His eyes never left mine, and they said all that was needed to be said.
+25 Bonus
I had left. And I didn’t bother to say goodbye to him… or Matthew.
“We are very lucky indeed,” Lucy said with a smile, resting her head on my shoulder. “Come on, Judy. Let’s get to the meeting. Alpha Landry, it was very good to meet you.”
He nodded at her, but he didn’t walk away, and his eyes remained on me. I wanted to ask him what he was doing here; had he known I was here? Was he looking at me? I hoped he didn’t notice me glancing at his hand as we walked past him… he wasn’t wearing a ring, which meant he wasn’t married. Or maybe he wasn’t the type to wear a wedding ring.
###Take 596
Chapter 596
I mean, it’s only been a couple of weeks, so maybe they hadn’t tied the knot yet.
I wanted to vomit.
I couldn’t believe Gavin was actually here… in Redcliff.
I reached the yard where everyone was gathering, my heart in my throat. I joined the rest of my team, Marlo was standing in front, and when he saw me, he gave me a short nod. I nodded back as I stood beside Spencer.
“You okay?” He asked, his eyes narrowed as he studied my face. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
I wasn’t sure how to respond to that; my entire body was on fire, and I thought I was going to pass out. Without even looking up, I knew Gavin was nearby. My wolf was all focused on him… I couldn’t smell him, which meant he was wearing the masking spray, as were most in this pack.
My eyes flickered around until I spotted him up front, speaking with Alpha Sampson. Gavin’s eyes traveled to me briefly before readjusting his attention to Sampson. My face was burning as our eyes met for that short
moment.
Sampson stood on stage, clearing his throat and gaining the attention of literally everybody. Lucy stood beside him as the Luna, her eyes finding mine, and she winked. I smiled at her in return.
Sampson started the meeting by explaining the recent situations with the attacks and how he wants everyone to remain safe and to report to him if they notice any suspicious activities. He explains how each and every packmate will be spoken to personally; he didn’t say that they suspect that someone is helping the rogues, but he didn’t have to say it. From the way he was speaking and his body language, it was obvious.
He then went on to introduce Gavin Landry and Beta Taylor, whom I was now just noticing. I also recognized some of the gamma warriors who were mingled with the Redcliff Gammas. They were part of Gavin’s pack despite them being mixed in with us.
Gavin gave a small speech about his goals and why he chose to help us. Something about wanting to stop the threat before it becomes a problem for his territory. I was only half paying attention; I was too busy trying to keep myself from passing out. I couldn’t believe he was here…
Finally, Sampson announced that we are going on patrol and he’s taking teams out to patrol beyond our borders. Anytime we have to go beyond our borders, it means we’ve entered rogue territory, which is dangerous, especially now that we are being targeted.
“The first team that is going on this evening will be Marlo’s team,” Sampson said, glancing at Marlo.
My eyes grew wide, and I locked onto the eyes of a startled Lucy. Before I could stop her, she was already whispering something quickly to Sampson, whose face twisted from curious to utter shock.
“What?” He asked. “How do you know this?”
My heart was pounding in my chest as she whispered something else to him.
He turned to Adien, who stood near Taylor.
“Get me Dr. Jasper, immediately,” he said through his teeth.
Aiden nodded and went to find Dr. Jasper in the crowd. I was standing, shocked, by what was happening. Lucy was now refusing to meet my eyes; her eyes downcast, and I knew…. I knew what she had done.
“Judy Montague,” Sampson said, his eyes narrowed as he glared at me. “Get to my office immediately.”
###Take 597
Chapter 597
Gavin’s POV
I was trying to pay attention to what Sampson was trying to tell me, but my eyes wouldn’t stop flickering to Judy, who was standing beside that other Gamma, Spencer. They were talking closely and the way he kept gravitating towards her was seriously pissing me off. I didn’t have an issue with him before, but now that I knew they were friends… or whatever they are… I seriously couldn’t stand him. I had to fight to keep my wolf under control. He had a strange claim on Judy that I couldn’t explain, but there was one thing I knew for sure: Judy was mine, and no amount of time and distance was going to change that. 4
I just had to get her alone and talk to her; I needed to find out why she left and why she was pledging her allegiance to another Lycan… Levi of all Lycans. My enemy.
I barely even noticed when Sampson announced my name, introducing me to the pack. Taylor had to nudge me to get my attention; I hadn’t told him that Judy was in this pack, so the confused look he was giving me was justified. I cleared my throat and stepped towards the podium, nodding at Sampson, who stepped back.
I turned to the pack, all eyes were fixed on me, including hers. For a moment, I held her eye contact, keeping her captive in my gaze. I wondered if she had trouble looking away just as I did. I wondered if she even cared or missed me at all. I had so many questions, and I needed to get those answers. So many sleepless nights; all
this time she had been here?
I hated how my heart still beat for her; she was so beautiful, even more so now for some reason. She was practically glowing, and I couldn’t tell if it was because she was happy living in her new life or if it was because she loved her new job. Either or… Judy had a new life, and I wasn’t a part of it.
I would be lying if I said it didn’t hurt.
I cleared my throat, trying to gather my thoughts. I didn’t really prepare a speech, but something told me that these people didn’t care. Their worlds were just ripped out; they wanted to know that they were safe and being taken care of… that’s all they cared about.
“I’m sure you’re all confused, scared, and wondering why a Lycan chairman who has zero jurisdiction in this territory is here speaking with you,” I began, keeping my voice steady as I stared at each packmate. “As you know, I come from the largest pack in the world. I am the Lycan of the largest territory, and there are several other powerful Lycan Alphas who run my packs. Though Levi’s territory isn’t much smaller, we have resources and technology that surpass this region. My trackers are highly skilled and trained wolves who have traveled the world and know each region as if it were their own backyard. They have been trained by combat Lycans, and I personally have. With that in mind, word of your attacks has traveled to my ears, along with the other Chairmen, and it caused some worry. These attacks have been random and strange, to say the least. Rogue attacks aren’t common in today’s era; most rogues want to be left alone and live their lives in peace. They aren’t stupid enough to go against Lycans and their packs, knowing that it is a death sentence for them. But with the bravery of the rogues in this area targeting this particular pack, we worry that this type of problem could surface in other areas as well. We wanted these attacks taken care of and wanted them taken care of well to ensure that something like this never happens again. Your safety is our number one priority.”
There were murmurs, and I paused, allowing their worries to course through them as they held themselves and their ones close. I tried hard not to look at Judy as I spoke, but I could feel her eyes on me the entire time. My wolf relished in the fact that we had her attention, and I couldn’t help but internally roll my eyes at him.
He was acting pathetic. He needed to get a grip on himself before he made a fool out of me and himself. “With that being said,” I continued. “Alpha Levi had granted me permission to enter his territory and deal with the new threat to the best of my ability. He acknowledged that I have the resources to swiftly and
+25 Bonus
accurately get the job done. He’s also been busy with other tasks and doesn’t have a lot of time to come here. Because I’m intrigued by this new threat and worry about the safety of my own territory, I agreed. Over the course of the next several days, you’ll notice new Gamma warriors. You must not fear them. They are here to keep you safe. Trust them and do as they say. If they tell you to stay in your homes, you stay in your homes. If you have any other questions or concerns, feel free to track me down or speak with your Alpha. I send you my deepest apologies for the lives that have been lost these last few days, but with my help and guidance, I’m determined to keep the rest of you alive and in one piece. But I need your trust in order to do that.”
###Take 598
Chapter 598
After a moment of silence, everybody cheered and clapped. Some cried, but I could see small smiles on their faces. One by one, each of the packmates bowed to me, including the Gammas. The only one who didn’t was Judy. But then the guy next to her, Spencer, grabbed her arm and pulled her down, making her bow.
I let out a low growl before I could suppress it.
Taylor put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed; his eyes were wide when he finally saw what had captured my attention. He didn’t say anything, though, he pulled me back so Sampson could continue the meeting.
He was planning on having the Gammas begin their patrols beyond the borders, which was a dangerous mission that would most likely cost lives, especially considering the dangers of the rogues in this area.
When he announced Marlo’s team, my gaze flickered around until it landed on a bulky man with piercings and tattoos. He raised his hand, indicating his team, and that’s when I saw Judy was amongst them. She looked a bit tense, her eyes worried.
Sampson was about to say something more, but his Luna interrupted and whispered something into his ear. I watched Sampson’s expression shift.
After that, everything happened fast. He was ordering his Beta to get the pack doctor and forcing Judy to leave the meeting so they could have a private meeting in his office.
Over my dead body was I allowing that to happen. Judy was escorted away by a few other gammas; she looked worried, her eyes remaining on Lucy’s, who refused to meet her gaze. Tears were dripping down Lucy’s cheeks.
“What is that about?” Taylor asked, interrupting my thoughts.
“I don’t know,” I muttered, stepping away from him and heading in the direction they were taking Judy. “ But I’m about to find out.”
Judy and the couple of Gammas walked into the packhouse while Sampson continued with the meeting, not wanting to leave them high and dry, waiting for orders. Before they could disappear around the corner, I caught up with them.
“I’ll take it from here,” I tell the gammas, making them stop.
They both turned to look at me, their eyes wide. They were young, probably around Judy’s age, and from the uniform colors and badge numbers, which matched Judy’s, I’d say they were a part of her team.
Judy looked pale as she stared up at me, her eyes wide and unblinking.
“Alpha Landry?” One of them said, bowing his head deeply. “It’s an honor, but we were tasked with this job try our Alpha. You shouldn’t have to worry about –”
“Return to your team leader,” I say sharply, leaving no room for argument. “I have this handled,”
They looked at one another for a moment before their eyes scanned me. When I didn’t say anything more, they nodded.
“Okay,” one of them murmured before retreating
Now it was just the and Judy, and I wasn’t going to let her slip through my fingers again.
I stepped closer to her, her back was to me, but I knew that she knew I was there. She was tense, and it took everything I had not to pull her into my arms. I was facing a mixture of emotions, I was pissed that she left without a word, overjoyed that I had found her, relieved that she was okay, prood that she was on an Elite
+25 Bonus
Force and making a name for herself even if she was on Levi’s territory…
Her nearness was intoxicating, and I hated that I couldn’t smell her. That fucking masking spray.
1
She let out a shuddering breath, and I noticed the goosebumps on her arms as my breath fanned against the back of her neck.
I finally spoke, my voice deep and low.
“Did you really think you could hide from me, little wolf?” o
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
D
###Take 599
Chapter 599
Judy’s POV
“Did you really think you could hide from me, little wolf?”
I was in deep shit. I knew I was in trouble the second Marlo ordered Rocco and Peter to escort me to Sampson’s office in the packhouse. That meant that Sampson mindlinked him and ordered him to do just that; this also meant that Sampson feared I would run. Which wasn’t far off considering I was indeed a runner. I would have run to avoid this conversation; there was no doubt in my mind that Lucy had told him the truth about my pregnancy.
The worst part was… I couldn’t even blame her. If she hadn’t, Dr. Jasper would have.
The second I was scheduled to go patrolling with my team this evening, I could see the worry in Lucy’s eyes. I knew her heart was in the right place. I hated that I couldn’t be upset with her… I only had myself to blame.
I knew that I was pregnant, but I shouldn’t be so careless.
The second I heard his voice… I knew I was in even deeper shit. He dismissed Rocco and Peter, and after slight hesitation, they were gone. I kept my back towards him, too afraid to actually turn around and face him. I had run from him; I left and said nothing to him, and now I was facing him head–on. I still couldn’t believe he was in Redcliff. I barely even heard his speech because all I could think about was the fact that he was actually here… standing in front of me.
My heart pounded in my chest when I felt his front pressing against my back. His warm breath fanned against the back of my neck, and I felt goosebumps forming on my arms.
“Who said I was hiding?” I hated how breathy and weak my voice sounded. My heart was pounding so loudly, I was sure he could
hear it.
“Don’t insult me,” he whispered, his fingers trailing up my sides. I couldn’t help but shudder from his touch. He was intoxicating, and it was infuriating how my body…and my wolf… reacted to him. “Come with me.”
Before I knew what was happening, his hand was gently wrapped around my wrist, and he was pulling me with him and into a smaller room. It was one of the packhouse conference rooms, with a long table, a whiteboard, and a projector for presentations. This room was rarely used. I kept my back to him, unable to bring myself to look at him. If I did, I knew I would be putty in his hands. I heard the closing of the door behind him and then the clicking of the lock, making my heart skip a beat. 1
THE
He was close to me again, his breath fanning against the
nape
of
my neck.
“Turn around.” His voice came out as a low growl; I sucked asking.”
my bottom lip into my mouth and stood my ground. “I wasn’t
He takes my arm and spins me until I’m facing him. My eyes stay glued to his chest, his gorgeous, strongly built, rippling chest. My mouth went dry at just the sight of his chest, despite it being covered by his button–down shirt. I refused to meet his eyes because I knew if I did
His hands were under my chin, lifting my head up to meet his gaze before I could finish that thought. My breath hitched when I looked into his clouded eyes. They were filled with so much pain and anger that it took my breath away. I wasn’t sure what I was expecting, but it wasn’t that.
I needed to break this tension between us… I needed to get away from his close proximity, but my body wouldn’t listen.
“Gavin-
“How could you just leave?” He asked, stopping whatever it was I was about to say. His eyes trailed to my lips, causing heat to course through my entire body.
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“It wasn’t personal…” I tried to lie, but he stopped me again.
“Don’t lie to me,” he said deeply and sharply, cutting through me like a knife. He kept a firm grip on my chin, keeping my eyes locked on his. “You… left…” U
My lip trembled; his gaze shifted to my mouth, his eyes darkening. His thumb traced my bottom lip, sending warmth throughout my body and causing my breathing to hitch. How could this one man affect me to this degree?
1/3
“I left,” I whispered back.
“Tell me why you left,” he pushed. “Why didn’t you say goodbye…”
There was a raw vulnerability in his voice that caught me off guard. I wanted to tell him why I left; I wanted to tell him that I was heartbroken because I was hopelessly in love with a man who didn’t and wouldn’t love me back. Because the man I wanted was marrying another woman and expecting a baby with her. 2
A baby….
Shit. I was expecting a baby with him, and he didn’t know.
Should he know?
I couldn’t let this baby feel an ounce of being unwanted… not like how I feel.
“Answer the question, Judy,” he said, bringing me out of my thoughts.
###Take 600
Chapter 600
“It was just time for me to go,” I told him weakly. “Alpha Levi gave me an offer and-”
“And you
decided to take it without talking to me?”
“What would you have said?” I asked, the fog clearing as anger coursed through me. He had some nerve questioning me right now when he was the one with another woman… he was the one fucked me and then ghosted me. He was the one who walked away… not the other way around. My heart felt like it was on the verge of breaking all over again, and I’m trying so hard to mend it from past damages. “Would you have told me not to go?” I went on to ask. “Would you have kept me a prisoner in your pack? Forced me to work for you forever?”
“I would have given you the job that I had been holding for you,” he said through his teeth, his own anger mirroring mine.
M frowned, furrowed at his words, confusion consumed me.
“What?”
“The Silver Crescent Gamma Force,” he told me, his eyes narrowed. “There was a position on the force I was holding for you.”
I was shocked; my eyes wide as I stared at him.
“You never said…” I started to say, letting my words trail off. “You never offered…”
He said, and stepped away from me, giving me a minute to breathe without him being inches away from me.
“I didn’t want to overwhelm you,” he told me, his eyes never leaving mine. “You had offers thrown at you, and you hadn’t even graduated yet. I wanted to wait until your graduation to-”
“A graduation you didn’t attend,” I snapped before I could stop myself.
His brows dipped as he studied my face, and I hated how well he could read me.
“There was a reason for that…”
“Yes, I’ve heard your reason,” I nearly spat, unable to control my anger.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
I parted my lips to speak, but the voices coming from the packhouse stopped me. Shit. If there were voices, that meant the meeting was over. Which meant Sampson was most likely heading to his office right now and if he sees I’m not there, he’s going to be pissed.
Reading my expression, Gavin reached for me.
“Stay.”
“I’m not a dog,” I told him, narrowing my “And I can’t… my Alpha wanted to speak to me.”
I turned to leave, but stopped when I heard his low and threatening growl.
Before I knew what was happening, his hands were on my hips and his face was buried in the nape of my neck, paralyzing me, rooting me to the ground. His lips brushed across the nape of my neck, and I swear I heard him inhaling before he released a frustrated sigh,
The masking spray blocked my scent, and for some reason, I knew it was driving him crazy. I knew it because he was also wearing it, as a powerful Lycan, it was necessary when he arrived in the pack. We didn’t want to draw any unwanted attention when the pack was already being targeted.
“If I ever hear you call him your Alpha again… I’ll make sure this pack doesn’t have one.”
A chill crept up my spine; his words laced with ice, and yet it went straight to my core.
He placed a small kiss on the nape of my neck, which both confused and aroused me. Why was he doing this? He was marrying another woman and expecting a baby with her. He shouldn’t be here messing with me… but I swallowed down those words and stepped forward, unlocking and opening the door. I waited a moment to gather my thoughts, and just before I pulled the door open, he released me. 21
1/3
I felt his eyes on me as I walked out of the room.
Just as suspected, packmates were pack and they were swarming around the packhouse. Nobody noticed me leaving the conference room or that Gavin was undoubtedly following me.
I hurried down the hallway and to Sampson’s office.
I wasn’t surprised that he was already there, pacing the place, Lucy was there as well, tears brimming in her eyes. When I stepped in, my heart was thudding in my chest.
“Where were you?” He asked, his eyes narrowed.
“Sorry…I got turned around…”
“Don’t give me that bullshit, Judy. I had Gamma’s escort you here,” he said, folding his arms across his chest.
I thought Gavin would be behind me, but he wasn’t. It was a relief. I stepped into the room; my arms wrapped around my body like I was trying to keep myself together.
“Don’t yell at her,” Lucy tried to defend her. “She was going to tell you…”
“When? Before or after she got herself and the baby killed,” he snapped, his words harsh and making me flinch.
There were no doubts left… he knew the truth.
He turned to look at me, his eyes filled with anger, hurt… and a little worry.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were pregnant, Judy?” 2
I parted my lips to speak, but a loud growl stopped me. My entire body froze. 7
Gavin was behind me.
###Take 601
Chapter 601
Gavin’s POV
I watched as Judy walked into Sampson’s office. I was about to follow her, curious as to what he wanted to talk to her about.
“There you are,” Taylor said, stopping me from walking any further. “My flight is in a couple of hours. I have all the security footage downloaded; I’m going to send it to my email address and take a look at it with our security team once I’m back in Silver Crescent.”
I nodded.
“Thanks,” I told him, putting my hand on his shoulder. “Let me know once you’re back.”
“I will,” he tells me. “I’m going to head into the office first and make sure everything ran smoothly this past day or so.” He paused for a moment, his eyes studying me. “Did you know Judy was here when we got here?”
I shook my head, knowing that the question was about to come sooner or later.
“No,” I answered.
“What are the odds of that?” Taylor said, running his fingers through his hair. “What are you going to do?”
Now that was a loaded question. I had no idea what I was going to do. What I wanted to do was drag Judy away, kicking and screaming, and forcing her back home with me. I wanted to demand more answers from her because, despite cornering her in the conference room, I knew there were more answers she wasn’t saying. I could see the terrified expression on her face and the lingering pain in her eyes. I didn’t understand where that pain was coming from, and I was desperate to know. 5
I was desperate to pry out every single bit of truth she was holding in her pretty little heart. I wanted to wrap her in my arms and protect her. Despite my best efforts, I tried not to care for her as I do… I tried to stop feeling what I was feeling. But seeing her again after a couple of weeks of nothing… my feelings had been solidified.
I fucking loved her.
I was in love with her.
She was mine, and I wasn’t leaving this pack without her.
“I’m going to get her back,” I answered, meeting Taylor’s eyes. “And then we will return home.”
“You’re staying?” Taylor asked, raising his brows. “I mean longer than a week?”
“I’m staying for as long as I need to,” I told him. “I might need you to send me more stuff if I do have to stay longer.”
“Of course,” he replied. “You know I got you. Good luck.”
2 
The sound of Sampson’s raised voice brought me back to reality, and my eyes darted to the open office door.
Was he yelling at her?
Over my dead body was I going to let that continue.
I left Taylor staring after me as I rushed into the office, only to hear the words that pulled my wolf right out of me.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were pregnant, Judy?”
My wolf growled before I could fully pull him back; he surged forward, and I knew I must have looked insane. Judy’s entire body tensed; her back towards me, which was something she’s grown accustomed to.
Sampson’s eyes grew large as he looked at me, and Lucy seemed to have paled, neither of them knowing what to say.
Pregnant…
Judy was pregnant?
With who’s baby? 3
How far along was she
I had so many questions, and I wasn’t leaving until I had answers.
“Alpha Landry…” Sampson said, finally finding his voice. “What are-”
Before you could ask his question, I spun Judy around to face me. Her body was trembling as she fought to avoid my eyes. I cupped her face with my hands and forced her to look at me.
“Tell me the truth,” I said, my voice hoarse as I fought to keep control of my wolf, who desperately wanted to know the truth.” Are you pregnant?”
When she didn’t answer, I tightened my hold on her, my eyes blazing with the power of my wolf. I didn’t want to command her and force the answers out of her lips, but my wolf was out of control and was desperate for answers.
“Are you carrying my baby?” My voice dropped to a vulnerable whisper as tears filled her eyes. 1
I heard Lucy gasping and covering her mouth, though my focus wasn’t on her. I knew Sampson’s eyes were glued to me, rooted to his spot across the room.
Judy’s bottom lip trembled as a tear escaped her eyes and down her cheek. Without thinking, I brushed my thumb across her fallen tear, wiping it away. I pressed my forehead against her, closing my eyes.
“Tell me it’s mine…”
“Why?” She whispered. “So, you can throw both me and my baby away?“
###Take 602
Chapter 602
My heart shattered hearing her words. I opened my eyes and saw the fire burning in her gaze as she stared at me. Something was eating away at her.
“Judy-”
‘No,” she said, pulling away from me, making my hands drop to my sides. I suddenly felt cold without her nearness. “The baby isn’t yours, so you don’t have to worry about it ruining your perfect little life. Just forget about it and forget about me. I’m embarrassed enough. I need to get out of here.”
Without another word or looking in Sampson’s direction, Judy hurried out of the room, tears spilling down her cheeks. It took everything I had not to chase after her; in fact, I was about to, but Lucy rushed past me, calling her name as tears fell down her own cheeks.
I was alone now with Sampson, who was staring at me. I knew he wanted to ask questions, but he wouldn’t dare pry into my personal life, though I knew that he cared for Judy, so that might be enough to push him into asking me what he wanted to know.
“I didn’t realize you and Judy knew one another…” Sampson finally said after a long silence. “She doesn’t really talk about where she came from, but she was sent here by Alpha Levi. I never asked her any questions.”
I looked at him and I could see the concern lingering on his face. It was clear he cared for Judy; it didn’t make me jealous because I knew from the short time I’ve been here; he’s infatuated with his mate. Mated male wolves don’t pose a threat to me.
“She’s from my territory,” I told him.
Sampson tensed, and then realization dawned on him.
w
“I see,” he said, looking away a bit awkwardly. “So that’s how you know her?”
“Yes,” I said, not wanting to give him too much information.
He was quiet for a long moment, processing what I had told him, trying to fit the pieces of the story together.
“I hope you know that I didn’t know…” he said, breaking through the silence that started to consume us.
I narrowed my eyes at him.
“What?”
He cleared his throat and ran his fingers through his hair awkwardly.
“About the baby…” he said, his eyes fixed on the ground. “I didn’t know she was pregnant. I would have never kept her on the force otherwise. I would have tried to convince her to return to her home where she has family and the baby’s father…”
His eyes lifted when he said those last words, and he met my gaze. So, he wasn’t as stupid as I was beginning to think. He put the pieces together, and he understood what was happening right in front of his eyes.
men
“How has she been?” I asked, hating the slight vulnerability in my tone as I asked that question.
“Honesty, she fits in really well here. She’s good at her job. I know she’s only been here for a couple of weeks, but she’s made an impact on not just the pack but my mate as well. I don’t know if you know, but she and Lucy became friends. Lucy was only trying to look out for her when she told Judy’s secret. I hope Judy doesn’t hold that over her head for long.”
“That’s not something Judy would do,” I said without hesitation. “She wears her heart on her sleeve and once she names you a friend, she becomes a thorn in your side and it’s hard to get rid of her.”
This elicited a snort out of Sampson as he nodded.
“Yeah, you ain’t wrong,” he said, a small smile on his lips. “Despite it all, though, I know a lost soul when I see one, and Judy’s soul is certainly lost.”
I raised my brows.
“What do you mean?”
“It always seemed as if Judy was running from something; despite the smiles and the energy she brings to this pack, I could
always tell there was some lingering sadness in her eyes.
My heart ached at his words; was it true that Judy had been sad? She was running from something… why did I get the feeling I knew what she was running from? Why did I have a feeling she was running from me?
The look Sampson was giving me was telling me all I needed to know; it confirmed my fears.
“I think I understand now what she was running from…” Sampson said slowly. “The question is, why?”
We let that question hang in the air for a moment before I met his eyes, a determined look in my gaze.
“That’s exactly what I’m about to find out.”
###Take 603
Chapter 603 
Judy’s POV
I couldn’t believe this was happening. Gavin found out that I was pregnant, and now he was demanding answers. How could I possibly tell him that I was carrying his baby? I’m sure he had so many questions, and I wasn’t sure how to answer any of them.
Not to mention, Sampson was never going to trust me again.
Tears burned in my eyes as I stepped out of the packhouse. I wiped angrily at my tears. I was embarrassed, needless to say. The fact that I was hiding this pregnancy from the Alpha… everybody was going to know about it, and it was humiliating. Not only that… but my baby’s father was now aware of this situation, and he was going to ask questions. Did I really think I could pass this baby off as someone else’s when I hadn’t been with anyone else?
I was so stupid. 1
“Judy, wait!” I heard my name from one of the last people I wanted to see right now. I hurried down the street and away from the packhouse. I needed to get back to my condo, pack up, and then leave as fast as I could. There’s nothing for me here anymore. With me being pregnant, I couldn’t be on the Elite Force. Without my ties to the force, there’s nothing keeping me in the Redcliff pack. 1
“Judy, just stop, please!” That voice came again, and I winced when I realized that she wasn’t going to go away. She was staying and she was following…she wasn’t giving up that easily. I should have known she wasn’t going to give up like that.
Before I knew what was happening, she was grabbing my arm and stopping me from going any further.
I refused to look at her, though; my heart was heavy, and I knew if I looked at her face, I would break down and start crying. I didn’t want to show her that kind of weakness. 
“I’m so sorry, Judy,” Lucy cried, and I could hear the break in her voice. “I never meant to hurt you. I didn’t want to betray your trust, but I couldn’t let you go on patrol with your team. He needed to know the truth…” (1)
I knew she was right; hell, if she didn’t tell him, Dr. Jasper or one of the medical teams would have. A knot formed in the pit of my belly, and I hated how I was feeling. I wrapped my arms around myself and let out a deep and shuddering breath as I broke into tears.
She wrapped me in her arms, pulling me close to her.
“I’m so sorry. Please, don’t hate me,” Lucy whispered. “I was only looking out for you… You have to believe me…” 
“I do,” I found myself whispering. “I’m not mad at you. I’m just… embarrassed… upset… I don’t know.” I let my voice trail off as uncertainty consumed me. “Why did you have to tell him in front of everyone, Lucy?”
“I didn’t,” she said quickly. “I whispered it to him…” She nibbled on her lower lip and gave me a sad expression as if that fixed everything. I sighed and looked up at the sky as if I were asking the goddess why she was cursing me like this.
“In front of everyone,” I told her, folding my arms across my chest. “It made a scene…”
Tears continued to fill her eyes, and her bottom lip trembled.
“I’m so sorry. I panicked. I didn’t know what else to do. But I knew you couldn’t go on patrol, Judy, and I know you… You would have tried because you want to help with the rogue problem… I needed to stop you before it came to that. Sampson needed to know the truth. I’m sorry it happened how it did, but it needed to be done.”
I knew she was right… Goddess, I hated that she was right.
A tear escaped my eye and went down my cheek.
“Can we go back to your condo?” She asked after a beat of silence. “I feel like there’s more that needs to be said that shouldn’t be out in public.” 
I knew what she wanted to talk about; the huge fucking elephant on the street. I nodded, and together we walked the rest of the way to my condo. It wasn’t a far walk, but it felt like it took hours to reach my condo. Most of the walk was done in silence as we both processed our thoughts and tried to figure out where we stood with one another.
I pulled my keys out of my bag and unlocked the front door, stepping into the vast space with Lucy following behind me.
She shut the door.
“Can I use your restroom?” She asked. “I must look like a mess and need to freshen up.”
Chapter 604
###Take 604
Chapter 604
Despite Lucy crying for the last couple of hours since the pack meeting till now, she still looked gorgeous. Yes, she had some makeup smeared under her eyes, and her face was a bit pale, but she was stunning.
“Of course,” I tell her.
She heads to the bathroom while I get the living room set up for a much–needed talk. I still wasn’t sure where my friendship stood with Lucy, but for right now, I think I needed a friend more than anyone. I wanted to call Nan and Irene and tell them what was happening, but that would mean admitting that I’m pregnant with Gavin’s baby, and I’d rather skip that part. I wanted to talk to someone who already knew that part of the story, so I didn’t have to repeat it.
It didn’t take long for Lucy to return. Her makeup was cleaned up, and her hair was pulled back into a low ponytail.
She gave me a small smile when she saw me seated on the couch. When she joined me, she turned to face me, getting herself comfortable.
“So, spill it,” she said, narrowing her eyes. “Gavin Landry? How do you know him?”
I bit my lower lip and nibbled on it; I knew this question was going to happen. I took a deep breath before answering her question.
“I’m from his territory,” I told her. “I actually tutor his son…”
“His son” She asked with wide eyes. “You personally work for Gavin Landry?”
I nodded and looked away from her penetrating eyes.
“Yes,” I tell her. “I have for almost 2 years…”
Her eyes grew large.
“What” She gasped. “Holy shit. We barely even see Alpha Levi… like never. And you’re telling me you see Gavin Landry almost every day?”
“It was more like every other day,” I told her with a shrug. “And yeah, I saw him a lot… maybe a little too much on some days.”
My cheeks were burning, and her eyes grew even wider if that was possible.
“So, it’s true then,” she said, her voice dropping to a whisper. It wasn’t a question, but I knew she was waiting for an answer.
“What’s true?” I asked, playing stupid.
She rolled her eyes and then cocked her head to the side as she stared at me.
“That baby in your belly…” she said, eyes flickering to my still flat stomach before meeting my eyes again. “It’s Alpha Landry’s baby.‘
My breathing halted at her words; once again, it wasn’t a question, just an observation, and I knew he was waiting for confirmation. (2)
My hands immediately go to my belly, my fingers trembling as I fight to keep from curling up in a ball and crying.
“Yes, I’m pregnant with his baby,” I admitted, the words tasting bitter on my tongue.
“Holy shit,” she whispered, leaning back in her seat. “And you ran away from him?”
The memory of leaving the Silver Crescent pack came rushing back to me. My cheeks burned with regret and embarrassment, but at the same time, I had every reason to leave. 
“He’s with someone else,” I muttered. “And expecting a baby with her.”
“Wait, what” She asked, her brows furrowed. “What do you mean he’s with somebody else?”
“I mean, he has someone waiting for him at home. A fiancé or whatever… he chose her over me…”
She stared at me, dumbfounded for a moment before asking, “Then why is he here?”
I raised my brows.
“To help the pack, he was called here,” I reminded her.
She shook her head, that frown deepening on her face.
“He might have come here because he was called, but I guarantee he’s not leaving unless you’re with him,” she said, her eyes remaining on me. “The way he looked at you in the office… it was like you were his entire world.”
I shook my head. 
Chapter 804
+25 Bonus 
“No, you’re mistaken,” I told her. “He doesn’t like me… he doesn’t care about me, and he won’t care about this baby. The only thing he cares
about is Rachel…”
“Rachel?” She asked.
I nodded.
“His fiancée,” I muttered. “And the mother of his future child. He got her pregnant…”
She was quiet for a long moment while she processed that information. She opened her mouth to say something more, and I braced myself for another round of questions, but then I heard the doorbell. 2
I looked at Lucy, who raised her brows and shrugged her shoulders.
Sighing, I stood up and went to the front door. I pulled it open to reveal Sampson, who was sheepishly standing in front of me.
“Sorry to bother you,” he murmured. “But he wouldn’t let me go otherwise…”
He didn’t need to step aside for me to know… I already knew who he brought with him. (1)
Sampson cleared his throat.
“He’s not going to leave until you talk to him.” 13 
###Take 605
Chapter 605
Gavin’s POV
Judy looked so small as she stood inside her little condo. Luna Lucy stood behind her, her eyes wide as she looked back and forth between the two of us before settling on her mate, who still stood in front of me. I could see the uncertainty in Judy’s eyes, the fear, the resentment, the anger, and the pain. It tore something inside of me, making my wolf whimper pathetically. It took everything I had not to close the distance between us and wrap her in my arms. But I had questions that she needed to answer.
“We’ll give you some privacy,” Sampson said, holding his hand out for his mate, who gave Judy a quick questioning glance.
Judy finally pulled her gaze from me and gave her a subtle nod; it was so small I would have missed it if my eyes weren’t glued to her.
Lucy gave Judy a quick squeeze.
“We’ll talk tomorrow?” She asked.
Judy nodded.
“I’ll be talking to you tomorrow as well, Judy. We never finished our conversation from earlier,” Sampson said, narrowing his eyes at her.
I had
to fight the urge to growl at him for his tone; I didn’t like how he was speaking to her, Alpha or not. But I knew I couldn’t cause a scene right now; that wasn’t what Judy wanted, and that wasn’t what I was here to do. I was here to talk and get answers, and that’s exactly what I was going to do.
Judy swallowed, her throat moving as she did so. She nodded, and I could see the hint of nerves bubbling inside of her. I had the urge to protect her, but I stood my ground, waiting for Sampson to take Lucy’s hand and walk out of the condo.
Once they were gone, leaving me alone with Judy, I remained at the entrance, her door still open, and Judy staring at me.
“Are you going to invite me in?” I asked, trying to mask my emotions.
Her body tensed at the sound of my voice, and reluctantly, she stepped aside.
I walked into her condo, passing her. I heard her breathing catch as I passed her. I met her eyes briefly, and I saw the worry and fear in her gaze. She wasn’t afraid of me, but she was afraid of the conversation we needed to have.
She claims this baby isn’t mine, but I didn’t believe her. I needed to know the truth and the timeline… I needed to know how far along she was and when she found out. I needed to know why she left and why she didn’t tell me.
Was she ever going to tell me? Or was she going to keep this pregnancy a secret for the rest of her life? Would I ever know the truth about the baby’s father? Or was I supposed to just let her live her life with her baby and act like I’m not curious? 2
I heard the clicking of the door behind me, knowing she had shut the door.
I looked around the condo; despite the fact that she was still wearing the masking spray, it didn’t mask the scent of her home. It smelled like her, and it was the most delicious scent I had ever smelled. It felt like I was wrapped in a blanket made from her, and I wanted to bask in the scent. My wolf was extremely happy and fought the urge to shift and roll on my back like a dog.
It was a simple condo, nicely decorated, though it didn’t really scream “Judy.” It almost seemed like it was decorated before her arrival, and she just left it as is. There were a few things that I knew were Judy’s, like different plants that I knew were her favorites, or pictures of her friends and family. A time when she was truly happy, which made my heart squeeze seeing the smile light her face in the photos. z
I turned to look at her and saw that she was studying me. She noticed me taking in her home, but I wasn’t ashamed of it.
“How far along are you?” I asked bluntly, not bothering to hide the frustration behind my words.
She winced at my tone and question, and for a second, I didn’t think she was going to answer me. She stared at the ground, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth, drawing my attention to her perfect and plump lips.
“Why do you need to know?” She asked, her voice coming out barely above a
###Take 606
Chapter 606
Her question wasn’t one I expected, and I immediately got pissed off.
“Because I need to know who you fucked,” I said through my teeth. “Who got you pregnant and when?”
Her lip trembled despite her efforts to keep it still.
When she didn’t speak, I asked again, “How far along are you, Judy. Don’t make me Alpha command you.”
She winced at my words, and I knew I had her exactly where I wanted her.
“Almost 2 months,” she whispered weakly.
2 months.
What happened 2 months ago?
I tried to think… was that the last time I had sex with her?
was definitely with her around that time; if she was with anyone else, I would have smelled it on her. I narrowed my eyes at her as I walked towards her. She took the same amount of steps backward, trying to keep her distance from me, probably afraid of what would happen if she were near me.
“You weren’t with anyone else 2 months ago,” I said to her, my voice low.
She kept walking backwards until she couldn’t go any further; with her back pressed against the wall, I caged her in with my arms and lowered my face to hers, forcing her to look at me and feeling her breath fan against my face. Her breath was shuddering as she breathed; her chest rising and falling with a quickened pace.
“You’re telling me that baby isn’t mine,” I said, my eyes filling with lust, shifting to her lips, as I lifted my gaze to meet hers.” You’re shit at lying.”
Before she could stop me and before I could talk myself out of it, I closed the gap and pressed my lips against her. She sucked in a sharp breath which gave me the access I needed to wedge my tongue between her lips and explore her mouth. I sucked her tongue into my mouth, taking what was owed to me as I gripped her hips and pulled her flesh against me so she could feel exactly how she affected me. th
She let out a breathy moan which went straight to my cock. I wanted to fuck her so badly that it hurt. My cock was hardening with each breath I took, and it was painful in my pants.
Her lips were soft, and she moved against mine with a hunger that I knew was pent up from these last 2 weeks. It was a relief that I didn’t smell or taste anyone else on her; despite the masking spray, it wouldn’t be able to erase the taste of her lips. It was intoxicating, and a low growl escaped my throat as my wolf got his fill from the woman he was claiming as his own. I realized that it wasn’t just my wolf that was claiming her, I was claiming her too.
I deepened the kiss, taking in more of her.
I ran my fingers up her sides, taking her shirt with it, and just like that, it was like reality slammed back into her because she flinched back, put her hand on my chest, and gave it a gentle shove, stopping the intense make–out session.
She stared up at me, breathless, with her swollen lips and flushed cheeks, looking sexy as sin.
“I can’t…” she whispered. “We can’t…”
“Yes, we can…” I told her, trying to go in for another kiss, but she stopped me again, her hand spreading out on my chest.
“No, we can’t,” she said, tears filling her eyes. “Because this baby will be unwanted by you just like I am… You don’t want me, Gavin. You never wanted me. We had good sex… but you didn’t want me. Not really, at least.”
1 narrowed my eyes at her, not sure what she was talking about. Yes, it started off as just sex, and then it turned into an agreement where we got my mom off my back and Ethan off hers. But it turned into so much more for me; she wiggled her annoying ass into my heart, and she hasn’t left. I didn’t want her to leave; I wanted to keep her there for as long as I could.
“Don’t tell me what I don’t want,” I said to her, my hand reaching out so I could touch her cheek with my fingertips.
She turned her head, so my fingers missed, and my brows dipped low.
Chapter 106
Her next words left me even more confused and slightly gutted.
“I don’t think your fiancé would appreciate you being here with another woman.” 22
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
###Take 607
Chapter 607
Judy’s POV
The words were out before I could stop them. The look he was giving me was deadly, and I couldn’t help the shiver that crept up my spine. I couldn’t look at him because if I did, I would break down and start to cry. That was not something I wanted to do in front of him.
I pushed away from him and started towards my bedroom; I needed to get away from Gavin so I could have a proper breakdown without him staring at me with pity or resentment.
Before I could get too far, he grabbed my arm, stopping me in my tracks.
“My what?” He asked, his tone dark.
I closed my eyes, wishing I could take those words back because I wasn’t ready to have this conversation. I wasn’t ready to hear how much he loves her. I wasn’t ready to hear about his wedding plans. This was too much for me, and my heart ached with each breath I took. I just needed some time to get over things before I faced them again. I had so much on my plate now; I now needed to figure out a new job and a new place to stay because there was no way Sampson was going to let me remain in his pack. 3
“I just need space,” I told him, pulling away from him. “I need a minute to think about things. I don’t know what I’m saying right now.” 
He let my arm go, and I didn’t need to look at him to know the indifferent look he was giving me. I winced at the very thought as tears pricked the corner of my eyes. 1
“I am pregnant with your baby, and I am keeping it whether you want to be a part of our lives or not,” I said, my voice surprisingly steady despite the turmoil I was feeling. There was no point in lying to him about this anymore; he already knew the truth, even if I did try to deny it.
“Woah, hold on a second,” Gavin said before I could safely slip into my bedroom. I could hear the frustration and confusion in his tone, and it was killing me. “Who said I didn’t want to be part of your life. That is my baby, Judy. Are you really trying to keep my pup from me?”
His words were like a dagger in my heart. I hated feeling this way. I hated feeling this vulnerable and unstable. He was right, though, and I knew when it came down to it, Gavin deserved to know about this baby. I shouldn’t have tried to keep it from him. This wasn’t a secret I had any right to keep. 1
I felt him close to me now; he had stepped further, and it was intoxicating, making my knees practically weak.
“Of course not…” My voice is barely above a whisper. “I was just…”
“You were just assuming I wanted nothing to do with you or my pup,” he said. “You have this idea in your head that I am some deadbeat father-” 2
“That’s not what I meant,” I said, turning around to face him, my anger flaring.
“Then tell me what you mean,” he said without hesitation as he pressed me against my closed door. His body was so close to mine that I could feel the heat radiating off his body. My heart was pounding against my chest so fast and hard that I was so sure he could hear it. “Why are you trying to push me away?”
“You pushed first,” I said softly, my eyes meeting his. “You didn’t want me…‘ 
“You never asked me what I wanted,” he said in a low and deep tone; the same tone that makes me gush. “You don’t know a thing about what I want.”
His lips traced my jawline, and it took everything I had not to melt against him.
“You are so stubborn,” he murmured. “You are hot–headed… You don’t always think before you speak, you think you know what’s best, you think you know everyone else better than you do.”
My cheeks flushed at his insults. I wanted to squirm away from him, but I was frozen in place. Though my brain was telling me to move, my body wasn’t listening. My body putty was in his hands.
His lips trailed down the nape of my neck, his teeth grazing the soft flesh and making me shudder.
Chockin 407
25 Bonus 
“And yet…” his voice trailed off as he peppered a small kiss against the soft flesh of my neck, sending heat coursing through my body.
“And yet?” I asked, my voice breathy as I let out a shuddering breath.
He trailed his lips up the nape of my neck, across my chin, and to my lips, hovering only inches away, mingling our breath together.
Comments
###Take 608
Chapter 608
“I can’t seem to stay away from you,” he whispered, closing the small distance between our mouths, kissing me like his life depended on it. Our kiss was anything but soft and sweet; it was heavy and filled with so much pent–up need. I felt the warmth going straight to my core. 1
My mind went completely blank, and for a while, I completely forgot why I was upset in the first place. It wasn’t fair that he had this huge effect on me; that he could make me comply with a simple kiss. His hands were on my hips, pressing me against him, and I felt everything he was willing to offer me in that moment.
The worst part was… I wanted it. I wanted it so badly. 2
Or maybe he was showing me what I couldn’t have because he had given it to somebody else. The thought was like a slap in the face, and I pulled back; we were both breathless, and he didn’t let me go. 1
“Gavin I-”
“Don’t,” he said sharply, cutting me off.
I blinked at him, confused.
“What?”
“Don’t push me away,” he whispered, pressing his forehead against mine and closing his eyes.
“You chose someone else…” I whispered.
1
His eyes opened, and they were dark, swirling with something I didn’t recognize. His hand reached up and he gripped my chin, keeping my gaze on his.
“Who told you that I chose someone else?” He asked.
My brows furrowed.
“Uh… your fiancé,” I told him.
He narrowed his eyes.
“My what?”
“Stop playing stupid, Gavin,” I told him, trying to wiggle out of his grasp. “I know you and Rachel are engaged. Congratulations, by the way.”
Even I could hear the sarcasm and bitterness in my voice.
“What?” He asked, the confused look in his eyes darkening. “You think I’m engaged to her?”
I froze and looked up at him, my brows dipped low as my own confusion practically consumed me.
“Aren’t you?” I asked.
“What makes you think that?” He asked. “Who told you I was engaged to her?”
“She did…”
A flash of anger went through his eyes, and I saw a glimpse of his wolf surging forward.
“And you believed her?” He asked, the hurt evident in his tone.
His emotions were all over the place, and I couldn’t get a grasp on them. I nodded, though, answering his question.
“I had no reason not to…” I whispered. “You’re having a baby with her. I thought you proposed so the baby would have a complete family.”
He let out a dark chuckle as he stepped away from me, releasing his hold on me. I suddenly felt cold without his close proximity.
“Do you have any idea what I’ve been doing the last few weeks before you left?” He asked, frustration clear on his face.
Chopra 1/38
+25 Bonus
I shook my head; I assumed he was spending those last few weeks with his fiancée, getting ready for both the wedding and his upcoming baby. I had no reason to believe anything else after Rachel told me they were engaged.
“I had been working day and night trying to poke holes in Rachel’s accusation,” he told me.
I raised my brows.
“Wait, what?”
“I didn’t believe for a second that I touched her that night. I remember being with you vividly at the Grand Casino Hotel, and you lied to me about it. I didn’t argue with you about it because it was clear you weren’t going to fess up. I didn’t have sex with her that night, despite what it might have looked like. I didn’t have any desire to touch her, and regardless of how drunk I was, I wouldn’t have allowed it to happen. I might have been fucked up, but I know my dick went nowhere near that woman.”
I stared at him, my eyes wide.
He cupped my face in his hands, his thumb tracing my upper cheekbones, spreading warmth throughout my body.
“Judy, I never touched her. The baby she’s carrying isn’t mine, and she’s not my fiancée. I’m banishing her.”
My jaw nearly dropped.
“You’re what?” I gasped.
4
“I’m banishing her,” he repeated. “She’s been working for someone as a spy. She was trying to trap me into marriage so she could take ownership of my company. I’ve spent weeks gathering evidence, but I couldn’t let her think I was on to her, or she would bolt, so I played the part. I’m sorry if that hurt you, but I never thought you’d leave.” 6
My breathing grew shaky as realization dawned on me.
“She… she told me you proposed to her…” I whispered.
Had I been deceived? (4)
A sad expression crossed his face.
“She lied to you…”
###Take 609
Chapter 609 
+25 Bonus 
Judy’s POV
True? Was I lied t
I stared at him in shock. Was what he was saying
? The intensity of his gaze nearly brought me to my knees. Now I was the one left with questions unanswered, but most importantly, if he wanted me, why didn’t he ever tell me? Rachel were a thing?
3
did he let me believe that he and
My heart cracked at the very thought. Tears burned in my eyes, blurring my vision as I stared up at him. I No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t look away. My bottom lip trembled, and I sniffled, hating myself for displaying this type of weakness. But he was bringing it out couldn’t help myself when I’m around him.
We still owned my heart despite how hard I tried to convince myself that he didn’t, and I
He brushed his thumb across my cheek, wiping away the tears I hadn’t noticed falling.
“After I get answers from Rachel, I’m banishing her. She’s being held right now,” he told me softly.
[
I was shocked by this sudden news; I thought they were getting married, but it was the furthest thing from the case. I swallowed the lump stuck in my throat, my heart pounding against my chest. I didn’t know what to do in this situation. I wasn’t sure who to trust. I’ve been hurt so much by those I loved… Ethan had betrayed me, and Gavin had hurt me. I wasn’t sure if I could trust him, and I was terrified to let my heart fall for him even deeper despite my wolf’s sudden pull towards him.
He kissed me softly on the lips, pulling my mind to the current moment, making me melt from the sweetness.
“Don’t run from me,” he whispered against my lips before closing the gap again. I found myself melting against him, deepening the kiss because the only thing I knew in that moment was that I missed him so much, and having him here with me, kissing me, worshiping me, it was everything my heart had been craving these last couple of weeks.
He wrapped his arms around my waist, pulling me flush against him; heat coursed through my body when I felt his tongue slipping between my lips and invading my mouth, searching hungrily. The kiss was filled with need and hunger, and it went straight to my core.
He lifted me off the ground, making me wrap my legs around his waist to steady myself, and before I knew what was happening, he was opening my bedroom door and inviting himself inside. My room was dark when we entered, and his kicking the door shut behind him made it even darker because now we no longer had the light from the small hallway outside the door. He didn’t bother turning on a light; I don’t think he even noticed it was dark. He laid me down on the bed, gently, not to hurt me. For a moment, I almost forgot that I was pregnant.
He broke the kiss from my lips and started to kiss down the nape of my neck. I breathed him in, his scent slowly starting to return. Either I was smelling him through the masking spray, or the spray was starting to wear off. Either way, it was a glorious scent that made my wolf purr happily.
He dragged his lips down my body, resting them on my belly, sending warmth through me. It was like he wasn’t just loving me, but our baby, too. It was a silent claim that the baby in my belly was his, and he wasn’t going to let either of us go. He kissed around my belly like every inch of me deserved to be worshipped. Tears welled up in my eyes as my heart expanded. Then he brought himself back to my lips, kissing me deeply like I was the most important thing to him.
He lifted off me and started to unbutton his shirt. My eyes wouldn’t look away from his incredible form; no matter how many times I see it, it will never not be the most beautiful sight. His toned abs were mouth–watering, and I had to fight the urge to reach out and touch him.
As if he were reading my thoughts, he grabbed my hand and pressed it against his body, making me touch every rippling ab on his stomach and causing my mouth to go completely dry.
It was as if he was allowing me to claim his body just as he was claiming mine. 
He lowered himself back down to my lips and kissed me as if his entire life depended on it. As he kissed me, he made quick work to remove my shirt, leaving me almost exposed to him, other than my black laced bra. His eyes darkened as he kissed my chest, his tongue dipping between my cleavage, making me gasp.
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
D
###Take 610
Chapter 610 
I felt my bra loosen, and I blinked; when had he unhooked my bra?
The second my bra was off my body and being thrown to the ground, his lips wrapped around my hardened nipple, sucking and pulling it into his mouth. I couldn’t help the moan that escaped my lips.
I knew we had so much more to talk about; my heart was so conflicted, and I worried that at the end of the day, it would get
broken. But at this moment, I couldn’t think of anything other than how good he makes me feel. How much I missed him and
how much I craved his touch.
Once he was finished with one nipple, he gave the other the same treatment, making me moan again. I felt moisture pooling between my legs, and I had to rub them together to create some friction. His legs stopped me from rubbing mine together, though, separating them.
I whimpered at the loss of friction, needing something to help soothe the ache.
His fingers looped in the waistband of my yoga pants, and he pulled them down my legs, taking my underwear with them. I could barely even comprehend what was happening before I was completely naked and vulnerable in front of him.
He leaned back, taking me in. His eyes were dark with little speckles of gold, indicating that his wolf was right there and watching me. I could see the hunger in his gaze and the small smirk that played on his lips as his eyes traveled down my body and landed on my core. He reached out, his fingers sliding between my slit and I heard a soft moan coming from his mouth.
“Fuck,” he rasped out. “You’re perfection and already so wet for me.”
His words and the way he throatily spoke them made me even wetter, and I whimpered, wiggling my hips for him. I needed him to touch me where it really mattered; I need that friction.
With a smile, he parted my folds and lowered himself to me, peppering kisses around my lower belly and inner thigh. Though the kisses were nice, it wasn’t enough. I needed so much more of him.
Finally, his tongue slid between my slit, making me gasp loudly. When his lips wrapped around my clit and he began to suck and lick, I thought I was going to black out from the pure pleasure of it. He slid his finger inside of my core, giving me the friction I desperately craved.
I let out a loud moan, my body limp, while I was completely at his mercy.
He put another finger in me, curling it and hitting that spot that made my legs tingle and my body light on fire. I breathed out his name, missing the taste of it on my tongue. I felt my core clenching around his fingers, squeezing him tight until I was combusting on his hand and mouth. He lapped me up like a starving man, He continued the torturous treatment until I was nothing but a twitching and panting mess.
He placed one last gentle kiss on my clit before removing his fingers. I closed my eyes, counting each breath as he kissed up my body. I felt his lips on the nape of my neck and soon I felt his cock at my entrance.
When had he gotten undressed completely?
As if I hadn’t just had a mind–blowing orgasm, my core grew wet and needy again, my body immediately reacting to his close
proximity. 
“I’m not done with you yet,” he murmured before he pushed himself inside of me.
I gasped at the fullness I felt from him; my core stretched and immediately adapted to his size, having had him many times before. I moaned deeply as he thrust himself inside me, his movements animalistic,
He captured my lips, drowning out my moans. Our tongues and breath mingling together, forming one entity. I felt my orgasm slamming into me before I could even comprehend what had happened.
He nipped at my bottom lip, bringing it into his mouth, sucking on it like it’s the sweetest candy as I came undone on his cock. Within seconds he was falling over the edge with me, cumming Inside me.
Holy fuck. 
That was the best sex we’ve ever had. 1
1/3
Chapter 610
+25 Bonus 
So good that I blacked out at the end; I don’t even remember falling asleep. When I woke up the next morning, I was draped in Gavin’s arms. He was still sleeping, and he had a contented look on his face. We were both completely naked without a care in the world. My heart was hammering against my chest as my wolf wagged her tail happily.
As I stared at him, I had the strangest thought that was pushed through by my wolf, and it scared the absolute shit out of me.
Mate? 16 
###Take 611
Chapter 611 
Judy’s POV
Gavin is not my mate; why would I think such a thing, and why did my wolf purr with agreement? It wasn’t making any sense. I
had a mate, and he didn’t want me. The last I heard about Ethan was that he was moving to Levi’s territory and trying to become
an Alpha of one of his packs. I shuddered at the thought that I was in the same territory as my ex–mate. Then again, he could still
be hanging around Gavin’s territory and continuing to be a spy, but I’m pretty sure Gavin banished him along with Levi’s
daughter. 3
Second chance mates were incredibly rare, and we wouldn’t even find that out for sure until he marked me. I winced at the
thought; did I want him to mark me? We still had so much to talk about. We had to talk about what happened back in the Silver
Crescent pack, we had to talk about our future… we had to talk about the baby.
I immediately put my hands on my belly, my cheeks flushing.
I glanced at the clock and realized it was late morning. I couldn’t remember the last time I slept in this late. The morning sun cast
its rays through the closed window blinds, leaving a hazy atmosphere in the room.
I needed to get dressed and go speak with Alpha Sampson. My mind was still whirling from last night, and I wasn’t sure I could
have a conversation with Gavin right now. Not with how my wolf was acting and not with how confused I was. It would be better if
I cleared my mind before I faced him. (7
I didn’t bother taking a shower because I feared it would wake Gavin, and right now, I didn’t want to talk to him. I quickly and quietly dressed in a pair of fresh Yoga pants and a white crop top. I pulled my hair into a ponytail as I walked into the bathroom. I
stared at myself in the mirror, my eyes drifting to my belly.
In a few months, I won’t be able to wear crop tops confidently anymore because I’ll have a baby bump. Sighing, I washed my face and brushed my teeth. Once I was finished, I quickly left the bathroom, taking a long look at Gavin’s sleeping form. My heart squeezed at the sight of him. I blinked back the tears that formed in my eyes; I hated feeling confused.
I hated not knowing where I stood with him, and I knew we needed to talk about it, but right now, I wasn’t in the right headspace.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and turned away as I left the room. 2
I walked to the packhouse; I didn’t have a car here because most of everything in this pack was walking distance. It was a smaller pack where everybody knew each other, unlike the Silver Crescent, the largest pack in the world.
When I reached the packhouse, I was already feeling a little lighter. That’s all I needed, a bit of distance from Gavin. Now I could clear my head and figure out what’s going to happen in my personal future before I include whatever Gavin was in my life. 1
I stepped into the packhouse, being greeted by some packmates. I smiled at them, hating that it felt forced. 2
“Judy, you’re here,” Lucy said as she came towards me.
She was dressed in a gorgeous pink dress that rested just above her knees, showing off her long and slender legs. Her blond hair
1/3
Chapter 611
+25 Bonus
was down and straightened, draping her bare shoulders. The dress hugged every one of her curves and her boobs looked incredible. I was used to her wearing flashy clothes; she was a very high–end Luna but she wasn’t a bitch which was what I liked
about her the most. Despite her materialistic side, she actually cared about her packmates, and she truly did love Sampson.
I could see the concern on her face as she approached me.
###Take 612
Chapter 612
“Are you okay?” She asked me. “How was your talk with Alpha Landry?” Her pink lips were turned down into a frown.
“We didn’t do much talking,” I admitted, my cheeks flushing.
Her eyes grew impossibly large.
“Oh!” She gasped. “Well, I mean… that’s good, right? That means you two are okay?”
I sighed as we walked together towards Sampson’s office.
“I don’t know, Lucy,” I told her, worrying my bottom lip. “It’s complicated, I guess.”
“Complicated how?”
“It’s just that…” I paused, trying to gather my thoughts. “So much had happened between us in the past. So much left unsaid… a
lot to talk about, and we didn’t really get to talk at all. Now we have this baby growing inside me, and things are even more
complicated. I’m a little whiplashed, too. Hours ago, I thought he was engaged to someone else and expecting her baby, but now
I’m finding out it’s not true. I don’t know what’s real and what’s not…”
I kept the fact that my insides were screaming at me that he’s my mate because that wasn’t something I wanted to dissect right
now.
“It seems like it’s obvious, don’t you think?” She asked, raising her brows.
“What’s obvious?” I asked.
“What you need to do,” she answered. “Look, Judy. He’s here… he wants you clearly. You should go be with him and raise your baby together. Your baby needs their father; it’s not like you can keep him from his own kid to begin with. He’s not engaged to anyone else, and from that blush on your cheeks, I’m assuming he rocked your world last night. So, you should be with him. Go
back to Silver Crescent and live your life.”
Tears filled my eyes.
“I’m scared,” I admitted. “I’ve been hurt before… so badly…” I told her. I didn’t tell her about Ethan or anything about my past. But she could tell that something had happened from the look in my eyes.
She draped an arm around my shoulders and pulled me into a hug as we stopped outside of Sampson’s office.
“Sometimes you have to take a leap of faith,” she told me softly. “Trust your heart.”
“I’ve trusted my heart before,” I muttered. “It left me heartbroken at the end. I don’t know if Gavin is someone to put my faith
in.”
I sighed, still conflicted about what to do. I wanted to trust him, I truly did. But would he want me fully, and would he fully want this baby inside of me? I couldn’t allow my baby to feel an ounce of being unwanted… I didn’t want Gavin to doubt me or our baby.
1/3
Chapter 612
+25 Bonus
I put my hands on my belly as if I could provide some kind of comfort to this fetus. I needed to protect this baby with my entire
life. 7
The door to Sampson’s office opened, and he stood before us, staring between the two of us.
“Judy,” Sampson greeted. “I was just about to call for you. Come in, we should talk.”
I nodded, giving Lucy one last hug before I stepped into his office.
Sampson kissed his mate lovingly before whispering something to her. She nodded and then left the space, leaving me alone with
Sampson. He stepped back into the office, shutting the door behind him.
“Sit down,” he said, walking towards his desk. His expression was hard to read, and I felt a nervous pit forming in my belly. I sat
down in the chair in front of his desk while he sat in his desk chair.
For a long while, he didn’t say anything. He assessed me; his eyes scanning my face as if he was expecting me to start the
conversation first. Maybe I should start the conversation, considering I did come to see him before he had the chance to call for
me.
“Alpha, I-” He held his hand up to stop me, and I immediately clamped my lips shut.
###Take 613
Chapter 613 
“You should have told me that you were pregnant,” he finally spoke after what felt like an eternity.
I nodded, my eyes shifting to the ground.
“I know. I-”
“It was stupid and dangerous for you to continue working knowing about your pregnancy. If I had known, I would have pulled
you from that post,” he said, shaking his head. “Did you know that you were pregnant when you were caught up in that
explosion?”
I knew he already knew the answer, so lying would be pointless and possibly dangerous.
“Yes,” I whispered, tears filling my eyes before I could stop them.
These stupid hormones were out of control.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
His question made me look up at him; there was a hint of hurt and vulnerability behind his tone that made
painfully.
my
chest squeeze
“I was worried you’d fire me,” I admitted. “I just got here, and I didn’t want to disappoint anyone. I had something to prove…. I thought I could handle it, but I was wrong. I’m so sorry.”
He was quiet as he processed my words; he leaned back in his seat and sighed.
“I wouldn’t have fired you, Judy. I would have put you on maternity leave until you were capable of resuming your duties. You have been here for a short while, but you are an exceptional addition to the force. You’ve proved yourself early on, and you’re making a name for yourself. It would be a shame to lose you. But I need to be able to trust you, Judy. Lying to me was not the way to go about this.” 
“I know,” I said softly. “And I’m sorry for that. I was going to tell you… But I was scared. I was a coward.”
“Would you have told me before going on patrol with your team?” He asked. “After my meeting… would you have come to me and told me the truth if Lucy hadn’t done it for you?”
I was quiet; I wanted to say yes, but as I thought about the answer, it didn’t feel right on my tongue. I think we both knew the true answer to that, as did Lucy, which was why she told him on my behalf.
He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair.
“That’s what I thought,” he said, taking my silence as an answer. “I’ve gotten your medical reports from Dr. Jasper. You’re about 2 months pregnant. I’m assuming Gavin is the baby’s father?”
I nodded without hesitation; I didn’t want to lie to him anymore. I was in enough trouble.
1/3
Chapter 613
“Can I trust you, Judy?” He asked, suddenly. “Like really trust you?”
I nodded.
“Yes,” I replied. “You can trust me. I won’t lie to
you again.”
+25 Bonus 
He was quiet for a while before he too nodded, looking a bit more relaxed.
“I talked to Lucy about this because she doesn’t want to lose a friend, and honestly, I don’t want to lose you either. You make a
great addition to this pack. But if Gavin wants to force you back, I can’t stop him. Though you pledged your allegiance to me, you
haven’t been officially sworn into this pack and wouldn’t be until the next full moon. But now that you’re carrying his baby, it’s
more complicated because he has a blood claim to that baby…” he paused for a moment to gather his thoughts. “With that being
said, I want to extend an invitation to you. Once you give birth, you are more than welcome to rejoin the Gamma Force.”
My eyes grow large.
I’m not getting fired?
“Wait… what?” I asked, not sure I heard him correctly.
“I’m allowing you to stay in this pack,” he told me. “And once you give birth, you can resume your job. But only if Gavin allows it.
Get him to sign on to that, and the job is yours.” (17)
###Take 614
Chapter 614 
Gavin’s POV
I woke up alone this morning.
I’m not the type of guy who wakes up in bed alone in
after
sneak away from me. I reached over, my eyes still closed ht of sex. Not that I often have nights of sex… but still, women don’t typically 
wasn’t in bed with me. It was enough to pry my eyes 
I scowled as I sat up.
Had she seriously left me? What the actual
I got up and grabbed my clothes ber
groggy from sleep, and touched the cold bedsheets beside me, realizing Judy
I over at her side of the bed, only to find it empty.
” and look
heading into the shower. Her bathroom was cute; it was smaller than what I’m used to, but it smelled like her, so I relished in it. Her lavender soap was sitting on the edge of the
and her rose–scented shampoo and conditioner sat on the shelf. She had a purple loofah and a couple of washcloths as well
shower,
The shower was dry, giving me the indication that she didn’t bother showering this morning. She was in such a rush to leave me that she skipped a shower. The thought sent my mind into a spiral, and my wolf let out a low growl.
I turned on the shower and stepped inside; it had nice water pressure, though it’s not myself this was a small condo, not my villa or even my mansion.
as 
good as the
pressure in
my villa… I had to remind
Once I finished showering, I turned it off and stepped out, wrapping a towel around my waist.
I glared at myself in the mirror; why the fuck would she leave without saying anything? It didn’t make any sense; I thought we had a good night last night, but perhaps I was mistaken.
3 
I brushed my teeth and styled my hair. Then I got dressed and
me as well. A small claim that I didn’t realize I was doing. Prayed some cologne onto my body, making her bathroom smell a little bit like
Once I got dressed, I decided to head to the packhouse. I thought about calling for a ride, but once I stepped outside, it was nice enough to walk. It’s not like the packhouse was far and the pack was small… very small
When I reached the packhouse, Judy’s scent was strong. I knew right away that she attacked my chest. 
was here, and dI had to
suppress a growl
as
aggravation
I stepped into the packhouse and ignored the stares I was getting; I was used to it, considering I am a Lycan wolf.
“Alpha Landry,” a familiar voice said from nearby. I looked to my right to see Luna Lucy walking towards me. She had a wide smile on her lips upon seeing me. “I never got a chance to thank you for that incredible speech you gave last night. You made the pack feel better and safer, and that’s the only thing I really want for my packmates.”
I raised my brows; she didn’t seem like someone who would truly care for her pack. She seemed like someone who cared more about money and jewelry. She was clearly very materialistic and thrived on the things she could get versus the things she could do. 3
I also wasn’t blind to the fact that she was a pretty woman and looked good on Sampson’s arm.
“I only spoke the truth. We’ll do what we to keep the pack safe,” I assured her.
“We are lucky to have you here,” she said kindly. “It’s refreshing. It’s not like our own Lycan Chairman cares enough to been here in years.” 
I frowned.
“Years?” I asked, stunned by her words. “It’s not right for a Lycan to abandon one or more of their packs for years.‘ She shrugged noncommittally.
”
come here. He hasn’t
“We are used to it,” she admitted. “Alpha Levi doesn’t care about the packs that don’t service him.” Then, as if she said something she wasn’t 
supposed to, she clamped her lips shut and a small blush crept up her cheeks. “Sorry… I shouldn’t said that.”
I shake my head and hold up my hand.
“It’s not a problem,” I tell her. “I get it.” Most know about my rivalry with Alpha Levi, but I wasn’t going to bring it up to her at this moment. The less I spoke about the matter, the better it would be. I wasn’t going to feed the gossip mill, and something told me that Lucy liked the gossip.
She nodded. 
Dago 4
+25 Bonus 
“Are you here to speak with Sampson?” She asked. “He’s in his office speaking with Judy.”
My wolf bristled at the mention of Judy.
“Yes,” I lied.
“I’m sure he won’t mind the interruption,” she told me, pointing towards his office down the long hallway. “He’s talking to Judy about her future in the pack.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you
日
###Take 615
Chapter 615 
I frowned.
“A future in the pack?” I asked, raising my brows. Judy didn’t have a future in this pack; I was taking her home the second I was done here. She was going to live with me in the villa and raise our baby near our families. I’ll eventually give her a position in the Elite Gamma Force so she can pursue what she’s worked so hard for.
Lucy nodded.
“Yes,” she replied. “I talked to him about it last night. He wants to offer her a position on his force after her maternity leave. He’s allowing her to stay in the pack for as long as she wants.” 
Anger coursed through me; he knew that Judy was the mother of my future baby. Why the fuck would he offer her such a position knowing I was planning on taking her home with me? I wanted to ask Lucy, but something told me to keep that to myself for right now.
“I need to speak with him,” I said through my teeth, my jaw tightened.
Lucy noticed the expression on my face, and she frowned. She nodded, though, and stepped out of my way, not saying a word about my sudden sour mood.
I walked past her and towards the office door. Just as I reached the door, it opened and Judy stood in front of me. She gasped and clutched her chest, her eyes wide when she noticed me standing in front of her.
Not really the reaction I was expecting from the woman I just slept with.
“Gavin?” She said, her breathing slowing once realization dawned on her and she what are you doing here?”
she registered that it was me and not some serial killer. “W…
The stammer didn’t go unnoticed, and it made my eyes darken. I knew Sampson was seated at his desk, watching our exchange with quiet eyes, though I paid him no attention.
“The question is, what are you doing here?” I asked, my tone controlled and low. “You should be lying in bed and in my arms right now.”
Her cheeks grew adorably red, which went straight to my cock.
“I uh… had some stuff to take care of this morning,” she told me, worrying her bottom lip.
My eyes narrowed at her.
“Stuff?” I asked, a challenge in my voice. “What kind of stuff pulled you out of my arms?”
She swallowed, drawing my eyes to her beautiful throat and neck.
“L… I needed to speak with Alpha Sampson,” she told me, her eyes downcast. It was clear she was nervous, probably not wanting to tell me about Sampson’s offer.
I smirked at her as I stepped closer, knowingly moving into her personal space. I felt her body tensing slightly, but she didn’t move away. I reached my hand up to cup her cheek, making her head move upward so her gaze would meet mine.
I stared at her for a moment longer, my thumb tracing her bottom lip, making it quiver from my touch.
“Why did you leave me?” I whisper. 2
She was quiet for a moment longer, letting out a shaky breath.
“I told you…” she whispered back. “I had business… I-”
“The truth, Judy,” I demanded, my tone low and for her ears alone, even though I knew Sampson could hear everything with his Alpha wolf hearing. I drew out every syllable in the words I spoke, my eyes darkening as I poured my gaze into hers.
“I needed space,” she admitted. “I needed to think.”
“And you couldn’t do that with me.” It wasn’t a question.
She nibbled on her lower lip, a nervous habit that she has. 
“No, I couldn’t,” she said. “I needed to process my own thoughts.” 
“What is there to process?” I asked, my tone showing a hint of vulnerability, something I’ve tried hard to suppress. My thumb strokes her cheek absentmindedly.
Chapter 15
+25 Bonus
“Everything,” Judy whispered.
Before I could speak, Sampson cleared his throat and stood to his feet.
“I was actually just speaking with Judy about her future in the Redcliff pack,” Sampson told me. “I told her that her job will remain after her maternity leave, but of course, I need your permission first, considering she is carrying your baby, and she is part of your territory, so she’s your wolf despite her current location.” (1
I looked at him, my eyes brewing. He was a good Alpha and a great man for that. A smirk tugged at the corner of my lips. (1
“Is that so?” I asked.
He nodded, and I looked back at Judy, who looked majorly uncomfortable. 1
“So, it’s up to me then?” I asked, trying to hide my amusement. 1
“Yes, Alpha,” Sampson replied simply, making Judy’s face turn even redder.
After a beat of awkwardness, I finally spoke.
“Then my answer is no,” I replied. “She’s not staying in this pack. She’ll be
me… where she belongs.” 10
Comments
###Take 616
Chapter 616 
Judy’s POV
No?
+25 Bonus 
Did he just say no?
Anger coursed through me; the shock of him tracking me down to the packhouse long gone as I stared up at him.
“What do you mean by no?” I asked him, my tone louder than I intended.
“Just that,” he said, folding his arms across his chest. “I’m not letting you stay here. As soon as I’m done here, you’re coming home with me.
“You have no right to tell me that,” I nearly shouted at him, my fury getting the best of me. “This is my decision, not yours!” Truth be told, I was going to talk to him about it. I wasn’t sure if this was a decision I wanted to make. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to stay in this pack, but I needed to know where Gavin stood first. But hearing him deny my choice without even discussing it with me first left an unsettled feeling in the pit of my stomach. I wasn’t going to remain quiet over that.
His eyes darkened.
“Are you forgetting that I am your Alpha?” He asked, narrowing his eyes. “Not to mention you are carrying my baby… something that connects you to me by blood. I have every right to make this decision for you, and right now, my decision is that you are coming home with me, where you belong.”
I stared at him in shock; he was serious. He wasn’t planning on discussing this further, and I could tell by the dismissive way he was glaring at me. I glanced over my shoulder at Sampson, whose eyes were shifted to the ground, trying to avoid my gaze and keep his nose where it belonged. 41
“Can’t you do something?” I asked him as if this was his fault. He lifted his gaze to meet mine, and I could see the struggle behind his eyes; I knew it was out of his hands before he even responded.
“I already told you, if Alpha Landry disapproves, I can’t do anything. He has every right to deny my offer,” Sampson said gently. “I’m sorry, Judy. There’s nothing I can do about it.”
Tears burned in my eyes as I turned towards Gavin; a rage I never felt before bubbling inside of me. I pointed a finger at him, which he ignored.
“I’m not going anywhere with you,” I said through my teeth. “You can’t come here and disrupt my life like you didn’t take part in destroying whatever was budding between us. If you only kept communicating with me during your rendezvous with Rachel, then none of this would be happening. You were never clear about what you wanted from me, and now you’re acting like you have this giant claim on me? You disgust me, Gavin Landry.” (5)
I spat the words at him, my chest aching with each cruel thing I said to him. Though he didn’t flinch, I could see the slight pain in his eyes as my words grew colder and crueler.
“Did I disgust you when I was inside of you last night?” He asked, his tone just as menacing.
I gawked at him; I couldn’t believe he just said that… especially in front of Sampson. What the actual fuck was wrong with him?
“You’re a piece of shit,” I muttered as I shoved past him, hating that my voice cracked on that last word. It was a moment of vulnerability I 
didn’t need him to see. 
“Judy,” he said before I could get too far. I could hear the slight apology in his voice, like he regretted what he had said to me. But the damage was done, and the words were spoken.
I was done talking to him; I was done trying to make this work. No matter what we did, we would never see eye–to–eye. I would always be someone he thinks he can control. I was stupid to think that Gavin wanted me… he only wanted to dominate me. Nothing more. 
Tears blurred my vision as I hurried down the hallway, my heart shattering even more the further I got from Gavin. He didn’t follow me; part of me was hoping that he would chase me down and apologize. Another part of me, the bigger part, needed that space. I needed to get away from him to clear my head. 6
Though just because he didn’t follow me, it didn’t mean I wasn’t being followed. As I got outside, I felt a hand on my shoulder, making me freeze. For a second, I thought maybe it was Gavin, and I was too caught up in my own misery to notice that he was behind me the entire time, but when I turned, I realized that it wasn’t. A small flutter of disappointment grated my chest before I brushed it away. 
Spencer stood behind me with a worried frown and a crease between his brows.
“What happened?” He asked.
I hadn’t realized how bad I was crying until I tried to speak. Without a word, Spencer had me wrapped in his arms, holding me close to his 
1/3
Chapter 616
chest. I could hear the rapid beating of his heart, and his strong hands splayed out on my back, keeping me close. 
P
Comments
Support
Share
###Take 617
Chapter 617
Despite being a friend, and his embrace warm, his touch somehow felt wrong. Like, I shouldn’t be allowing him to touch me like this. But I needed to feel something… anything other than the pain I was feeling from Gavin.
“Come on,” he said softly, lifting me off the ground and carrying me bridal style. My lips trembled as I suppressed more sobs, but I couldn’t hold them in.
He brought me over to his waiting car and helped me into the passenger seat. He buckled my seatbelt because I was too out of it to do it myself. He ran around the car and got into the driver’s seat. For a moment, I thought I heard my name coming from Lucy’s lips, but it was gone as Spencer sped away from the packhouse.
He was quiet as he drove through the streets; his hands clutching the steering wheel tightly, as if it owed him money, and his jaw tensing periodically.
I glanced up at him with a frown, not sure what to say. I was grateful for my friend at that moment for getting me away from the packhouse, but now that I was getting further away, I had questions in my mind… like why?
Most of the gammas were on post with this new threat out there, so why was Spencer at the packhouse to begin with?
“Thanks,” I tell him, breaking the silence after a long while.
“Don’t mention it,” he said, his eyes remaining fixed on the road.
“You didn’t have to do that, you know.”
He was quiet, which gave me a slightly eerie feeling in the pit of my stomach. It was a feeling I never got from being around him before, and I wasn’t sure where it was coming from now.
I blamed it on the high tension from what I just dealt with, the heartbreak, and the pregnancy hormones. It was clouding my judgment,
apparently.
As we passed my condo, my frown only deepened as I looked at him. I assumed he was taking me home, and his house was in the other direction. (2)
“Where exactly are you taking me?” I asked him, my tone coming out rougher than I intended.
“Somewhere safe,” he assured me, though his tone was anything but reassuring. I furrowed my brows at him, not sure what he was talking about. This pack was plenty safe with the amount of security there was around here this last day or so. I wasn’t in any kind of danger… at least not physically. So, I wasn’t sure why he felt the need to take me somewhere safe.
“I’d rather just go home,” I told him honestly.
“You were crying for a reason,” he reminded me. “Once we get to our destination, we can talk about it. But I feel like you just need to get away for a bit.”
I bit my lower lip, nibbling on it as I stared up at him. He was so serious; it was something I wasn’t used to when it came to Spencer. At this point, I wished I had my phone with me and almost cursed myself for having it shut off and on my nightstand.
The second we left the parking grounds, my heart was pounding rapidly against my chest.
“Please, tell me where we are going,” I told him, hating the fear that was clear in my tone.
He heard it, too, because he frowned as he glanced in my direction.
“Are you afraid?”
I swallowed.
“Of course not,” Ilied. (1)
“Good,” he said without hesitation. “You have nothing to be afraid of, Judy. I’m your friend… remember?” 
I nodded and took a shaky deep breath.
“Friends tell each other where they are going,” I told him, trying my best at witty humor, but I only sounded desperate.
A sinirk played on his lips, and it gave me an even more unsteady feeling.
“There’s this cabin,” he finally said. “It’s about 10 miles south of the Redcliff pack borders. I found it when I was out exploring as a kid. It’s been abandoned for years. I decorated it and turned it into a hideout. Very few know about this place, I only tell those I trust. I figured we could
1/3
Chapter 517
+25 Bonus
stay there for a couple of days. There are 2 bedrooms, a kitchen, and a full bathroom. It’s not fancy or anything, but it’s a good hiding spot for when you don’t want others to know where you are.”
“A hiding spot?” I asked, my brows furrowed. “I had no idea such a place existed.” 
“That’s because I never told you,” he replied. “Like I said, very few know of its existence. But don’t worry. We’ll be there soon enough.” (22
###Take 618
Chapter 618 
Gavin’s POV
I was an asshole.
+25 Bonus 
I ran my fingers through my hair as I watched Judy run out of the packhouse. I thought about going after her, but I knew she needed space. I hated that I upset her; I let my pride cloud my judgment, and I said something I regretted immediately. I was being and acting stupid; she just had an infuriating way of bringing it out of me. 2
But I knew that wasn’t an excuse.
I embarrassed her. I hurt her.
I could feel Sampson’s eyes on me as he leaned against his desk.
“I would have done the same,” he finally spoke, breaking through the tense silence. “If it were Lucy. I would pack… at least not without me.”
“Lucy is your mate,” I said, my eyes finding his. “Judy isn’t mine.” 
Sampson raised his brows.
‘t allow her to stay in another
“You sure about that?” He asked. “From the way you two responded to one another, I could practically see the pull from here.
”
“I think I would know if she were my mate,” I muttered. “She’s not… but she is carrying my pup, and I won’t have her living in Levi’s territory. She belongs in the Silver Crescent pack with me, and near her friends and family. She left because of misunderstandings, which were cleared up last night. She’s not in her right head space, and she will come around soon enough.”
Sampson nodded, though I could tell there was something he wasn’t saying.
“Speak,” I ordered, my eyes narrowed at him.
“I’ve only known Judy for a short time, but she’s a stubborn girl. Telling her what to do isn’t going to end well. She wears her heart on her sleeve, and if you mean something to her, she was probably already considering turning down my offer and returning home with you. She didn’t exactly look pleased or excited when I told her she could stay in my pack.”
I froze at his words; had I pushed her far enough where she might actually want to stay here? He was right; she was stubborn as fuck and she had pride… pride that I stomped on.
“Sampson, what happened with
” –
Lucy walked into the office, but her voice trailed off when she spotted me.
Sampson frowned at his mate, a concern lingering in his eyes.
“What is it?” He asked, and his posture suddenly started straightening.
She pulled her gaze away from me and looked at Sampson.
“Judy,” she finished. “She left here upset. She was sobbing when I saw her. I tried to talk to her, but I don’t think she knew I was there. Spencer ended up taking her away.” 
At the sound of Spencer’s name, my wolf was immediately alerted, and I couldn’t hold in the growl that escaped my lips.
“Why would Spencer take her away?” I asked through my teeth, my wolf close to the surface as Lglared at Lucy.
She flushed under my scrutiny and took a step away.
“L.. uh… I don’t know,” she stammered nervously.
On cue, Sampson was by her side, draping a protective arm around her. I knew that move all too well; he was worried I’d do something stupid to hurt his mate, and he wouldn’t tolerate that.
Ihad to calm myself before I started a war in this pack.
“Where did she go?” I asked, taking a deep breath, feeling my wolf stirring and stewing in its own anger and slight fear.
“Maybe he took her home?” She suggested, her eyes avoiding mine. I knew it was because my Lycan aura was strong; it was intimidating, and most had trouble looking directly at me when I got like this. Even Sampson struggled to look at me. 
I didn’t wait around for them to say anything more. I hurried out of the office, ignoring everyone in my path who stopped to gawk at me. Most downcast their eyes the second they saw me because once again, my Lycan aura was too much for them.
Chapter BIB
+25 Bonus 
I wasted no time in getting to Judy’s condo, and the second I stepped onto the property, I knew she wasn’t there. I still entertained the thought that maybe she was wearing the masking spray, and I couldn’t smell her, but even so, I knew in my gut that she wasn’t home. I would have been able to sense her somehow now that I’ve had a taste of her again; my wolf would know right away if she were here. 
I walked into her condo, looking around the quiet space. My heart was racing against my ribcage.
“Judy?” I called out, my voice practically echoing through the vast space.
I walked into her kitchen, saw that it was untouched. I went towards her bedroom and stepped into the room. It looked exactly the same as it was before I left this morning.
“Fuck,” I cursed, feeling my aggravation growing.
Who the fuck did Spencer think he was Why would he take her away, and where would he have taken her?
Comments
?
Support
Share
###Take 619
Chapter 619
My phone started to ring, bringing me out of my thoughts. My knuckles were tight as I gripped my phone in my pocket and glared at the screen. I tried to calm myself when I saw that it was Irene calling.
Taking a steady breath, I pressed the talk button and put the phone to my ear.
“Irene,” I greeted as if I were greeting a business partner, but it was the most I could manage right now. I was speaking through gritted teeth and trying to keep my wolf under control. I know better than anyone that if I wanted to find Judy and bring her home with me, I needed to be calm. I needed a calm mentality, and honestly, my daughter was pretty good at keeping me calm most of the time.
Plus, she could be calling for an emergency; ignoring the calls of my children was something I would never do if I could help it.
“Woah,” she said, taken aback by the harsh sound of my tone. “What’s crawled up your butt?”
“I’m not in the mood, Irene. What is it you need?” I asked, my jaw clenched.
“I was just asking if you could send over the adoption paperwork for Nan and Chester,” she told me.
I almost forgot about the adoption paperwork; I told her once I finished reviewing it, I would sign it and send it back to her so they could finalize it. Honestly, I was a bit worried about handing Emalyn over to Nan and Chester because of their unstable relationship. They are unmarried, and I wasn’t really sure if they’d make it as a couple. But these last few weeks have proved me wrong; they have gotten closer, and Chester even went as far as proposing to Nan, who surprisingly said yes.
Plus, they are both really good with the baby, and Irene trusts them.
“I hadn’t gotten around to reviewing them,” I sighed, running my fingers through my hair frustratingly. “I will soon, and I’ll send them to you.”
“Okay, what’s going on with you?” Irene asked, and I could almost see the furrow between her brows. “Forgetting something that serious isn’t you.”
“I didn’t forget, 1-
“Don’t lie to me, Dad,” she said, stopping my lie before it could fully leave my lips. She was right; I was lying. I completely forgot. The second I saw Judy, all my duties left my mind completely. “What’s really going on with you?”
I was quiet for a moment; should I tell her the truth? She was my daughter, and I hated lying to her. She was old enough to know when I was lying now, and I didn’t want to keep her in the dark when it was important.
“I found her,” I said, my tone dropping to barely above a whisper.
There was silence on the other end for a moment before she asked, “Found who?”
I was quiet, her name feeling heavy on my lips as I spoke it.
“Judy.”
Irene gasped.
“What” She asked. “It’s been 2 weeks, and you’re telling me you found her? Where”
“She’s been in the Redcliff pack,” I murmured, leaning against the wall; I needed it to support my weight.
“The Redcliff?” She asked, “Isn’t that in the far North? Alpha Levi’s territory?”
“That’s the one,” I said, trying to keep the bitterness out of my voice.
“Why would she be there?” She asked. “She told me she got an offer in a different territory, but Levi’s What was
“She wanted to hurt me,” I sighed. 17
Hurt you? Why would she want to-” her voice trailed off, and then she gasped softly. “Because of Rachel. She still together?” 
and Rachel are 
“No,” I said sharply. “I told her we aren’t, nor will we ever be together. I’m ordering her to come home with me once I’m done with business
here.” 
Silence.
“Irene?” I asked after she didn’t say anything for a long while.
3
“Order her?” Irene asked. “You’re going to order Judy to return home with you? Even if it’s against her will?” 
+25 Bonus 
“What else am I supposed to do?” I asked. “I can’t let her stay here in Levi’s territory,” I spoke Levi’s name like it was a bad taste on my tongue.
“If you order her around, you will make her run,” Irene said, and I knew she was right, but I couldn’t help myself. I knew I was being stupid; I was selfish, and it was pushing her further away, not pulling her closer. “Dad… do you want her?” 
“Yes,” I replied, it was strange admitting that to my daughter, but it was true. I wanted Judy so badly that it hurt.
“Then listen to me,” she said, a determined sound in her voice. “You need to start doing this differently. You aren’t going to win her heart by ordering her around. You gotta woo her. Make her remember why she fell in love with you…”
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
P
Comments
?
Support

###Take 620
Chapter 620 
Judy’s POV
I wasn’t really prepared for us to leave the pack. But as soon as we crossed the borders, I started to feel even more uneasy. Most of the drive was quiet; I kept stealing glances at Spencer, but his expression was unreadable. It was unlike him.
“Spencer, is everything okay?” I asked him when I couldn’t take the silence anymore.
He blinked and then glanced at me.
“Yeah, why do you ask?” 
“You just seem off,” I tell him. “Unlike yourself.”
“I’m fine,” he replied. he gave me a smile, though it didn’t reach his eyes. He seemed almost nervous about something, or maybe it was my own nerves attacking the pit of my belly.
I decided not to worry too much about Spencer; he was Spencer. He was my first friend after Luna Lucy. He made me feel welcomed to not only the team but to the pack as well. I might have only known him for a short time, but he became my best friend.
I relaxed in my seat a little as I was reminded of that fact. Spencer wouldn’t do anything to hurt me.
My mind drifted back to Gavin. I was still so pissed off and hurt that he would barge in here and order me back to his pack. We still had so much to talk about; it’s not like I was going to jump on the opportunity to take in this pack. I wanted to return with him; yes, I’ll miss the friends I’ve made in this pack, but I miss my other friends even more. I would kill for a girl’s night with Nan and Irene. They were my best friends, and I wanted to tell them everything that was going on in my life. I miss my family too; I realized how rash I was in leaving when I spoke to my mom on the phone the other night. I missed her so much, and I know leaving as quickly as I did hurt both her and my father. 2 
I was so quick to leave my life behind to escape something that hurt me that I didn’t stop to think about those I was hurting in return. I was being just as selfish, and I realized that this past week.
I was also aware of the fact that I’m carrying Gavin’s baby.
Instinctively, I put my hands on my belly; it was still flat, a couple of months away from possibly popping. I still couldn’t believe a baby was growing inside of me. My baby. Gavin’s baby. My heart squeezed.
I was scared that Gavin didn’t want me, and in turn, he wouldn’t want our baby. I was scared that I was going to end up having to do this alone. I didn’t know anything about being a parent; yeah, I had amazing parents growing up who treated me like their own, even if I was adopted. I had great role models… but could I really be that for another living being? 1
What Gavin said earlier was cruel. I wanted us to have a real conversation, but instead he jumped down my throat and ordered me home. He didn’t care about me… all he cared about was his control over me. My heart ached at the very thought. 6 
I stared around the pathed woods were driving through. I frowned as I looked around; I felt uncomfortable being in a forest when we weren’t on packlands. That meant we were traveling through the rogue district.
“Spencer…” I said, a nervous twinge in my voice.
“Hmm?”
“I know we are Gammas and are trained to deal with any situation, but is it a good idea to drive through the rogue district?” I asked him, glancing in his direction just in time to see him lifting one shoulder.
“I barely ever see rogues in this area,” he told me. “So, I don’t really think about it.”
Comments
Support
Share
###Take 621
Chapter 621 
“Where exactly are we going?” I asked him.
Before he could answer, a small cabin appeared. It was in the middle of the forest and hidden from the view of the road, but I realized he was pulling around to park on the side of the building.
He unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car, his gaze landing on the cabin. Without much thought, I followed him out of the
car. 
“What is this place?” I asked him as we walked towards the front door.
“I’m not sure,” he admitted. “I found it when I was young. I was traveling on my own when I wasn’t supposed to. I stumbled upon this cabin and kind of made a second home out of it. I call it my hideout.”
His tone was almost playful and reminded me of the Spencer I knew and cared for. I was relieved that he didn’t sound cold and indifferent anymore. I think we both needed a little space from the pack, and I was glad to be getting away for a little while. At least until I clear my thoughts and figure out how to approach Gavin again. (1)
He stepped into the cabin, and my jaw nearly dropped; it was gorgeous and nicely decorated, with so many handmade crafts that I knew he did himself because he’s always been crafty like that. 1
Everything was clean, and it smelled like lavender, relaxing me almost immediately upon entry. Spencer seemed to have relaxed as he walked in as well.
“Make yourself at home,” he said, the corner of his lips lifting into a small smile.
“This place is incredible,” I told him.
“Yeah, I did most of the decorating myself,” he told me with a shrug. “The only other person who knows about this place is my grandmother.”
Spencer’s grandmother practically raised him. He lived with his mom, dad, and grandmother. However, he was neglected by his family. Then one day they left and never came back. His grandmother had always been there, though.
“Back when my parents lived in the pack, there’d be moments when I just needed an escape from it all. So, I came here. My grandmother liked to know where I was going and when I’d be back, so I told her about this cabin. She didn’t like it at first because it’s in the Rogue District, but after a while, she realized that I was a born fighter. Rogues don’t mess with me anymore, so they leave this area alone.”
“You scared the rogues away as a kid?” I asked, gawking at him.
I swear I saw him blushing, which almost made me laugh, but I was way too shocked to move my body, let alone laugh.
“Yeah, I guess I did,” he admitted. “Anyways, this place is safe.. It’s my safe space. I hope you don’t tell anyone about it. I’d like to keep it a secret.”
“Of course,” I said quickly. “Your secret is safe with me.
“”
He looked relieved.
“Thank you, Judy.”
I nodded.
“Is that why you seemed so nervous bringing me here? Because you were worried I would blab about your secret?” I asked, raising my brows.
He shrugged.
“Maybe a little,” he told me. “I’m sorry if I worried you.”
I reached out and touched his hand.
“You don’t need to be sorry. I’m just being paranoid.”
He gave me a sad smile. 
1/3
￡2
+25 Bonus 
“Do you want to talk about it?” He asked. “Now that we are away from the pack, maybe you can finally tell me what happened back there?” 
I sighed, my eyes shifting to the ground.
“I should tell you something,” I told him, my eyes remaining downcast. I hadn’t told anybody here about my past or where I came from. Even though Spencer was my friend, I wanted to keep that part of me to myself. At least for right now, but I couldn’t keep quiet anymore; I had to tell him the truth. A secret for a secret. (2
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P
Comments 
Support
Share
###Take 622
Chapter 622 
“I’m listening,” he said, urging me to continue.
“I come from the Silver Crescent pack, Gavin Landry’s territory,” I told him.
He raised his brows, and I knew he was wondering why I was telling him this. I mean, he knew I wasn’t from this territory, so why did this matter? I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“Gavin and I had been sleeping together on and off for almost 2 years.” (1
Now he looked shocked.
“What” He asked, his brows raised to his hairline.
“It started off as me tutoring his son, and ended with me in Gavin’s bed.” I gave him the short story, looking a bit sheepish.
“You’re serious/” He asked.
I nodded.
“Yes,” I replied. “Then I found out he was sleeping with someone else, and he got her pregnant. I was told he got engaged to her, and I didn’t want to stick around to watch their fairytale wedding, so I came here after Alpha Levi offered me a job in the Redcliff pack as an Elite Gamma.”
He nodded, his eyes thoughtful, though he still looked shocked and a bit confused.
“So, you’ve known Gavin this whole time?” Spencer asked. “Did you know he was the special guest arriving?”
I shook my head.
“I had no idea until he got here. I tried my hardest to make sure he doesn’t find out where I am.”
I was going to tell Spencer about my pregnancy, but I decided against it. I wanted to keep this baby a secret a little longer; plus, something inside of me was telling me to keep it hidden.
Spencer lowered himself onto the couch, as if the weight of what I had told him was too much for him to handle right now.
“So, you’ve been sleeping with that guy for years?” He asked, his eyes meeting mine.
“2 years,” I told him. “I was so stupid to think that he cared about me.. I was only fooling myself, and now I’m left heartbroken and feeling more alone than ever.‘
He was quiet for a moment, still processing my words.
“And now Gavin Landry is here…” he said, his brows furrowed. “Is he here for you?” There was a slight bite to his words that took me off guard.
“No,” I said quickly, feeling the need to defend myself. “He came to help the pack. I don’t think he knew I was here. But when he found me…” I paused for a minute as I saw the confused and almost betrayed look in his eyes. “He’s making me return to the pack with him,” I spoke that last part in a whisper, almost like I was giving up the fight.
Maybe I should just return with him. Isn’t that what my end result would ultimately be anyway? Why am I putting up such a fight over it? The second I found out I was pregnant, my future was already decided.
“Bull shit,” he nearly spat, making me flinch. “Why else would he be here? This is Alpha Levi’s territory, not Gavin’s. He wouldn’t come here if it weren’t for an ulterior motive. I knew there had to be something, but I didn’t think you were involved.”
“You’re wrong, Spencer. I’m not involved,” I said, my tone dropping a little; my wolf was getting a bit defensive over Gavin, but I pushed her aside. This was not the time to defend Gavin; I needed to plead my case.
But he spoke again before I even got the chance. 
“I don’t believe for a second that he didn’t come here for you, Judy,” Spencer said, shaking his head. “He’s not only deceiving you, but he’s deceiving the pack. I really didn’t think you were the kind to fall for that kind of bullshit, but I guess I was wrong.“. 10 
1/3
###Take 623
Chapter 623 
Third Person POV
2 weeks earlier (The day Judy arrives in Redcliff)
“Do you really think this is a good idea, Alpha?” Bela Ron asked, looking across the desk and at Levi, who was grinning at the computer. His excitement was evident, and it gave an eerie feeling to the room. “Judy is smart, she will figure out that something is wrong. You are underestimating her abilities. You saw what she’s capable of during the competition.”
Levi’s smile faltered for a moment as he peered up at his Beta.
“I didn’t ask for your opinion,” he said through his teeth, his darkness radiating off him in waves, making Ron feel uneasy. He had been working for Alpha Levi for years, and in most cases, he trusted Levi. He didn’t think Alpha Levi would ever actually cause him harm, but Levi was also unpredictable, and there was no telling what he’d do to his own Beta. Ron wasn’t in any position to risk it, so biting his tongue was his best option.
That and doing what he’s told.
But in this case, it felt cruel even for Alpha
“I understand, Alpha. I apologize,” Ron said, lowering his gaze.
“It’s just a useless pack. The Redcliff doesn’t contribute to the overall function of my territory. They are dead weight…”
“One of the Elite Gamma bases is in Redcliff,” Ron reminded him without thinking.
“Yes, and they are the weaker of them,” Le countered. “I have 4 more active bases around my territory; they are strong and true fighters. Only the best of the best… Redcliff holds the duds. Nothing ever goes on in that pack. Precisely why I haven’t been there in years, and when a visit is necessary, I send you. It would just be easier if that pack didn’t exist.”
“Then why send Judy there?” Ron asked. “You were desperate to have her on your Elite force.”
“I was desperate to get her out of Gavin’s territory,” Levi corrected him, his tone sharp. “With her gone, Gavin is weakened. Now with this next plan, he’ll be distracted. Perfect opportunity for my takeover.”
Ron was quiet for a long while as he processed his words. He’s known of Levi’s planning for a long time, and at first, he was on board, but since involving his family, he started to have second thoughts.
He knew having Levi speak to his nephew would end badly.
It was his nephew who helped the rogues into the territory, causing mayhem and so many deaths of innocent lives. With this threat on Levi’s territory, it was brought up with the council, where their concern for their own territories was evident.
Ron was at that meeting, and the moment Gavin heard about the random rogue attacks, it was clear he was on edge. Even more so than he was when he first walked into the meeting, looking all disheveled like he hadn’t slept in weeks.
He was vocal when voicing his concerns; Ron was surprised when levi granted him permission to enter his territory to figure out the cause of this threat, considering Gavin has better and stronger resources that could get the job done.
But really, it’s all just a distraction.
Everything planned is to distract Gavin and to hit him where it really hurts. Over the last couple of years of spy…g, Levi realized that Gavin doesn’t have a lot of important things or people in his life. None that he truly cares for.
He cares for his children, but that was it. His kids were so protected that it was difficult to get near him, even with spies.
But then Levi found out about Judy… or maybe Judy had just come into the picture. But Gavin’s world shifted from that point on… it was clear who his real priority was… it was clear who mattered the most to him, besides his children.
Levi wanted so desperately to take that little piece of joy away from him. To hit him where it truly hurt. Ron didn’t think much of it until he got the vulnerability of his family involved.
###Take 624
Both Levi and Ron saw the effect Judy had on Ron’s nephew at the Gamma competition. He was transfixed on her the entire time, and Levi had the idea to use that to his advantage.
Now his nephew was in deep shit, or he would be if he were ever caught.
“Judy will be arriving at the Redcliff pack in a few hours. I need you to go there and get her settled. Make sure everything is set in motion with your nephew,” Levi said, cutting through Ron’s thoughts. 2
Ron nodded, running his hands through his hair.
“Yes, Alpha.”
He knew why Levi wouldn’t go to this pack himself; this pack was beneath him… it was the weakest of them all and had the weakest Gamma Force. He didn’t think this pack was deserving of a glimpse of the Lycan. It wasn’t worth his time or energy, so he always sent Ron in to do his dirty work. Ron was used to it, though the thought of using his own family sent him over the edge, he still forced a smile and did as his Alpha requested.
A couple of hours later, Ron was pulling into Redcliff and parking at the packhouse. Sampson was in his office when Ron entered. He didn’t bother knocking; he never did. When he was in Redcliff, he felt like a big boss. He basically was the big boss. He was the only one of true authority, besides their Alpha, that this pack had seen. They know Ron is the Beta of the Lycan… so in their minds, Ron is the closest thing to Levi than Levi himself.
Because of that, Ron was respected and feared, and he fed off that feeling. Part of the reason why he liked coming to this pack specifically..
“Have arrangements been made for Judy Montague?” Ron asked, narrowing his eyes at Alpha Sampson.
Sampson stood as soon as Ron entered, and he bowed out of respect to the Beta.
“Yes, everything is all set,” Sampson replied. “My mate Lucy is doing some finishing touches on the condo as we speak.”
“What time does her flight get in?” Ron asked, glancing at his watch. It was just past 5 pm.
“In about 20 minutes,” Sampson replied.
Ron nodded.
“I’ll head to the launch pad now, then,” he replied.
“Of course, Beta. Is there anything you need from me?” He asked, as he always did.
“I’ll let you know,” Ron said before he turned and left the office.
He met up with his nephew before leaving the packhouse, knowing his nephew would be training in the fields behind the building.
“Our little visitor will be arriving soon. I need to know that you remember the plan and our deal,” Ron said from the others.
ing him aside
“Yes, I remember the plan,” his nephew said, rolling his eyes. “But you have to keep your end of it too. I get Judy at the end of this. She doesn’t get hurt.”
“You have my word, we will keep her safe. But I can’t guarantee everyone else in this pack. We are about to release chaos… There will be deaths and they’ll be on your hands just as much as their on mine,” Ron warned his nephew; he wasn’t sure what he was trying to do..
It was Levi who had the charisma and convinced Ron’s nephew to agree to this crazy plan. Maybe Ron was trying to get him to back down and walk away before he does something he’ll regret.
But the determined look in his nephew’s eyes proved that wasn’t going to be the case.
Chapter 624
+25 BONUS
“If it means keeping her safe and playing the part as her hero, who gives a shit. This pack is going downhill anyway. Sampson is shit át being an Alpha. They deserve to get destroyed, and I deserve to live my happily ever after with Judy by my side.”
Ron sighed, but he nodded, putting a hand on his nephew’s shoulder. He gave it a tight squeeze.
###Take 625
“I’m heading to the launch pad; come with me. You can be the first to greet her,” Ron stated it like a suggestion, but really, it was an order. If they wanted this to work, it needed to be genuine.
“Okay, let me grab my stuff,” he said as he headed towards the locker room.
A few minutes later, he returned. He was changed into his armor and had his weapons attached to his sides, ready for access. Ron nodded at him and together, they went to the launch pad just as the private plane that was sent for Judy landed.
Ron motioned for his nephew to get the baggage from the undercarriage of the plane. He nodded without hesitation and jogged towards the plane. The doors remained shut, and Ron stood his ground outside his car. His nephew returned with suitcases and bags. By the time he was finished loading the car, the door of the plane opened.
At first, Ron only saw the stewardess; she was speaking to someone he couldn’t see, but he assumed it was Judy.
After a minute, Judy emerged. Her hair was pulled out of her face with a clip, and it looked disheveled like she had just woken up.
Judy’s eyes found Ron as she descended the steps. There was uncertainty in her eyes as she approached him.
“Beta,” she greeted, glancing around. “Where’s Alpha Levi?”
He knew that she was expecting Levi to be there as well, considering he was urging her to join his Elite Force. So why wouldn’t he be here to see it happen for himself?
“He couldn’t make it,” Ron settled on. “I’ve come on his behalf. We have your condo ready and information regarding your first day. This is one of the Gamma warriors on your Elite Force Team, and he’ll help get you settled in and prepared for your first day.”
Judy nodded, glancing up at his nephew. There was a flicker of recognition in her eyes, but it went away just as quickly.
Like a boy who’s reading a script, Ron’s nephew smiles down at Judy.
“It’s good to see you, Judy. I’m sure you’re going to do great. We are pleased to have you join our pack,” he stated, his smile never wavering. Judy frowned at him, a wariness in her gaze that Ron noticed.
“Uh, thanks,” she said to him. “But word of advice, you don’t gotta try so hard. You sound like you’re reading a script. I’m just a simple girl who wants to fit in, and I could really use some friends right off the bat. So, maybe you can just be real with me and don’t try so hard.” 2
Her eyes were hopeful, and Ron held his breath, not sure what his nephew was going to say. But to his surprise, his nephew physically relaxed, and a relieved smile spread across his face.
“You’re right, that was totally fake,” he laughed, running a hand through his hair. “Truth is… most here are terrified of you. I mean, you won the competition, so you’re kind of a badass… but also, there are guys here who are intimidated by you. So, you should be careful.”
“I think I can handle myself,” Judy said with a grin. “So, are we heading to my Condo, now?”
“Yes,” Spencer said, snapping back to the present moment. “To your Condo.” 1
She nodded and started towards the car.
“It’s really nice to me you.. Uh…” she trails off when she realizes she didn’t catch his name.
“Spencer,” he fills in. “My name is Spencer.”
###Take 626
Chapter 626 
Gavin’s POV
Just as I stepped out of Judy’s condo, I nearly ran smack into another figure. I narrowed my eyes at the sudden delay, only to realize that it was Luna Lucy. Her eyes were wide as if I was the one who startled her.
I didn’t have time for her antics right now; I needed to find Judy. I had a knot in the pit of my stomach telling me that something was wrong, and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t bite back that feeling.
I walked around Lucy and started towards my car; I could feel Lucy following me, her steps hurried as she rushed to keep up.
“She’s not home?” she asked once she was at my side.
“Nope,” I said, ending the conversation before it began.
“Let me help you look for her, Alpha,” Lucy rushed out. “She’s my friend…”
“You should have stopped her from leaving if you were her friend,” I spat before I could stop myself. I was on thin ice, and I knew that; just because I was Lycan, didn’t mean I could trample on people whenever I wanted, especially not on someone else’s territory. There were still rules in place, and I was willing to break each and every single one of them if it meant having Judy back in my arms where she belonged.
“That’s not on me!” Lucy said, an anger sparked to life. “I tried to get her to stop, but she was devastated over something that you apparently did. Her leaving has nothing to do with me and everything to do with you. I’m not sure what you did to her, but-
Before I could stop myself, my hand was around Lucy’s throat.
“I don’t care if you are the Luna of this pack, you don’t speak to me like that,” I said through my teeth, my wolf pushing his powers out, making my aura that much
stronger.
Her eyes were wide, and her body trembled.
Before she could start gasping for breath, I released and turned towards my car. I knew once word of that got back to Sampson, hell would break loose.
“You’re right,” Lucy croaked, rubbing her sore neck. “I was a terrible friend… I never told her about Spencer’s undying obsession with her. I shouldn’t have let him take her, but I don’t think he’s going ot hurt her…” 
My entire body went frigid. Just as I reached my car, I forced myself to turn around and look at this woman.
“What do you mean by obsession?” I asked her, trying to keep both myself and my wolf calm. “What aren’t you telling me?”
Lucy swallowed, her eyes brimming with crocodile tears.
“Ever since the Gamma Competition…”
“He was in the competition?” I cut her off with my own question, my tone sharp and cutting through like a knife.
“No, but he goes every year to support the competition,” she explained. “The second he saw Judy, he fell in love with her. She was all he could talk about. When he found out she was coming to this pack, he was over the moon excited… a little too much, honestly. It was unsettling, but they quickly became friends.” 
My blood was fucking boiling.
Who the fuck did this asshole think he was… trying to take what was mine.
Mine. 
My wolf hummed his agreement, and I felt something spark to life inside of me. Judy was fucking mine. I wasn’t letting anyone take her from me. She was mine to hold… mine to kiss… mine to fuck… mine to love.
“I need to know where he is before I tear down this entire pack looking for him,” I said as my teeth started to elongate; my wolf was close to breaking through the surface and I was trying hard to keep him pulled back so he didn’t do something we’d both end up regretting… like starting a war, or killing someone innocent.
“We can check his house,” Lucy was quick to say. “He lives with just his grandmother. She’s a sweet old lady who upkeeps a little farm behind their house. If he’s not there, I’m sure she’ll have a bit of insight on where he could have gone.”
There was much more time to think twice about it, so I nodded, motioning for the car.
“Get in and tell me where she lives,” I said as I pulled open the driver’s door.
She was quick to get into the passenger side. She directed us to Spencer’s house, and within a few minutes, we were pulling into the driveway. It unsettled me with how close he lived to Judy, but then again, this was a very small pack.
I got out of the car, slamming the door shut behind me as I walked towards the house.
I didn’t smell any signs of Judy, and my wolf wasn’t sensing her. Then again, it could be because of the masking spray, but I’d like to think I would be able to feel it
if she were in this area. 
An old woman stood outside, watering some plants in her front garden.
“Carol,” Lucy greeted the woman; the woman, Carol, turned and then smiled warmly when she saw Lucy. 
1/3
Chrter 525
“Oh, hello child,” Carol said, accepting Lucy’s embrace. “I wasn’t expecting a visit from the Luna today.”
“Sorry, I haven’t been by in a while. Things have been kind of hectic,” Lucy tells her with a small frown.
###Take 627
Chapter 627 
Carol’s expression softened as she patted Lucy’s cheek.
“Oh, I know, Dear. My grandson comes home at late hours and always looks so tired,” she sighed. “You know if there’s anything you need, I’m here. I might be old, but I can still fight.”
I realized that this old woman wore a gamma tattoo proudly on her arm, and I raised my brows. She was a gamma warrior?
“I don’t doubt that,” Lucy giggled before straightening up, following the sound of my throat clearing loudly. There was no time for small talk or catching up an old friend; I needed to find Judy. “Speaking of your grandson, is he home?”
She shook her head, a small frown marring her wrinkled features. Her eyes finally found mine, and I saw the nerves clouding her vision. 
“Is everything okay?” She asked, her eyes fixed back on Lucy’s face. “With Spencer, I mean?”
Lucy looked over her shoulder at me and then turned back to Carol.
“We aren’t sure,” she admitted. “But it’s better if we find him sooner or later. He took off with someone, and we need to find her.” 
Her brow furrows. 
“He left with a woman?” She asked. “Oh heavens… please tell me it wasn’t Judy Montague.”
with
Did everyone in this pack know of his obsession with Judy and not think for a second that she should know about it? Or maybe Judy did know about it and just didn’t
care.
The thought made me feel sick to my stomach, but I pushed the bile down and narrowed my eyes at Carol.
“We need to know where he could have brought her. She’s not at home and she’s not here. Is there anywhere else he would have taken her?” I asked, my tone leaving no room for arguments.
She stared at me for a moment, probably weighing her options and trying to figure out my intentions.
“You have to promise me you won’t hurt him,” she said slowly. She’s the first person, besides Judy, who can look me directly in the eyes while my Lycan aura radiates so strongly. She must be an incredibly powerful wolf.
“I can’t promise that,” I say honestly. “If he touched her… if she’s hurt in any way, your grandson’s blood will be on my hands. But if you cooperate, I’ll try to make it less painful and quicker. That’s the best you’re going to get.”
I didn’t have time to feel bad; she winced at my words, and Lucy stared at me with her mouth agape like she couldn’t believe I just said that to an old woman
Caroi swallowed, and I knew from the look in her eyes that she wasn’t going to argue with me, so she nodded.
“He had a cabin 10 miles south of here,” she said slowly. “It’s in the rogue district. If you follow the road to the fork and then go down the pathway, accessible by car, on the right side of the road. A mile in, you’ll find a gathering of trees that almost look like a wall. Drive around it and you’ll find a cabin hidden in the darkest corner away from the eyes of the road. It’s his hideout.”
“He has a hideout in the rogue district?” Lucy asked, raising her brows.
She nodded.
“He found it when he was a little boy. He ran off after a particularly bad fight with his parents. He needed space and was gone before anyone could blink. Apparently, he made it to the rogue district, and he fought off all of them, scaring them away from that section. He was young, but fierce and powerful, and they knew it right away. Though he was too young to have a wolf, he had been a trained fighter his whole young life and was exceptionally skilled. Phis, they knew better than to mess with someone from a pack, so that helped as well. They left that cabin and that area alone ever since.” 
“How do you know about this?” I asked skeptically. “Are you sure this place is real?” 
She nodded.
“Yes, he showed me himself. I was against it at first, obviously, but I saw how at ease he was compared to when he’s home with his parents. Who was I to take that away from him? Everyone needs an escape…. the cabin was his.” 
“And you think he brought Judy to this cabin?” I asked.
‘If he’s not at her place or here… then yes. That’s the only other place he’d think to go,” she replied.
just as I was about to turn and head towards the cabin, I heard screaming from a distance, followed by growling, Gunshots went off, and the sounds of shifting roamed through the streets, reaching my ears in seconds.
“What’s going on?” Lucy asked.
I looked around, smelling something that made my stomach coil. I heard more gunshots and more shifting; there was screaming and running going on all around us, though we could barely see anything through the gunpowder and dirt that was filling the pack
“Holy shit,” Carol whispered, her eyes wide as she pointed in the distance.
I tumed, and my eyes narrowed when I saw what she was looking at.
CASH 12T
Rogues.
They were all running towards the pack.
And there was a shit ton of them.
###Take 628
Chapter 628 
Judy’s POV
I could hear the shower from the living room. Spencer excused himself to shower, leaving me alone for the time being. There were no TVs, probably because there was no cable this deep in the forest, but there were a ton of books. I didn’t know Spencer was a reader; we never really talked about it these last couple of weeks. (1)
After going through some of the books on his shelf, I decided to go into the kitchen to grab a drink of water. I hadn’t realized how parched ! was until that very moment. But my throat was dry, probably from how much I was crying. I stepped into the modernly updated kitchen, surprised by how spacious and beautiful it was. It didn’t look like a kitchen in a cabin, but a kitchen in a loving home.
As I walked around the granite counter island to get to the fridge, I accidently brushed against Spencer’s coat, which was sprawled on top of the counter, landing it on the ground. I quickly grabbed it and was about to place it back on the counter when something fell out of his pocket.
I frowned down at the masking spray.
Masking spray isn’t supposed to leave the pack ground without the Alpha’s permission; he could have accidently put it in his pocket and brought it with him. It wasn’t unlikely that he’d forget about it, so I put the masking spray back into his pocket, which is when my fingers brushed across something else.
It was a piece of paper. Against my better judgment, I pulled the paper out of his pocket and unfolded it, furrowing my brows when I saw that they were coordinates.
Coordinates for what?
I tried to think back; the coordinates were somewhat familiar, but I didn’t have enough time to analyze them too closely.
I heard the shower turning off and movement coming from the bathroom around the corner, and I knew I needed to put this stuff away before he caught me snooping. I grabbed a sticky note off the fridge and a pen out of the pen cup. I scribbled down the coordinates on the sticky and shoved it into my bra. Just as I heard the bathroom door opening, I shoved the original coordinate paper back into Spencer’s coat pocket.
“What are you doing with my coat?” Spencer asked, frowning as he walked into the kitchen.
“Oh, I accidently knocked it down,” I confessed. “I was just picking it back up. Sorry.”
He nodded and reached for his coat.
“It’s fine. So, are you hungry? I can make some food,” he suggested, placing his coat on the back of the dining chair before turning to face me, a smile lighting up his boyish features. Now that he was showered and changed out of his gamma uniform, he looked more like the friend I was starting to know.
He wore a plain T–shirt and a pair of shorts that rested at his knees. Spencer admittedly had a nice body, but it only brought me back to Gavin, who had the body of a God. I don’t think anyone could ever be as good as him, and my cheeks flushed at the very thought.
“I could eat,” I tell him.
He nodded and walked around the kitchen island to reach the fridge. He started to pull out ingredients, and my brows raised. I imagined he would make something frozen, so this was a surprising turn of events.
“You cook?” I asked him as he laid out the ingredients.
He grinned.
“I make some pretty mean dishes,” he told me with a slight shrug. “I’m making risotto. It’s my grandmother’s recipe.”
“Did she teach you how to cook?” I asked, trying to make conversation to distract myself.
“Yeah, she always said a way to a woman’s heart is through her stomach,” he said with a light chuckle. “She said she wanted to teach me to cook so I don’t die alone.”
I laughed.
“Your grandmother is a wise woman,” I tell him. I’ve met her a couple of times, and she’s the sweetest. She always has home–cooked meals prepared and baked goods that make her entire small home smell incredible. Spencer’s grandmother wasn’t just his, she was everybody’s. She shined a light on the pack, and everyone could feel it. I’m honored to have met her, and the heart of this pack.
‘She’s one of the best,” Spencer agreed with a thoughtful smile. But I didn’t miss the lingering darkness that flashed through them, and it made me frown. It was almost like a dark thought that had crossed his mind.
At that moment, I wondered what he was thinking.
“She’s lucky to have someone like you to take care of her,” I tell him. “I know things haven’t been easy after your parents died.”
###Take 629
Chapter 629
1 knew very little of Spencer’s life before I arrived at the pack, he’s kind of a closed book despite our close friendship. But I have heard that his grandmother basically raised him after his parents passed away. He was only a young boy at the time, and whatever happened, it shaped who he was as a person.
Deciding to change the subject, I said, “Well, I guess I’ll be the judge of your cooking, and I’ll let you know if it’s good enough to snag a lady.”
He grinned, the tension between us seeming to loosen.
I watched as he cooked; I sat at the island counter, watching how serious he was when he cut the ingredients on the cutting board.
“We should head back to the pack tomorrow,” I tell him, breaking the silence that started to consume us. “I don’t want to be away too long. I just needed some space from everything.”
I fully plan on resolving things with Gavin; I was hurt by what he had said to me earlier, but at the end of the day, I knew in my heart what I had to do. It was going to be hard, though, because I didn’t want to say goodbye to the friends I’ve made in this pack.
My wolf whimpered inside of me, being away from Gavin was tough on her, and I felt bad. There was also a lingering unease deep within her… or maybe it was deep within me? I couldn’t quite tell where this unease was coming from, but it was itching for me to return to the pack. I realized I didn’t have my beeper or gamma phone on me, and suddenly, I was feeling a bit detached from the others.
I knew that they wouldn’t call me for anything now that Sampson knew of my pregnancy, but I’d at least still feel like part of the team, and I’d be able to read the group texts as they came through.
“Yeah,” Spencer said without looking at me. “If you think you’re ready, we can return tomorrow.”
“I just needed the night to think about things,” I told him. “I needed space from everyone. I appreciate you for sharing your special place with me.”
He nodded, his face unreadable as he continued to cook.
“Of course,” he said, a forced smile on his lips.
Why was he giving me a forced smile suddenly? Had I said something to upset him?
By the time he finished cooking, the entire kitchen smelled incredible. My mouth was watering as he passed a plate of food in my direction. He grabbed himself a plate as well and sat beside me,
“I hope it tastes okay,” he said, a little shyly, which I found kind of adorable.
“It smells delicious,” I tell him reassuringly as I scoop up some of the risotto and bring it to my lips.
I wrapped my lips around the spoon, closing my eyes as the taste exploded in my mouth. I couldn’t help the moan that escaped my lips, completely unaware that Spencer was watching me with wide eyes.

“This is divine,” I tell him, going for another spoonful. I wiggled in my seat, a little happy dance from this incredible food that my mouth was being gifted with.
I don’t miss the small blush that decorates Spencer’s nose and cheeks.
“I’m glad you like it,” he said softly, his eyes never leaving my mouth as my lips wrapped around the spoon again.
“Aren’t you going to eat?” I asked, once I realized his food remained untouched, and he seemed almost frozen in place as he watched me eat.
He blinked a few times, and it looked as if I had just slapped him. He cleared his throat and glanced at his place.
“Yeah,” he murmured, spooning some of the food and bringing it to his mouth.
We continued to eat in silence, and the longer the silence stretched, the more anxiety I started to feel. Once we were done, Spencer grabbed both plates and started to clean.
“Guest room is the first door on the right,” he tells me from over his shoulder. “It has its own bathroom too. I built it myself. Feel free to shower or whatever. You should get some rest, too.”
I nodded as I slid off the stool.
“Thanks, Spencer,” I tell him sincerely. “I honestly appreciate it.”
I turned at that moment and started towards the guest room, my mind rattling and my belly full. I put my hands on my stomach, feeling a warmth spread out from my fingertips.
And then a pending dread fell over me… a feeling I couldn’t quite explain.
But as I walked into the guest room, the only thought I could think was, “Am I really willing to walk away from my baby’s father?”
###Take 630
Chapter 630
Judy’s POV
After dinner, I walked into the guest room, feeling relieved to have a bit of solitude. As much as I enjoy Spencer’s company and I’m glad to have a friend with me, it was also nice to be alone so I could gather all my thoughts. That pending sense of dread stayed with me, and it was messing with my wolf as well. I didn’t like how either of us was feeling in that moment, and I assumed it was because she was missing Gavin.
I hated to admit that I was missing him, too. Having sex with him last night after being away from him his touch for a couple of months and not even being in his close proximity for a couple of weeks, it made me crave him in a way that I never craved another person before.
My body remembered every touch, every scent, every taste of that man, and all I wanted was to wrap myself around him and never let
go.
I shouldn’t want him the way I do… not after how he spoke to me earlier and embarrassed me in front of Sampson. But I do want him… more than words could ever express.
I was pathetic.
It shouldn’t be this hard… if two people wanted to be together, then they should be together. But I was certain if Gavin truly wanted to be with me or if he was going to be with me out of obligation because he now knows that I’m pregnant. 2
I hated feeling like this, and I needed to distract myself or get some sleep before I drove myself crazy.
I didn’t have a change of clothes or even pajamas to change into. I wasn’t really planning on going anywhere other than my little condo.
I walked into the bathroom, surprised at how gorgeous it looked. I couldn’t believe that Spencer built this with his own two hands. I knew he did it by himself, too, because nobody other than his grandmother knew about this cabin.
I turned on the shower, relishing in the warm steam that radiated around the bathroom. I let out a sigh of relief. This is exactly what I
needed: a shower.
A
I stripped out of my clothes, frowning when the sticky note fell to the floor once I unhooked my bra. I almost forgot that it was there. I snatched it off the ground and glanced at them. Now that I was alone, I could analyze them a little more. My father taught me how to read coordinates at a young age, and that skill became useful when I started training to be a gamma warrior.
As I studied the coordinates, naked in the steam–filled bathroom, I realized they sounded very familiar. Like I’ve seen these before. I tried to think back to when I saw these coordinates last, but my mind was a bit foggy.
Furrowing my brows, I placed them on the counter and stepped into the shower. Maybe I just needed to clear my head a little more before I studied the coordinates again.
The shower felt incredible. I used the shampoo and conditioner left in the shower, wondering who they belonged to, only briefly. They were the scent of roses, and it made me feel calm. I washed my hair, and then I washed my body. For a long while, I just stood under the hot stream of water, allowing it to soak over my body and soothe away the anxiety that lingered in the darkest corner of my soul.
The coordinates flashed through my mind again as I closed my eyes. The memory of being picked up at the private airport when I first arrived in this region came to mind. I was picked up by Ron and Spencer. I sat in the back seat while they sat in the front seat. The GPS was on display on the car’s touch screen system, and I remembered watching the screen as we got closer to the pack. I remembered glancing at the coordinates once we arrived at the pack and realized that’s why I’ve seen them before. The coordinates on the sticky note were the coordinates of the pack. But why would he have that written down? Was he giving someone directions to the pack?
I couldn’t think of a reason why he would have those coordinates written down, and my mind was whirling with anxiety. My wolf was uneasy about the situation, and I couldn’t blame her; it was strange. I stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around myself.
I used the brush on the counter to brush out my hair and tie it into a messy bun on top of my head. I then put my bra and panties back on, not bothering to put the rest of my clothes on.
###Take 631
Chapter 631
I stepped out of the bathroom and froze when I saw a mug on the nightstand with an assortment of sweeteners. It wasn’t there earlier when I first walked into this room. I glanced in the mug, and it was tea.
I put some sugar in the tea, knowing Spencer must have put it in here for me. He was thoughtful, and it warmed my heart knowing I had a friend like him in my corner.
1
As I sipped the tea, I walked towards the window. My eyes traveled to where the Redcliff pack was… or at least the direction of the pack. We were about 10 miles away, so I couldn’t see it, but there was still a strange pull towards it.
Maybe I was just tired… actually… I was getting really tired. I took another long sip of the tea and let out a yawn. My eyes were drooping to a point where keeping them open was an impossible task. 4
My wolf clawed inside me, sensing something was seriously wrong. She howled desperately, wanting to get back to the pack.
Then, something in the far distance caught my eye; I frowned.
Was that a fire?
My eyes scanned the surroundings; the fire was quite a distance away, but that wasn’t what caught my attention. My eyes found another pair of eyes, staring at me in the forest, and a bone–chilling feeling crept up my spine. 2
A rogue?
My eyes were blurry from how drowsy I was suddenly getting, and my heart rate started to pick up. I took a step backward, breathing started to pick up. Something was wrong… both my wolf and I knew it.
and
my
Suddenly, I couldn’t stand on my own two feet anymore. Suddenly, my weight was almost too much.
I fell to the ground, the mug slipping from my fingers and crashing to the ground. I heard footsteps outside the bedroom door, and I knew it was Spencer.
Relief flooded me when he opened the door; I couldn’t open my mouth to say anything; my tongue felt like it weighed a hundred pounds, and I couldn’t speak. I looked up at him through my hazy eyes and stared back at me with a look of indifference. My brows furrowed.
Did he see what was happening to me?
Was he going to help me?
His eyes narrowed as he stared at me; he bent down to me, his hand reaching out to tuck a strand of hair behind my ear. His touch lingered on my cheek for a bit too long. His touch felt wrong and tainted; I tried to wiggle away from him, but I couldn’t move my body. I was completely paralyzed.
It was taking everything I had in me to keep consciousness. But even I could feel the weakening state of my body, the fight leaving me despite my wolf’s desperation to break free and get me out of this situation. I can still shift; at least until I’m about 4 months pregnant, I can. So, my wolf would be able to get me out of here, but she was also preoccupied with keeping our pup safe, and shifting worried her. I could feel her conflict, and my heart was pounding against my ribcage.
He reached his hand out to me again, his fingers tracing my jawline.
“So, fucking beautiful,” he whispered. “Soon, you’re going to be mine, Judy Montague.”
I wanted to ask him what the fuck he was talking about; his grin was terrifying.
川
“It took a lot of work to get you here, you know. To get to this point. I’m glad we are finally together, though, and now that I have you, I’m not planning on letting you go.”
He lowered himself so his lips were at my ear; an unsettled chill crept up my spine, and I wanted to pull away again, but my body wouldn’t listen.
“You’re a fighter,” he whispered. “Aren’t you a little tired? Close your eyes, baby
a pack for us to return to.‘
My heart sank to my stomach.
The fire that I saw.
.get some sleep. By tomorrow, there isn’t going to be
1/3
Was that coming from the pack?
Panic started to consume me. What the fuck did Spencer do? Oh Goddess… Gavin…
His grin grew even wider when he saw the panic in my eyes.
“Don’t worry… I won’t hurt you. I just wanted you sedated until the pack is gone. This time tomorrow, we’ll be on the road and leaving to start a new life… I love you, Judy, and I’m not going to let you go. You’re mine.”
And with that, the fight in me shattered, and darkness clouded my vision.
I lost the fight.
But I wasn’t going to lose the battle.
###Take 632
Chapter 632
Gavin’s POV
Spencer’s grandmother was dead.
The rogues had killed her.
I pulled my gun out so I could be armed while I escorted Lucy back to the packhouse unharmed. Thankfully, the packhouse wasn’t too far away. However, the damage happening around the pack was escalating at a fast rate. There were bombs being ignited, destroying homes and buildings. Lives were being lost all around me, and the most I could do was shoot my weapon a couple of times. I needed to get Lucy to safety, but above anything else, I needed to find Judy. 1
A woman covered in blood and burn marks ran to me with tears in her eyes. She grabbed at my foot, begging me to help her. Before I could react, a rogue attacked her, knocking her off balance. The wolf sank his big teeth into her fragile neck, and she screamed out in agony.
Lucy reached out to help her, but I grabbed her arm, pulling her away, and then I shot the woman in the head, aiming to end her pain. Then, I shot the rogue. Lucy gasped, her hands flying to her mouth and tears spilling down her cheeks. I grabbed her arm, pulling her along with me. I shot whatever rogues lunged at me, but for the most part, they were preoccupied terrorizing the other packmates and destroying anything they came into contact with. I shuddered as I watched the pack fall; the rogues laughing like hyenas, making me recoil and bile rise in my throat.
We reached the packhouse just as Sampson was leaving with a group of his Gammas. When his eyes fell on Lucy, relief washed over him. He ran to her, wrapping her in his arms and kissing her face like he was afraid he’d never see her again.
“You have no idea how worried I was. Where did you run off to? You know the rules, Lucy,” he started to reprimand, but his voice held no malice. He was just relieved that his mate was okay.
“What’s going on? How are there so many rogues that breached our borders?” Lucy asked as tears fell down her cheeks. I, too, wanted to know the answer to that question; I had never seen anything like it before.
“That’s what I’m trying to figure out. Marlo’s team was supposed to be on patrol on and around the borders today. He told me that he had people perched outside the border and within the borders, while others searched the perimeter. There shouldn’t have been any breaches. Our security system was shut down too.”
“What?” Lucy gasped, covering her mouth, horror on her face.
“Have you tried to reach out to Marlo?” I asked impatiently. “And what about Judy? Have you heard from her?”
Sampson shook his head.
“She wasn’t home?” Sampson asked.
“No,” I replied. “I need to find her above anything else right now.”
Sampson nodded, turning to one of his gammas.
“Take Lucy inside and keep her safe,” he ordered.
“I don’t want to leave you,” Lucy said, panicked.
Sampson cupped her face in his hands.
“I need you to be safe, my love. I will come for you when it’s safe. I promise…” he assured her, kissing her forehead.
She shook her head stubbornly.
“I won’t be okay if you aren’t okay,” she whispered. “Please, let me come with you.”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t risk it. Go with him and get to safety. I’ll come back for you,” he assured her again.
Reluctantly, she left with the gamma; I looked around at the chaos. This pack was falling apart quickly.
“I need to find Marlo and find out what happened at the borders that allowed this,” Sampson told me.
I needed to find Judy; I wasn’t going to spend any more time here if Judy wasn’t here. Carol mentioned something about a cabin 10 miles from the pack. The directions she gave were engraved in my head. I shifted into my wolf, passing control onto him because I knew he’d be able to find Judy. Now that we were in the same region as her, there was no way he was letting her go again. (1
###Take 633
Chapter 633
He couldn’t catch her scent, probably because she was still wearing the masking spray, but for some reason, my wolf was on a mission to a certain location. He started to run through the mass of rogues, fighting and biting his way through. By the time we reached the pack lines, his fur was matted with blood. My wolf and I didn’t care, though. There was a strong pull, like the universe was guiding me right to Judy. We were running so fast that everything around us was nothing more than a blur.
I could hear gunshots in the distance behind me as the battle continued. I saw flames invading the tree lines, and howls of pain surfaced. The pack was falling under, and there were no signs of Alpha Levi. I wondered if he was alerted to the situation in one of his packs. As a Lycan, he could get here in minutes if he wanted.
The thought pissed me off.
He was neglecting this pack, and it was obvious during my short time here.
I wasn’t sure how long I was running for; I mindlinked my warriors and told them to help to the best of their abilities. I was relieved when they confirmed that they were all still alive and doing their best to shut down the situation. Though with the amount of rogues that were released into this pack, I feared I might lose some men today.
I cursed myself for sending Taylor back to the Silver Crescent pack; he would have been a good asset to this fight, not that I knew it was going to happen.
Soon, a cabin came into view, and I internally praised my wolf for finding it without a problem. Dread fell upon me as we approached the cabin; it looked so dark and run down, but there was no mistaking the car parked out back… it was Spencer’s. [1
He had to have been here, and Judy must be here as well. Just as I got closer to the front door, ready to barge through it, I was attacked by a rogue that came out of nowhere. It seemed as if they were nearby and keeping an eye on the property.
More came out of nowhere and started to attack me as well, but my wolf was bigger and much stronger than any of these rogues. Within minutes, I had each of their heads ripped off their bodies and bleeding out on the ground. I left a path of rogues behind me as I ran towards the cabin.
My wolf was furious, and the closer we got, the more he could feel Judy’s fading energy. We burst through the door just as Spencer came around the corner, his hands up to show that he wasn’t armed. His eyes were wide, and he looked terrified.
My wolf growled at him fiercely, and he looked like he was about to wet himself. He was a sad excuse for a Gamma. He was weak, and I wanted to break him. My wolf relaxed and allowed me full control again after I urged him back. I wanted to speak with him before I killed him.
I shifted back into my human form, not caring that I was completely naked. Nudity wasn’t a big deal amongst shifters, and Spencer makes no notice that I’m naked. But he did look extremely nervous that I was there anyway.
“Where is she?” I asked, my tone was nothing but a growl; my wolf teetering on the edge.
“I… I don’t know who-”
“Don’t lie to me,” I bit out, my tone so loud that it made him flinch. “Where is she?”
He was shaking where he stood, and his eyes darted around, probably looking for a way out of hoping someone would show up to save him.
“Your rogue guards are dead,” I said through my teeth, stepping closer to him. I was taller than he, so he had to look up to stare back at me, his eyes wide with fear. Knowing that he was found, and his rogues outside the door were dead, Spencer had nothing left… no defeat. He knew he wouldn’t stand a chance against a Lycan.
###Take 634
Chapter 634
“I just… I just wanted to be with her…” he whispered. “My uncle… he… he promised me I’d be her hero if I could just keep her safe from the rogue attack…”
“Your uncle?” I asked. “Who the fuck is your uncle”
“Beta Ron,” Spencer stammered, the information spilling out of him like a broken faucet. “Alpha Levi’s Beta… he’s my uncle. He told me that if I wanted Judy, then I had to do what they said…so I did…I got her away from the pack just before the attack… I kept her safe…”
“You’re telling me Alpha Levi had something to do with this rogue attack?” I asked, my eyes narrowed.
“Y…yes,” Spencer stammered. “He told me that no harm would come to me or Judy… but I had to get Judy away. They wanted me to leave some coordinates for the pack location around the forest a couple of weeks ago, and then they told me on this day, I had to get Judy away from the pack because something big was coming. I was just doing what I was told…” 1
I gripped his throat, stopping him from speaking as I lifted him off the ground.
“Tell me where the fuck she is,” I said through my teeth. My Lycan aura was shining through, and I could see in his eyes that he was having trouble resisting it.
His eyes darted to one of the closed doors nearby. Without taking my hands off him, I walked out of the door and pulled it open, stopping when I saw Judy asleep on the bed. Her breathing was faint, and her sleep wasn’t natural.
“What did you do to her?” I asked, a growl biting my tone and making me even fiercer.
He struggled against my hold as my hand tightened around his throat. His eyes darted to the nightstand. I walked towards it, grabbing it and bringing it to my eyes.
“You roofied her?” I asked, disbelief marring my vision.
Panic struck me; he gave Judy a drug, and it could have not only put her in danger, but also our unborn pup. Fury rose within me and my wolf all but snapped as anger consumed him.
“I… I’m sorry” he tried to rasp out. I slammed him against the wall before he could finish that sentence.
“How dare you drug what is mine!!!” I growled fiercely. “You harmed not only Judy, but our pup as well!!”
My voice was unusually deep as my wolf took charge.
His eyes widened in shock; it was clear he had no idea that she was pregnant, and a part of me felt relieved that she didn’t share that part of herself with him.
“I…I didn’t know…” he tried to gasp out; my wolf’s claws elongated as my grip on his throat tightened. His eyes bulged out of his head as he tried to grab my hand, silently begging me to loosen my grip, but it only made me tighten it. “It… it won’t…. it won’t happen again,” he gasped.
I smirked as my grip tightened one last time, the sound of his neck snapping echoed through the room.
“You’re right,” I say, as I let his body fall to the ground. “It won’t.” (7)
###Take 635
Chapter 635 
Gavin’s POV
“Judy baby, wake up…” I pleaded as I wrapped my arms around her still form.
She was breathing thankfully, but I wasn’t sure what state she was in. I wasn’t sure how the baby took to the drug that this asshole had given her. I knew I needed to get her to the emergency room right away. I ran my fingers through her damp hair; she had been sweating like she had a fever.
A small whimper escaped her lips, making my heart stutter. I could still hear the battle at the pack happening, and I knew I couldn’t take her back there. I wrapped her up in the blanket and looked back at Spencer’s dead body. For right now, safe. The rogues that were guarding this cabin are dead, and the monster who took her here was also dead.
she was
I sent a mindlink to one of my gammas.
“Greggor,” I said into the mindlink.
After a minute of waiting, Greggor finally responded.
“Yes, Alpha?”
I sighed in relief knowing he was alive.
“Progress report,” I demanded.
“Silver Crescent warriors are all alive. It seems most of the rogues had either run out of or are dead. The pack is in ruins…” he replied, sounding breathless, even in his mind.
“And the Redcliff packmates?” I asked, my voice filled with dread.
There was a pause before he replied.
“It’s not looking good, Alpha,” he said softly. “There are so many who died during this attack. Sampson is going around trying
to recover survivors, but there aren’t many. The packhouse itself wasn’t touched, so most who were able to escape there are alive
“” 
I nodded, though I knew he couldn’t see me.
“Do you have your phone on you?”
“Yes, Alpha.”
“I’m going to send you some coordinates, and I need you to get here as soon as possible,” I ordered.
“Of course.”
I ended the mindlink and pulled out my phone from my pocket. I hadn’t realized that Taylor called me a few times, and I frowned, my brows furrowed. Something must have happened for him to call me so many times in a row. It was during the rogue attack, too; suddenly, I’m worried rogues are attacking one of my packs as welk
Topened up my recent chat with Greggor and sent him the coordinates for the cabin. I knew he’d be able to find us from that alone. I then brought up Taylor’s contact and called him. I needed to find out what was going on back home, and also, I needed him to get a couple of planes to take usjand the gammas home later this evening, because there was no way in hell I was going to stay in this pack with Judy any longer. We were going home… tonight.
Alpha,” Taylor said as he spoke into the phone; he knew this call was all business.
“I need two planes to get here tonight. We are heading home as soon as possible,” I tell him before he can say anything more.
“I’ll get them to you soon,” Taylor said. “But we have a problem.
“I could tell from the amount of times you’ve called me. What happened? Are my packs okay?”
Chapter 635
“For right now, yes,” he said, a hesitancy in his voice.
+25 BONUS 
“Taylor, spit it out. What the fuck is going on?” I didn’t have any patience for this, and I needed him to start speaking before I lost my fucking mind.
“There’s been a security breach,” he told me. “I’m not sure how happened. But it seems we have an eternal spy through the database. Information from our personal database is being leaked our border security system has been shut down, and because half our gammas are in the Redcliff pack with you, we are lacking right now if there were to be an attack we can’t see coming. Also… Ethan and Sammy are still here, like they are waiting for something. They are trying to hide out, but one of the gammas spotted them in the city.”
Dread fell upon me; something was happening, and I wasn’t there to stop it. In the decades that my business has been open, we’ve never had security issues like this, especially while I was away… it almost seemed preplanned. It seems that the two incidents are somehow connected.
“Pull Gammas from other packs if needed,” I ordered. “I want every inch of that border covered by the time I get there. And get me those planes.”
I hung up before he could say anything more.
“Gavin…” I heard Judy’s soft voice breathing from the bed. I looked at her and saw that her eyes were fluttering open before they closed again. “What…what’s going on?” Her voice was barely above a whisper.
I pressed my hand against her cheek so I could feel her temperature, and so she could feel that I was right there with her.
“I’m right here, baby,” I said to her, trying to keep my voice steady and under control, but even I could hear the hints of anger and fear. “You’re safe now…”
###Take 636
Her brows furrowed, though her eyes were still closed.
“Safe?” She whispered weakly.
I lowered myself down to her and pressed a soft kiss against her lips before pulling back.
“I’m never letting anything like this happen to you again. You have my word, Judy. You have my protection until your last breath,” I nuzzled my nose against the nape of her neck, inhaling her scent. My wolf was purring with contentment, though there was lingering worry, both for Judy and our pup. I placed my hand on her still flat belly. “And our pups too… I will always protect them.” 1
Her eyes fluttered open again; her eyes were hazy, and I knew she was having trouble seeing me through her groggy state. She was so strong, fighting the roofie, trying to keep herself awake. My heart fluttered at the sight of my strong warrior woman.
“Spencer…” she whispered.
“I know,” I said before she could continue. “Spencer isn’t an issue anymore.”
I stared down at his dead body.
“Our baby…” she whispered.
We’re going to go to the hospital and make sure the baby is okay. You have nothing to worry about,” I assured her, pressing a soft kiss to her forehead.
Before she could say anything else, the front door opened.
“Alpha?” Greggor said from the living room.
“In here,” I called out to him, giving him permission to enter.
Judy’s brows furrowed as she tried to lift her head, but her body still wouldn’t function properly because of the drug.
“Is that Greggor?” She whispered weakly.
I nodded.
“Yeah, he’s here to keep an eye on you until you are well enough to walk on your own.‘
“Keep an eye on me?” She asked her voice a bit stronger than it had been. “Where are you going?”
“I need to return to Redcliff and find out what’s happening. I need to check on my warriors and to make sure it’s safe…”
“Let me come with you. I can-”
“You can barely sit up,” I told her, stopping her words. “You are still weak from the drug that asshole gave you. I need you to be safe, Judy… I need you to remain here.”
“What happened at the pack?” She asked, worry lingering in her tone. “I saw fire right before I…” Her words trailed off as the memory returned to her, and then her eyes grew wide and more focused. “The tea…” she whispered hoarsely. “He drugged it… Spencer tried to-”
“It’s over, baby,” I told her, cupping her face in my hands. “He’s not going to hurt you. You’re safe now. It’s okay…”
Her breathing slowed as she stared up at me, tears filling her eyes.
“He had coordinates in his pocket,” she whispered. Her eyes darted to the bathroom. “I left them in the bathroom. But he had coordinates, and I think they were to the pack.”
I stood and went to the bathroom just as Greggor walked into the room. He looked around awkwardly, and when his eyes landed on Judy, they grew wide. I hadn’t told him what to expect when arriving at the cabin, and I’m sure Judy was the last person he 
expected to see right now.
“J…Judy? What’s going on?” He asked, stepping further into the room.
“I was drugged,” I heard her explaining. “I’m still too weak to actually move my body. I think it was a roofie mixed with something else to keep me paralyzed.”
As she explained to Greggor what had happened to her, I found the coordinates she was referring to on a sticky note on the bathroom counter. At first glance, I knew right away that it was the coordinates to the Redcliff pack.
It matched what Spencer was saying, how he left coordinates to the pack all over the place for the rogues to find. I had more questions as well, but I knew I wasn’t going to get them here. I needed to find out why the rogues from all over the continent decided to attack this specific pack.
I left the bathroom just as Greggor was telling Judy what was happening at the pack. Her eyes were wide with horror.
“I saw fire… I knew something was happening. I felt this sense of dread…” she breathed.
“I’m heading back to the pack,” I told them, drawing their attention to me. “Stay here… both of you.”
Judy looked as if she was about to argue, but now that she was more conscious and aware, she was also aware that there wasn’t
much she could do in her state. She closed her mouth and then nodded.
“We’ll be fine,” she told me.
I nodded, gave Greggor a look that told him that he better keep her protected, and then I darted from the cabin.
###Take 637
Chapter 637
Judy’s POV
I stared down at Spencer’s dead body.
Gavin had left an hour ago, and a few minutes ago, the feeling in my body started to return. I was now fully sitting up, and my eyes immediately found Spencer lying on the ground in a pool of his own blood.
So, that’s what Gavin meant when he said Spencer had been taken care of. He killed him; despite everything, I couldn’t help but feel a bit sad over Spencer’s death. He was still my friend even if he did something terrible… I never really got a chance to find out the truth from him… I never got to question him and get the answers I so desperately needed.
But most importantly, I never got to say goodbye.
“How many died?” I finally asked after what felt like an eternity of silence.
Greggor was sitting in a chair on the other side of the room, scrolling through his phone absentmindedly.
“Most of the pack,” he said. “When left, there were about 17 or so survivors, but a few of them were in critical condition. The pack medics are on the
scene.” 1
“What about the rogues?” I asked. “Are there any more in the pack?”
He shook his head.
“Most are either dead or ran off,” he told me. “A lot of gammas are dead too, but none from the Silver Crescent pack.”
My chest ached.
“Marlo?” I asked.
“He’s in critical condition, but he’s alive, I think… which is something because the rest of his team, besides you, are all dead.”
“What?” I gasped, my heart shattering. “All of them?” We were the stronger of the teams that this pack had; how could they all be dead?
“They were the first to die, actually. When we patrolled the forest, we found their mangled bodies. Marlo was trying to get back to the pack; he was in pretty bad condition. We helped get him out of the forest, and by the time we returned to the pack, he was out cold. I haven’t seen him since, but I think he’s still alive:”
I swallowed the lump in my throat. I couldn’t fathom the thought that they were all dead.
“I need to get out of here,” I said as I started to get out of bed. My body still felt weak, but I was able to stand.
“No, I was told to keep you here until Gavin returns,” Greggor reminded me. “We can’t leave.”
“The pack needs us,” I told him. “Gavin might need us. What if something happened?” Anxiety bubbled inside of me, and my world whimpered at the thought of something happening to Gavin.
“The Alpha will deal with it. He told me not to let you leave this cabin, and I don’t intend to disappoint him,” he told me, folding his arms across his chest. “If I let you leave, he’ll kill me, and I’m not chancing that.”
He glanced at Spencer lying on the ground, and he shuddered. I knew he was right; Gavin would kill him if he disobeyed direct orders. It wasn’t fair of me to ask him to go against the Alpha like that.
and het as I said son
“What about Alpha Levi?” I asked, changing the subject
I sat at the edge of the bed, trying to steady myself. “Has he made it to the pack yet?”
I knew that Alpha Levi barely ever came to this pack, but he did sometimes send his Beta Ron there for business on occasions. Besides that, though, it’s known that he does neglect that pack, and I’m still unsure as to why.
“No,” Greggor said, his forehead deep and a furrow between his brows gave me all the answer that I needed. “He hasn’t…”
“There’s no way he doesn’t know about this, though, right?” I asked. “I mean, Sampson would have Greggor nodded.
told
him…”
“Yeah,” he muttered. “I’d assume so.”
‘Do you think Levi knows, and he just doesn’t care?” I asked, my voice barely above a whisper.
“That’s my best guess,” he said with a shrug. “Levi doesn’t seem to care about this pack. I’ve heard rumors amongst the packmates that Levi thinks this pack is too weak and doesn’t pay it any attention. Some wonder if these rogue attacks are because he’s trying to get rid of the weakest pack.” “That’s absurd, no Lycan would do that to their packs even if they were a weak pack. I shuddered at the very thought, and I met Greggor’s eyes; he
looked worried… not for me, but for the situation as a whole. I couldn’t say I blamed him.
“I wish I knew the truth,” Greggor said, running his fingers through his hair.
I’m not sure how long we were in the cabin for, but once I felt well enough, I got out of bed and took a shower. I still had no clothes to change into, so I was forced to wear the same clothes I arrived in. I had no idea what time it was, but I saw the faint morning light as the sun began to rise in the distance. It was early morning, and my worry only increased the longer Gavin was away.
P
###Take 638
Chapter 638
Periodically, I would ask Greggor if he had heard anything, but Greggor hadn’t, and it was driving me crazy.
At one point, we rummaged through the kitchen and prepared a small meal for breakfast, thankful that the kitchen was fully stocked.
As we ate breakfast, the silence between us stretched on until the front door opened. My entire body went cold at the sound of the door opening, and Greggor immediately grabbed his gun, ready to fight off whoever was intruding.
“Stand down,” Gavin’s voice rang through before we actually saw him. “It’s just me.”
“Gavin?” I called out, standing from the kitchen table and walking towards the doorway. Gavin appeared, and his eyes softened when he saw me. Without much thought, I wrapped my arms around him, hugging him close. His warmth engulfed me and let me be at peace for the first time all night. He held me tightly, his nose nuzzling in my neck as he inhaled my scent.
“Are you okay?” He asked me, keeping me close to him.
I nodded.
“I was worried about you. How is the pack? I heard a lot of people died…” I asked, tears burning in my eyes.
“15,” another voice said from the doorway. 1
I recognized the voice right away; it was Sampson’s voice. I looked behind Gavin, my arms remaining around him and his around mine.
“15 packmates?” I croaked.
He nodded numbly.
“Yes,” he replied. “Marlo is in critical condition, but they think he’ll be okay. The entire pack is in ruins.”
I heard a sob from the living room, and I knew who it belonged to. My heart swelled as I pulled away from Gavin, already missing his warmth. I ran towards the door and paused when I saw Lucy crying near the couch. My heart shattered at the sight of her; she had blood staining her skin, and her gorgeous dress was ripped nearly off her body. Her hair was a mess, and her face was drained of all color. It was rare that I saw her without makeup, but most of it was either cried off or washed away from her sweat that stuck to her forehead.
“Lucy,” I whispered as I went to her.
When she saw me, she let out another sob and wrapped me in her arms. We held each other, crying for a long while. I wasn’t a crier… I hated crying. I was supposed to be strong, but in this case, I wasn’t. I was betrayed by someone I thought was my friend. I was grieving, I was in pain, and I felt so unbelievably stupid. I should have been more careful… I couldn’t help but think this was all my fault.
T
This pack didn’t have any issues up until I arrived, and now suddenly most of the pack is gone, and I’m the one who survived.
“I’m so glad you’re okay,” she whispered, hugging me even tighter. Her body was trembling, and I knew she needed the embrace more than I did.
“You too,” I whispered back.
“We can’t stay here for too long,” Gavin said, coming up from behind me. “The planes should be arriving soon to take us home.”
“Planes?” I asked, pulling away from Lucy to stare up at Gavin, disbelief marring my features. “You’re seriously still making me go home after everything? You want me to abandon this pack after they faced something traumatic and life–changing”
“It isn’t safe here anymore, Judy. I don’t know if it ever has been safe. There’s a lot we discovered today,” he said, pausing for a moment as if he was trying to figure out what to tell me and what to keep to himself. “I’ll fill you in once we are heading home. But for right now, I need you to trust me. We have to get out of this territory…”
I shook my head, still filled with disbelief.
“You can’t be serious,” I said, pulling away from him. “I’m not abandoning-”
“I’m not asking you to abandon anyone, Judy,” he snapped, his wolf close to the surface as frustration clouded him.
Sampson stepped forward as Gavin and I had a stare–down. I was so sick of him trying ot control every aspect of my life. I might be carrying his baby, but that didn’t give him the right to control me like this. I was furious, and I was about to make it known to him, but Sampon spoke first. 5
“He’s not abandoning us, Judy,” Sampson said softly. “He’s inviting us to go along with him….”
Just like that, my anger disappeared, and all that was left was shock.
“Wait… what?” I asked, glancing at him and then Lucy, before my eyes found Gavin, who was watching me.
“They’re coming with us, Judy,” he said. “Sampson, Lucy, and all the survivors. I’m getting them out of this territory and into mine, where they will be safe. Now, I’m going to ask you one question…” he paused for a moment, his eyes narrowed, but I could see the emotions swirling in his eyes. “Do you trust me?“
###Take 639
Chapter 639
Judy’s POV
“Do you trust me?”
A seemingly simple question, and the answer came out of my mouth without hesitation. Because everything, despite our uprise and downfall… I did trust him. My entire being trusted him.
When I told him as such, he closed the gap between us and kissed me so deeply that it took my entire breath away. I was putty in his hands, and he knew he had me exactly where he wanted me. As he kissed me, he put his hands on my belly, caressing it gently, and I melted even more against him. If it wasn’t for his arm being wrapped around my waist, I probably would have fallen to the ground from how weak my knees suddenly got. (1)
He smiled against my lips, nipping at my bottom lip, and the sound of a throat clearing brought us back to the present moment. I was flushed and red in the face when we finally pulled apart. I was aware we still had a lot to talk about; I mean, Gavin did say some things that hurt my feelings and made me wary about whatever future he saw between us… If he even saw a future with me outside of this baby .those wounds he opened couldn’t be healed this quickly. Though I was grateful that he was here and he saved me… I was also eager to get home, especially knowing that the remaining packmates were coming with us.
4
“We should get back to the pack,” I told them, touching my swollen lips and fighting the smile that threatened to spread across my
face.
Lucy nodded in agreement, tears brimming in her eyes.
“Or what’s left of the pack,” she whispered brokenly. “It’s so bad there, Judy…”
My heart broke for my new friends; I hated that they had lost their home, and we had no idea why.
“Are there any leads about who started this? An attack like this doesn’t just happen,” I told them, looking between Gavin and Sampson. Surely one of them knows something.
“We aren’t sure,” Sampson said. “But clearly it was an inside job. I have someone coming to take care of Spencer’s body.”
“He left the coordinates around rogue territories, and word traveled around to different regions of the world,” Gavin explained. “I got the information out of him just before I killed him. Apparently, Beta Ron is his uncle.”
My mouth dropped.
“His uncle” I gasped. “I don’t understand…”
“He played you, baby girl,” Gavin said, his eyes finding mine. “He was never your friend. He was working with the enemy. I’m not entirely sure what their game plan is, but it’s clear that both Ron and Levi are involved. In that case, this pack is no longer safe for anybody.”
My heart shattered.
“Alpha Levi?” I asked, my head still trying to wrap around this new information. “Why would he want to destroy this pack after he just brought me here?”
Gavin looked at me for a long while, and I could see the questions in his own eyes.
“That’s what I want to figure out, too,” he admitted. “But we do need to get back. The planes will be here shortly to gather us. I got word from Taylor earlier that there’s a security breach in the Silver Crescent pack, and he’s blind to the borders. He’s worried there will be an attack or takeover. Our personal information has been leaked, and he’s in the process of trying to track it.” 1
I raised my brows,
“A security breach? That never happens in our territory,” I said, my brows furrowed.
“Do you think it’s related?” Sampson asked, his brows also furrowed. “It’s odd that we’d be having issues, requesting your assistance, and then suddenly your pack is having issues while you and most of your gammas are away… it was almost this whole thing here has been…” His voice trailed off as he thought more about what he was saying.
“A distraction,” Gavin finished for him, a growl to his words.
Sampson nodded.
“Yeah,” he replied.
1/3
minute. I could see the fury and anger in Gavin’s eyes, and it made me take a step back for a
“Let’s go,” Gavin said then his teeth as he walked from the Cabin.
Lucy sniffled and wiped at her red and puffy eyes, her bottom lip trembling as Sampson wrapped his arms around her protectively. It made my heart squeeze; sure, I’ve only been here a couple of weeks, and these people have become part of my heart. But for Lucy, this was everything she knew… it was everything she was. She grew up here, she found love and flourished… she had best friends and family … this was her entire life. This pack was her home, and she lost it today. I felt awful that she was so upset, and I wanted to hug her and tell her that everything was going to be okay, but I knew it would only be a lie. Nothing would be okay for her again, and we were all aware of that fact.
###Take 640
Chapter 640
We got into Sampson’s car and drove back to the pack… or what was left of the pack. They weren’t joking; the entire pack was in ruins. The only thing left was the packhouse, which was surprisingly untouched. I spotted Gavin’s gamma patrolling the area, and Greggor jumped out to join them. There were a couple of Sampson’s gammas as well, and I feared that was all that was left.
My heart thudded against my chest, breaking with each thud. I had to choke back a sob as I looked at it all; it might have been a small pack, but it was a gorgeous one.
Because there was no pack, the planes that Taylor sent to us didn’t bother using the launch pad at the air station. They landed directly in the center of the pack grounds, waiting for us to board.
We pulled into the packhouse and got out. Gavin was already on the phone with Taylor as we entered the packhouse. There was a group of packmates, most I recognized from my couple of weeks here. They all looked so sad and miserable. They were crying and hanging onto each other like their lives depended, because maybe it did.
Lucy went to join them, despite her own turmoil; she was trying hard to keep them calm and give them reassuring words. I admired her for that; she was a great Luna, and Sampson was lucky to have her by his side.
Gavin returned a few minutes later after he ended the phone call with Taylor. “Let’s get everyone on the planes,” he told Sampson, who nodded in agreement.
“I need to pack some stuff,” Lucy said, wrapping her arms around her body.
Sampson nodded.
“Me too; we’ll go upstairs together. I don’t want you out of my sight,” he told her.
He took her hand and together, they disappeared up the spiral staircase to their bedroom.
I looked at Gavin, who was checking something on his phone, with a crease between his brows.
“Is everything okay?” I asked him, my voice coming out a bit weaker than intended.
“Rogues have been spotted outside of the Silver Crescent pack,” he told me, making my heart drop into my stomach. “There’s no attack yet, but there might be in the near future. Rogue spotting is a rarity in our region, and it has everyone on edge.”
I thought about my own family and friends suffering the way that this pack had suffered, and a sense of dread fell upon me. I placed my hand on my belly; a protective instinct argued with the gamma in me. I wanted to do what I could to protect my friends and family, but I would also do anything to protect my baby.
“Is it safe to go back?” I asked.
“It’s safer there than it is here for right now,” he told me, putting a hand on my shoulder. “I’m not going to let anything happen to my pack, or to you, Judy. You don’t need to worry about anything.‘
})
I nodded, though, that didn’t ease the dread that I felt.
Within the hour, Lucy and Sampson were walking down the stairs with their bags, their gammas quickly taking them and bringing them to the planes, which were almost completely boarded with packmates and Gammas.
“I can’t believe we are leaving the only home we’ve ever known,” she whispered. “What’s going to happen to us?”
I looked at Gavin, wondering if he had a solution, and the calmness that played on his face showed me that he did have a solution. “Actually, it was something I wanted to talk to Sampson about,” Gavin said, his eyes finding Sampson. “But we have a pack that is in need of an Alpha. Their last Alpha passed away a few years ago, and I’ve been the active Alpha since. We’ve basically combined my home pack with this pack.” (2
“It hasn’t had an Alpha in a few years?” Sampson asked, his brows furrowed.
I thought it was strange as well that Gavin never appointed another Alpha. Of course, there had been candidates and Alphas all over who didn’t already have packs and had gone to Gavin, requesting a chance to take over the Redmoon pack. He entertains them for a bit, but at the end of the day, they get rejected. Ethan was the longest one he’s entertained, and that was only because Ethan was engaged to
Irene.
Nobody seemed good enough to be the sole Alpha of the Redmoon pack, so Gavin combined the two packs, making the Redmoon pack part of the Silver Crescent pack.
1/3
I looked up at Gavin as he nodded at Sampson.
“I haven’t had anyone worthy of being one of my Alphas,” he explained. “Until now. What do you say? I know it’s not a replacement for what you had lost, but it’s a start. If you pledge yourself to me and break ties with Alpha Levi, you are more than welcome to come to the Redmoon pack and be their Alpha.” 7
###Take 641
Chapter 641 
Gavin’s POV
+25 Bonus
I didn’t want to make just anyone the Alpha of the Redmoon pack. I didn’t trust just anyone. It took me a long time to figure out why that was the case; the Redmoon pack was Judy’s home pack. It was where her family and best friend lived.
I wanted someone I could truly trust to run that pack, and because I didn’t trust anyone, I did it myself. I told myself and everyone who asked that I didn’t pick an Alpha because none of the candidates wowed me, which was partially the truth. But the full truth, I wanted Judy to like and trust the Alpha, and I knew she wouldn’t want any of them, especially not Ethan. 2 
Maybe that’s why I didn’t fully want him as the Alpha, even when he was engaged to Irene.
But Sampson had good energy, and he was someone Judy clearly trusted. Plus, his Luna, Lucy, seemed like a good one despite my earlier judgment. Yes, she might be materialistic, but she cares about her packmates and truly loves Sampson.
Judy had fallen asleep an hour ago on my arm. I look down at her sleeping form and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, allowing my fingers to linger on my cheek for a moment longer than necessary.
She was so beautiful that my heart stuttered slightly.
Irene was right; I needed to try harder. What I said to her was out of line; how I’ve treated her was out of line.
Mine.
The word went through my mind and my wolf fucking purred with contentment. He fucked purred. Yet, I couldn’t bring myself to care. Judy was here… she was safe… she was coming home with me. 5
“Mommy, do you think we’ll like this new pack?” A little girl asked from nearby. She was looking up at a woman who had tired eyes and a pale complexion. Both the little girl and the mom had tears in their eyes. I could tell that they have lost a lot during this battle… everyone here has. They lost their homes, their loved ones… a part of themselves was being left behind, and nobody knew what to expect going forward.
“We have to trust our Alpha,” her mom whispered. “Wherever he goes, we go.”
The little girl nibbled on her lower lip as she peeked over the seat at Sampson.
Sampson had Lucy in his arms and was busy trying to calm her down as well. The tension was high in this plane. I looked back at the little girl who looked close to tears. Then, she met my eyes.
I wasn’t good with kids, despite having two of my own. But up until these last couple of years, I had been an absent father. I allowed my staff to raise them mostly, and I’ll always regret that.
“What’s your name?” I asked the little girl.
Her mother looked at me as well, her eyes wide as if shocked a Lycan would be speaking to them.
The little girl sniffled and wiped at her eyes
“Sophie…” she said softly.
“I’m Gavin,” I told her, trying to give her a reassuring smile. “You’re going to a really good pack. You’ll be safe there. There are a lot of other children that I’m sure you’ll get along with, and a great schooling system.”
Sophie buried her face shyly in her mom’s arms. Her mom looked at me, tears filling her eyes again.
“I’m Monica,” she said softly. “Are you one of the Lycan Chairmen?”
I nodded.
“Yes,” I replied. “Gavin Landry.” 
She bit on her lower lip, processing that information.
pr
“Pardon my daughter, we aren’t used to speaking with a Lycan,” she explained. “Alpha Levi was never around, only his Beta sometimes. We don’t know Lycans to be caring.”
“You’ve never met me before,” I told her. “I’m very involved with my packs. I visit each one monthly to make sure the Alphas are doing their jobs properly and to ensure that each packmate isn’t in need of anything.”
1/3
Chteter 64)
+25 Bonus 
Her eyes widened in shock at my words
“And we’ll have a home?” She asked, worry lingering in her tone.
I nodded again.
“Yes, you’ll have a home and you’ll be safe. I’ll personally make sure of it.”
She seemed to have relaxed, though her eyes were still haunted.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
I nodded.
Judy stirred slightly in my arms, making me focus my attention back on her. She let out a small whimper, and her brows furrowed together. My heart lurched; she was having a nightmare. I brought my lips to her ears and whispered, “Sssh, sweet girl. I’m right here. You’re safe.”
###Take 642
Chapter 642 
With my words in her ear, she seemed to have relaxed. I wrapped my arms around her, pulling her into me. Her body was warm and inviting, and her scent was bringing me over the edge.
“Is Judy our new Luna?” Monica asked, looking at Judy, who remained asleep in my arms.
I was surprised by the question, and it must have shown on my face because she soon grew incredibly red.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to pry,” she said, quickly looking away. “That was out of line for me. Please, forgive me, Alpha.”
“It’s okay,” I said, trying to sound reassuring and not intimidating, that was the last thing these people needed right now, and I could tell others were hanging onto my words as well. “Yes. She’s going to be your Luna.”
It was something I hadn’t said out loud before, but as I spoke those words, my wolf bristled with excitement, and honestly, it made me smile. The thought of Judy walking down the aisle in a gown of white, her radiant smile as she stared up at me. The way her eyes would shine as I spoke my vows to her and then kissed her as if my life depended on it. I thought about how she would be as a Luna, how genuine and caring she was. How strong she was and how she would protect every single person in our territory.
I thought about how she would be as a mother; her loving and caring tendency would rub off on our pup,
so full.
? 
and c
our household would be
“She’s been incredible in our pack… very caring and strong,” Monica said approvingly. “I’m happy to have her
as our Luna.”
I couldn’t help the smile that threatened the corner of my lips as I looked down at Judy. How had I not noticed how perfect she was before?
Soon, the Silver Crescent airfield came into view, and I felt the plane descending. It felt good to be back in my own territory, and now I just had to figure out how to keep everyone safe since the security breach and find out why it was happening.
As the plane started to land, Judy woke up. Her eyes were wide as she looked around; the sleep still coating her eyes. She looked up at
me. 
“Are we home?” She asked.
My heart skipped a beat at her question.
Home.
I nodded at her, tucking another strand of hair behind her ear, making her cheeks redden.
“Yeah, we are home,” I told her gently.
She looked relaxed and gave me the faintest of smiles, though I could see the wariness in her eyes. I knew not all had been forgiven, and there was still so much we needed to talk about. I needed to prove to her that I was all in, because the truth of the matter was, I was in love with her. I wanted her for myself… I needed her for myself.
I couldn’t imagine anyone else by my side; I couldn’t imagine anyone else carrying my pups.
“I want to see my parents,” she told me, breaking me out of my thoughts. “I miss them and I’m worried.‘
I nodded.
“The first place we’ll go is the Redmoon pack,” I assured her. “That way, we can take Sampson and his pack to their new home and get them settled in.”
She nodded, nibbling on her lower lip.
“What’s going your mind?” I asked her, my voice dropping to a whisper.
“Will it be safe there?” She asked, putting her hands on her belly protectively. “I mean, with the security breach and the rogues… will we be safe?” 
I cupped her face with my hands, keeping her eyes on mine. 
“I would never let anything happen to you or our pup, Judy,” I assured her, my voice firm and yet compassionate, “I would die before I let you get hurt.”
She sucked in a sharp breath, her eyes wide at my admittance.
1/3
D642
“You would?” She asked, tears pricking the corner of her eyes. 
I closed my eyes, pressing my forehead against hers.
“I know I said some cruel and fucked up things earlier,” I whispered. “But I-”
+25 Bonus
Before I could finish my sentence, we landed, and it was announced that we could get off the plane. Judy pulled back slightly as everyone started to leave the plane. She wiped at her tear–soaked eyes and straightened her shoulders, putting her game face on as she stood.
Before she could walk away with the others, I grabbed her hand, stopping her.
“We will talk more later, okay?” I asked.
She stared at me for a shot while before she nodded.
“Yeah. Later.” 
And with that promise in the air, she turned and walked away. 5 
###Take 643
Chapter 643 
Judy’s POV
+25 Bonus 
I’m not sure why I’m so nervous. It’s only been about 3 weeks since I last been to this territory. The moment I got off the plane and my feet touched the ground, my wolf immediately recognized this place as home. I knew it wasn’t fair of me to rip her from the only place she’s ever considered home; I was being selfish when I left. But I had to do what was best for me and my heart. The thought of Gavin marrying another woman… having her child… it destroyed me. But now that I know it was all a lie, I’m not really sure where that leaves me. I knew we still had a lot to talk about, but I wasn’t sure where to start.
He had hurt me with the things he had said. I hated that I wanted him so badly. Beta Taylor greeted us when we stepped off the plane. He had the look of concern that made my heart lurch. I knew right away that something was wrong, and it was clear from the look Gavin was giving him, he knew it too.
L
There was a bus waiting as well, and I knew that bus was meant to take the packmates to their new home in the Redmoon pack.
自
“The Redmoon packhouse has been cleared out, and the rooms are cleaned. It should fit everyone,” Taylor said, glancing at the cluster of packmates that were scattered around nervously.
Gavin nodded.
“Anything urgent you need to discuss right now?” Gavin asked, his eyes scanning Taylor’s face.
I knew that he didn’t want to discuss the rogue problem in front of people who lost everything to a rogue attack. They need to feel safe, like what they experienced wouldn’t happen again.
Taylor glanced over Gavin’s shoulder at the packmates, and then he sighed.
“No, it can wait,” he said. “Just get them to safety and I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Are things safe?” I asked before I could think.
Taylor glanced at me and then nodded.
“Yes,” he replied. “We are working on it. Now that we have the full team back,
we are better than ever. We’ll figure this out.”
I wasn’t sure if that answer satisfied me or not, but I nodded anyway.
open
Within the hour, we arrived at the Redmoon pack. I breathed in the fresh air, feeling a sense of belonging welcoming me with arms. It felt good to be home, I had to admit. I wanted to see my parents; I was tired, and I missed them so much. But I also wanted to make sure everyone got settled; I also wanted to make sure that Lucy was okay. She looked so haunted that it hurt my heart, and I wanted to let her know that everything was going to be okay going forward, but I wasn’t sure if I believed those words or not, so I decided to keep them to myself.
“This pack is beautiful,” I heard someone saying softly as we walked up to the packhouse. “The packhouse is huge. Bigger than the
in Redcliff.”
“Yeah…” someone else agreed.
I glanced at Lucy, who was eyeing the packhouse, with Sampson’s arms draped protectively around her, and his packhouse.
“Is this our new home?” One of the kids asked, peeking up at Alpha Sampson.
After a brief pause, Sampson nodded.
“Yes,” he replied.
one
eyes were also
on the
“It’s cleared out,” Gavin explained. “So, you can choose your rooms. I would discuss with your Alpha what floors you can occupy and go from there. We are working on building more homes to house those who don’t wish to live in the packhouse permanently. I’ll work on getting a school schedule from the Redmoon education system for the kids. Available jobs will be posted on the packhouse job board in the main foyer for those who wish to work. This pack hasn’t had an Alpha in a long time, so there’s plenty to do. I’ve sent a memo to the Betas that there is a new Alpha. Of course, you can appoint a new Beta if you wish, but Raymond Cash has been the active Beta for years. He should have alerted the rest of the pack of your arrival. Feel free to call a pack meeting at some point to introduce yourself as their new Alpha. Your inauguration ceremony will be held in 7 days, once you are settled in. That’s also the day you’ll pledge yourself to me fully and break your ties with Alpha Levi.” 
Sampson nodded.
1/3
Chapter 643
+25 Bonus 
“We truly appreciate this,” Sampson said, bowing his head slightly. “Thank you for your hospitality.”
“This pack needed an Alpha, and you needed to get out of that situation back in Redcliff,” Gavin told him bluntly. “This works out for both of us.” 1
###Take 644
Chapter 644 
Sampson nodded.
“We’ll get settled in then,” he said, motioning for his remaining pack to follow him inside. I went inside with them, standing by Lucy, I looked at her pale features and worn eyes, my eyes lurching at the sight. She’s typically cheery and happy, but she has a lost look in her
eyes.
She lost everything, and my heart ached for her.
“How are you holding up?” I asked her.
She blinked, as if coming out of a daze. Her eyes, unfocused, looked at me.
“It’s all happening so fast,” she said in a soft whisper. “It’s just… so much.”
“I’m really sorry, Lucy,” I whispered back. “I wish there was something I could do…”
She shook her head, tears filling her pale blue eyes.
“It’s not your fault. We were all played. We were stupid. Our Lycan never cared about us… he sacrificed us for his own selfish gain, and the worst part is… we don’t even know what he had to gain for that… we trusted someone we shouldn’t have, and because of that, our pack suffered a great loss. I should have seen it coming. What kind of Luna doesn’t see something like that coming?”
“Don’t do that,” I said to her sharply, turning to look at her. “You are an incredible, Luna, Lucy. You did nothing wrong. You trusted a Gamma that your mate appointed… a gamma who had been working and trained under the supervision of the Redcliff pack. He wasn’t always bad… he made a bad decision, and it cost a lot. But none of that is on you. Your pack doesn’t blame you…”
“Not yet, they don’t… but they will,” she said weakly, glancing at the ground. “They will eventually blame us for letting them down and not seeing the threat coming. Once they settle in and the adrenaline of it all fades, they’ll seek someone to blame.”
I put my hand on her shoulder.
“If anyone comes at you, they’ll have to go through me,” I told her firmly.
She blinked a few times, a few stray tears escaping her eyes as she sniffled.
“You’re a really good friend, Judy,” she said softly, a small smile tipping the corner of her lips.
“As are you,” I assured her. “And you’re an even better Luna.”
She wrapped her arms around me, and I felt her relax slightly as I held onto her. I hated that she was hurting, and I hated that there wasn’t anything I could do about it. Sampson had already gone off to find the Alpha suite for him and Judy; the others were exploring the packhouse with some of the Redmoon Gammas.
Gavin stayed behind, and I could feel his eyes trained on me; heat crept up the back of my neck.
I tried to ignore the feeling and focused my attention on Lucy.
“You should get some rest,” I tell her. “It’s been a long day, and you’re probably exhausted. As is everyone else. The rest can wait until the morning.”
“I agree,” Sampson said, coming down the stairs, his eyes fixed on his mate. “I found our suite. Let’s get some sweet, little wolf.”
He held his hand out for Lucy, who took it without much thought. She looked at me, her eyes glistening with tears.
“Thank you, Judy,” she said softly. “And thank you, Alpha Landry,” she said from over her shoulder. 
Gavin nodded, though his eyes never left my face. The heated look in his eyes made my cheeks flush, and I wondered what was going through his mind at that moment. I wanted to ask, but I bit my tongue.
I watched as Lucy walked away with Alpha Sampson. I stayed for a few minutes longer, watching as the others found their way around the packhouse and disappeared around various corners and stairways, finding a place to settle in for the night with the ones they had left.
31
I knew Gavin was approaching me before I turned around; my wolf felt his presence, and my heart skipped a beat. Why was she always reacting to him this way? What was it about him that made her forget who we were? Around him… we became almost weaker. Our guard was down, and the warrior we trained so hard to be felt less than. 
Chapter 644
+25 Bonus 
I felt his arms wrap around my waist, and he pulled me into his chest, his face buried into my neck.
“I have a surprise for you,” he whispered. His hands traveled down my arms, trailing goosebumps in his path, and then his fingers entwined with mine. “Come with me.” s 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you
日
###Take 645
Chapter 645
Gavin’s POV
Watching Judy in her element, comforting Lucy and some of the other packmates, it made my heart sour. It was like watching her in a new light; it gave me a clear view of how she would be as an active Luna. I wanted to make her my Luna more than I wanted my next breath. Though she had worry lines beneath her eyes and a smile that seemed strained due to the high stress from the day, she was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I wasn’t sure how much more my heart could take. 6
While she was talking to a few packmates and then Lucy, I made a couple of calls and arranged a surprise for her. I wanted her to be happy, and I wanted her to know that I wanted nothing more than her happiness. I wanted to watch her flourish and be the
woman, warrior, and Luna that I knew she was meant to be, but in order for that to
happen, she to
know she has people
in her corner.
I felt her body tensing as I whispered
against her ear, telling her I had a surprise
for her.
Chapter 645
for her.
+15 Bonus
“Do you trust me?” I asked her, already knowing the answer, but needing to hear it.
Her breathing hitched, but without hesitation, she nodded. 1
“Yes,” she breathed.
I smiled, loving hearing that she trusted me. I pressed my lips to the nape of her neck, my heart skipping a beat, and my wolf wanting to surge forward. The urge to mark her as my own has been strong since finding her in the Redcliff pack. It’s something that I’ve never felt with anyone other than my late mate, but with Judy, things were different. I wanted her more than words could describe, and I was going
to make sure she understood that. 2
She turned in my arms so she could look up
at me.
“Is it a mistake to trust you?” She asked, her voice soft with a hint of vulnerability.
It was a side of her that I knew only I saw.
I knew she thought she was weak because of these feelings and because of the vulnerability she shows me, but what she
Chapter 645
+15 Bonus
I knew she thought she was weak because of these feelings and because of the vulnerability she shows me, but what she doesn’t know is that I find her to be the
strongest woman I know. 1
“No,” I tell her honestly. “It’s not a mistake. I’ll never make you regret trusting me.”
She sucked her bottom lip into her mouth, and it made me want to suck her bottom lip into my mouth. I wanted to kiss her so badly, but I held off for right now. There would be time for that later.
“Come with me,” I tell her again as I pull her towards the packhouse doors. The car I had ordered was already parked out front. Erik stood outside the back door, and when he saw Judy, he grinned. A surge of possessiveness washed through me, and I fought the urge to pull her into my side and keep her away from another male. But I knew I couldn’t do that… not with Judy.
She gasped when she saw him, and before I could stop her, she was running towards him. She had a smile on her face that I hadn’t seen in what felt like a long time, and it made a jealous rage boil through me.
Chapter 645
+15 Bonus
I hated how easily she ran to him and how he wrapped his arms around her and twirled her. I clenched my fists at my side, keeping myself restrained. I knew they were friends; I assigned him as her personal driver for the last couple of years, and they’ve gotten close.
“Welcome back,” Erik said as he placed her back on the ground.
“It’s honestly good to be back. I didn’t realize how much I missed this place until I got here.”
“It’s only been a few weeks,” he teased.
She shrugged.
“A few weeks away from my home,” she reminded him, nudging his shoulder.” How have things been here while I was away?”
“Boring as fuck,” he told her, lifting one shoulder. “Maybe now things will liven back up.”
I stepped beside Judy, unable to contain myself anymore. I needed to be near her or my wolf would go crazy. She glanced up at me, her cheeks flushed from my close
Fuik atvai htened as he looked
Chapter 645
LI II
x x x x x y 
+15 Bonus
proximity. Erik straightened as he looked at me as well; I was a little taller than he,
so I looked down at him.
“You know where to take us?”
He nodded.
“Yes, Alpha.”
“Good.” My eyes remained on him, a dare in my eyes.
He swallowed and stepped away from Judy. She frowned and narrowed her eyes at me, but I didn’t pay her any mind as I watched Erik open the car door for us. He ran around the car and got into the driver’s seat. I motioned for Judy to get into the car first, and she hesitated for only a moment before she slid into the car, leaving me
room to slide in beside her.
###Take 646
Chapter 646
Once we were seated and buckled, Erik drove off,
Judy stared out the window the entire time, her hands fidgeting on her lap nervously. I wanted to reach out and hold her hands, but I didn’t want to come on too strongly. Thankfully, it didn’t take us long to get to where we needed to go. Erik drove us to the city just outside of the Redmoon pack,
headed towards the Silver Crescent, the same city as my office was in.
He parked outside the Skylight Restaurant, and as soon as he parked, Judy’s jaw dropped.
“The Skylight?” She asked, turning to look at me. “This restaurant is exclusive and invite–only.”
“I’m a Lycan, I don’t need an invite,” I told her, a cocky grin on my lips that I knew made her weak in the knees. I took her
hand and pulled her along with me.
She straightened out her jeans and ran her hands down them.
Chapter 646
+15 Bonus
“Gavin, I’m not dressed for a place like this,” she told me, a hint of panic in her voice.
“It’s okay,” I tell her. “I rented the entire place out, so there’s nobody here besides the staff.”
She gasped.
“You rented this out?” She asked, peeking up at me. “Why would you do that?”
I just grinned and took her hand, pulling her along with me. We walked inside, the gorgeous décor catching her eyes immediately. This place was gorgeous, and the entire place was made from glass. Her eyes darted all over the place, scanning the many tables that lined the back wall and the marble flooring as we walked across
the vast space.
We were greeted by some of the staff who were assigned to keep the place under lockdown while we occupied the area. I nodded at them, and they bowed as I passed them.
We walked into the glass elevator, Judy stayed close to my side, even when I
released her hand. It pleased me to see her
Chapter 8448
+15 Bonus
clinging to my side. The elevator ride was a
while; it was a skyscraper, and we were going to the rooftop dining area.
“We are going to the top?” Judy asked after
a while.
I nodded.
“Yes,” I replied.
She turned to look at me, her eyes searching mine.
“What are you up to, Gavin?” She asked.
I smiled down at her, tucking a strand of hair behind her ears, but before I could reply, the doors opened. The rooftop
dining area was a large garden, and it was gorgeous; it overlooked the entire city, regardless of which table we sat at.
A table was made up for us as we walked across the rooftop; it was draped in a white cloth that reached the ground, and in the center was a bouquet of white lilies, Judy’s favorite flowers, and a lavender candle, which I knew was her favorite scent.
Judy’s eyes lit up at the sight, and then her gaze wandered over to
Our view of the city.
It was breathtaking, but not as
15 Bonus
breathtaking as the view in front of me.
Judy sat down at the seat, her eyes scanning the flowers and the placements in front of her, a twinkle of something in her eyes that made my heart skip a beat.
“Gavin, what is all of this?” She asked, her voice hoarse with emotions as she finally
met my eyes.
“I looked for you.”
She raised her brows as she searched my
face.
“What?” She asked.
“I looked for you… For those 2 weeks you were gone… I looked for you.”
She blinked as she stared at me.
“Oh…” she glanced down at the empty plate in front of her.
“When you left, it was like you took a part of me with you, and I wasn’t going to rest until you were back where you belonged… when I found you, I said some things I
shouldn’t have said. I was so focused on
bringing you home that I never stopped to consider your feelings, and for that I’m
Chapter 646
+15 Bonus
She wouldn’t look at me, but I could see the emotions all over her face. She sucked her bottom lip into her mouth again.
“I was consumed by my need to protect you and our pup, to right a wrong. But I was wrong to take your choices away from you.”
“You brought me here to tell me that?” She asked, her eyes still focused on her plate.
I shake my head. I reach across the table to cup her chin, lifting her gaze to meet mine. I saw the unshed tears, and it was nearly my undoing.
“No,” I tell her, my voice filled with
genuine admiration and something else…. something stronger. “I brought you here to tell you… baby or not… I want you.”
Her cheeks flushed.
“W…what?”
“I want you,” I repeated. “Not as a fling… not as a fake girlfriend to get my mother off my back… not as a secret… I want you, Judy. I want to love you so loud that the world fucking hears it.“/ 25
###Take 647
Chapter 647
Judy’s POV
“Love?” The word was only a whisper on my lips. I was at a loss for words; I stared at the man in front of me, the vulnerability and truth in his eyes shining through. My heart was stuttering out of place as I stared at him, my eyes brimming with tears. “You…” I swallowed. “You love me?”
Before he could reply, a waiter came and poured us two glasses of red juice. I raised my brows because we hadn’t ordered anything yet. Gavin smirked and took a sip of his juice, nodding at the waiter, who nodded back before
retreating.
“I hope you don’t mind, I took the liberty of ordering ahead to save us some time,” he explained.
“Save us some time?” I asked. “Are we in a rush?”
“Not exactly, but we do have to be somewhere after this, and I thought dinner would go by smoothly if everything was prepared for us before we got here,” he explained.
I nodded and took a sip, my stomach a mess of butterflies. I had no idea what was happening; was this all about a love confession? Was he doing all of this because he loved me? I had so many questions for him, and I wished that I could have a little liquid courage to help me ask these questions. But I couldn’t because I was pregnant. That still was mind–blowing to me, being
pregnant. 1
I had never tasted juice as good as this, and I had to close my eyes as the flavors hit my taste buds.
1/5
Chapter 647
+15 Bonus
“It’s handmade juice,” he explained.
“You didn’t have to do all of this,” I told him, setting the glass down.
“You’re worth it, Judy,” he told me without missing a beat, making my heart, once again, skip a beat. I looked up at him and saw how serious he was; I wasn’t sure what to make of all of this.
“I feel underdressed…”
“You’re perfect.” His words made a blush creep up my cheeks. “I should have treated you better before you left. I can’t rewind time and fix what had happened… what I broke… but I can vow to make better choices in the future and to make sure you are included in those choices.”
“Gavin-”
“Let me finish,” he said, cutting me off. “I’m not good at this. I know that sounds stupid considering who I am, but I’ve had a total of 2 serious relationships. One being my wife and fated mate. You snuck up on me, Judy. I wasn’t expecting to feel what I feel for you, and I’m not sure when it happened… But I am sorry for making you feel as if you are not good enough. Because the truth of the matter is… You are more than enough.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat; suddenly, my mouth had gone dry, and the words failed to leave my lips.
A couple of different waiters came with platters of food, and my eyes grew wide. They made my favorite dishes. I stared up at Gavin, who smiled at me, his eyes shining
with a love and devotion that I had never seen from a man before. My heart skipped a beat as I nibbled on my
2/5
Chapter 642
+15 Bonus
lower lip.
They placed the food on the table, and one of the waiters, the one who brought the juice, asked, “Anything else I
can get for you, Mr. Landry?”
“No, Calvin, that’ll be all. Thank you,” Gavin said. politely, dismissing him.
The waiter, whose name is Calvin, apparently, nodded. and motioned for the others to follow him out. I assumed
he was the one in charge.
Once they were gone, I glanced down at all the food, my stomach growling and my mouth practically watering.
“I hope this is okay,” Gavin said, eyeing me carefully. “I know these are some of your favorite meals.”
“How did you know this?” I asked him, glancing at him. I don’t think we’ve ever actually discussed my favorite foods before. We never really discussed much of anything
like this before.
He kept his eyes on me, an intense look in his gaze.
“I pay attention to you, Judy,” he tells me. “I always
have.”
“But I never told you my favorite foods…”
“You think I’ll let you work in my villa, close to my son, and not do any research on you?” he tells me. “There’s very little that I don’t know about you.”
I felt my cheeks heating from his words.
He lowered his voice to almost a whisper.
3/5
Chapter 647
+15 Bonus
“I’ve always noticed you, Judy. I’ve always paid attention.”
I picked up my fork and started to eat this incredible food; the flavors bursting in my mouth, and I couldn’t help the moan that left my mouth.
Gavin’s eyes darkened, drawing my attention back to his face. He was watching me intently with almost a hungry look in his eyes, but it wasn’t the food he was hungry for.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” I asked, sucking my bottom lip into my mouth.
A smirk played on his lips.
“Keep making those sounds and I’m going to do a lot more than looking at you,” he said, his voice low and sultry. “We might not make it to the next surprise.”
P
###Take 648
Chapter 648
I looked up at him, trying to analyze his face.
“Why the sudden surprises?” I asked him. “Why now?”
He studied me for a moment.
“I realized what I almost lost.” I blinked at him as he reached his hand out to touch mine, his fingers brushing across mine.
I’m not going to make that mistake again. I promise.”
”
Ignoring the flutter in my heart, I fixed my attention on my food. We ate mostly silently; he kept stealing glances at me, and I kept suppressing my smile. I was still upset with him for his behavior at the Redcliff pack, and a few sweet words along with
dinner weren’t going to change that right now. But I did appreciate the sentiment.
When we finished, the waiter returned and brought us dessert, my favorite chocolate mousse. I looked up at Gavin, who was
grinning at me as he grabbed his spoon.
“My favorite dessert, too?” I asked him, narrowing my eyes. “You really do pay attention.”
He shrugged.
“Actually, it’s my favorite too,” he admitted. “This was just a lucky shot.”
We ate, and by the time we finished, the waiter returned to collect our things. Everything was already paid for, so there was no bill at the end of the meal. Gavin stood and took hold of my hand, pulling me to my feet.
“Come with me,” he said softly, tugging me along with him. I followed him without hesitation; honestly, I’d probably follow
him to the end of the earth. My wolf was practically purring in contentment, and it made me smile knowing that she was happy in our current situation.
We got into the back of Erik’s car and we drove for a bit; I had no idea where we were going, but I was excited to see what the
next surprise was. I mentioned when we reached the academy that I had graduated a few weeks ago. I looked at Gavin, who
was only grinning; he looked relaxed, and my heart fluttered at the sight of him.
Erik stopped outside the school entrance, right where they typically dropped me off and picked me up.
I was surprised to see that Beta Taylor was waiting there, and in his hands was a graduation gown, along with a hat. My heart
stopped beating for a moment.
“W…what is this?” I asked, my voice coming out breathy.
“I messed up,” Gavin told me. “I wasn’t there when you needed me. You graduated from the academy, and I wasn’t there to support you. Instead, I was with someone else. And even though it wasn’t as it seemed, I still wasn’t where I should have been. I can’t exactly rewind time, but I can make things right. I can make new memories, and I want to make these memories with you, Judy.”
Before I could reply, Taylor opened the car door and smiled down at me. He looked tired, so I knew he had been going through a lot lately, probably more than I could comprehend. But the fact that he was here, helping his best friend and Alpha, meant the world to me. 2
“Hey,” I said to him as I stepped out of the car.
“Hey, yourself,” he replied, putting the robe around my body and placing the hat on my head, making me laugh.
“This is crazy,” I said, turning to Gavin. “You don’t have to have a pretend graduation for me.”
He winked as he took my hand again.
1/2
“Who said anything about pretend?” He asked, guiding me through the school entrance. The second I stepped through, my
entire body froze. My jaw slacked and my eyes grew wide as
I saw the smiling faces of not only my friends and family, but my entire graduating class, along with their families, and all our professors and Dean Rivers. 5
The vast space of the student quad was set up exactly like the graduation ceremony, and everybody was seated in their seats
like they were the first time. The dean was standing on stage, her smiling face shining down on me.
“And here is our guest of honor. I hope you can remember your speech, Judy,” she said, speaking through the microphone.
My eyes immediately found my parents, who were smiling at me, tears brimming in their eyes. Then I saw my best friend with her graduation gown and cap as well. She quickly stood and rushed towards me, her arms outstretched.
“Judy!” She squealed, wrapping me in her arms.
I was speechless.
“I don’t understand what’s happening,” I whispered.
“What’s happening is Alpha Gavin is making things right,” she told me, pulling back slightly. “And giving you what you deserved all along.”
My eyes scanned the crowd, and then I spotted Irene and Matt seated towards the front row, both of whom were grinning at
me, and my heart swelled to not only see them both here, but to see them together.
I turned to look at Gavin.
“You did all this for me?” I whispered, my voice coming out hoarse.
He stepped closer, cupping my face in his hands.
“I’d do anything for you, Judy,” he told me. “And I’m prepared to spend the rest of my life proving that to you. Because the
truth of the matter is… I love you.” 8
###Take 649
Chapter 649 
Judy’s POV
I parted my lips to speak, but before I could, Gavin stopped me.
“You have a speech to make,” he told me, gesturing towards the stage. I looked at the stage where Dean Rivers was waiting, a 
smile on her face as she watched me. I turned back to Gavin, feeling a flurry of butterflies in my chest.
“I don’t have my speech with me, and this happened so fast, I don’t have the time to reprepare for it,” I admitted.
“Don’t worry about that,” Nan said, stepping beside me. She had a piece of paper in her hands, and she handed it to me with a grin. “I have your speech right here.”
I looked at it and then back at her face.
“You knew about all of this?” I asked her.
She shrugged.
“Of course I did,” she told me, nudging my shoulder. “Who do you think helped him make all the phone calls to all our classmates. Once I explained things to them, they were more than happy to help.”
Tears brimmed the corners of my eyes; I cut her out like I cut everyone else in my life out. I ignored her calls and texts when I reached Redcliff, and I felt so guilty about it. Now, here she was, helping make this day absolutely perfect, and there were no words that could describe how much that meant to me. 
I stepped closer to her and wrapped her in my arms, hugging her tightly as tears fell from my eyes,
“I’m so sorry, Nan,” I whispered.
This woman got engaged and adopted a baby in the last 3 weeks, and I wasn’t there for her. She didn’t even tell me this news herself like she wanted, and my heart ached at what she must have been going through… what I wasn’t there for. 
“We’ll talk about it later,” she whispered back, hugging me just as tightly. “This day is for you, Judy. Enjoy it. It’s how it should have been all along.”
I pulled back, hating that I was crying in front of everybody, but from the compassionate looks I was getting, I don’t think anybody really cared.
I felt Gavin’s warm hand on my back, and I turned to look up at him.
“I should have been here the first time, and I wasn’t,” he told me softly. “So, this is my way of turning back time:” 
I bit my lip to keep from smiling like a dummy.
“It’s perfect,” I whispered brokenly.
“Judy Montague,” Dean Rivers spoke through the mic. “We are waiting for you. You have a speech for us.”
I smiled and I nodded as I stepped away from my friends and walked down the long, handmade aisle until I reached the stage.
I stepped towards the podium, shook the dean’s hand, and watched as she stepped away.
Everybody was so quiet, I could hear a pin drop.
“This is insane,” I started, a laugh bubbling out of me. It caused others to chuckle as well because this was absolutely unheard of. “I can’t believe you all pulled this off. It’s just like our actual graduation all over again.” 
I clutched my speech tightly in my hands.
Chapter 649
+25 BONUS 
I glanced down at Gavin, who had taken his seat next to Irene and Matt. Matt was grinning from ear to ear, and I couldn’t help but smile back at him.
“I know most of you already heard this speech, and I’m sorry that you have to suffer again,” I said, pausing as some laughed.
g to Gavin, who
With that being said, I started my speech. As I spoke, my eyes kept listening and watching me with an earnest expression.
It made my heart swell.
Phas
By the time I finished my speech, everybody stood and clapped.
I sat in my seat that I had sat in the first time, and to my surprise, the ceremony continued. Each graduate was called to the stage to collect their diplomas, including mine. The cheers that followed my name were the loudest.
By the time the ceremony concluded, and I received a few hugs, Gavin was there with a bouquet of flowers.
“Where did those come from?” I asked, smiling up at him. They were my favorites, and they smelled incredible.
“I had Taylor pick them up for me,” he told me.
“They’re beautiful,” I told him.
“Judy!” I heard Matt saying as he rushed towards me. “I’m so happy you’re back.”
“Hey,” I said to him, accepting his tight hug. “I’m so sorry I left without saying anything. I shouldn’t have done that. Not to you.”
He pulled back slightly, and I saw the sadness in his eyes.
“I was really upset when I found out you left,” he murmured. “I ended up going to the mansion despite Irene being there. My wolf was calm and didn’t kill her. I think he was more worried about you than he was his di?like for Irene.”
“Well, I suppose some good came out of it,” I said, glancing at Irene, who was approaching with Nan and Chester.
“It’s not perfect, but we are getting there. My wolf still doesn’t trust her.” 
BIG SALE:3500 BONUS FREE FOR YOU! 
###Take 650
Chapter 650
I rub his head.
The dot br
“We’ll work on it together,” I assured him.
+25 BONUS 
“So, that means you’re staying?” he asked.
“Yes, she’s staying,” Gavin said before I could have a chance to speak. He puts an arm around
And we have a lot to talk about, but I’m not letting her go again.”
me 
and pulls
me into his side. 
I blushed at his straightforward words.
“We certainly have a lot to talk about,” I agreed.
“So, I was right then,” Matt grinned as he looked at Irene. “Told you she was going to be our new mom.”
“I’m never calling her mom,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest, but there was amusement in her eyes as she peeked between the two of us.
I nearly choked on my own spit at her candid words.
“I’m not asking anyone to call me mom,” I told her, and then I remembered the little bean in my belly, and my cheeks grew hot.
No one knew about this pregnancy except for Gavin. I wasn’t sure when the right time to tell them, but something told me to
keep the secret to myself for a little while longer. Now was not the right time or place.
“This isn’t really a topic for here,” Gavin said before anyone could say anything more. “How about we discuss this later. For
now, Irene, would you be able to take Matthew home? We will have a celebration ceremony tomorrow evening, but for right
now, I’m stealing Judy away for the time being.”
F
My cheeks flushed before I could stop them.
Irene gave me a knowing grin before she glanced up at her father and nodded.
“Yeah, of course. “I’ll see you later.”
She gave him a quick hug before motioning for Matt to follow her. Matt gave me a quick hug before following Irene.
“Judy, sweetheart, we are so proud of you,” my mom said as she approached. She pulled me into a tight hug, her warmth engulfing me. Her hug was all I needed; tears filled my eyes and began to spill down my cheeks. I missed her and my father so incredibly much; being away from them was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do.
“I’m so sorry,” I whispered, my voice breaking. “I shouldn’t have left like I did.”
“You did what you thought you needed to do; we don’t blame you for that for a second,” my mother assured me as she pulled back to look at my face, She cupped my face in her warm hands and wiped away my tears with her thumbs. “Plus, you brought us home an Alpha. How can we be upset about that?” 
“Have you met him yet?” I asked. “Sampson, I mean.”
She shook her head. 
“We figured we’d let them get settled in before we made introductions,” she told me. “We plan to stop by the packhouse in the morning, though. You should come with us.” 
I nodded. 
“Okay, yeah, I’ll be there,” I told her, giving her another hug. “I love you, Mom,”
1/2 
Chapter 650
+25 BONUS 
“I love you so much, Judy,” she whispered in return.
We pulled away from one another when my father joined us. He looked up at Gavin and then looked at me.
“Do you need a ride home?” He asked, his protectiveness shining through. I knew it was going to take my father some time to get used to the idea of me and Gavin together.
“No, I’m going with Gavin,” I told him, leaning into Gavin slightly without meaning to. Gavin didn’t seem to mind, though. I felt his hand tightening around my waist, not even realizing he was holding me until this moment.
My father looked a bit uneasy, his eyes scanning my face. He opened his mouth to say something, but
on his shoulder.
“We should go,” my mother told him. “It’s late, and we have a big day tomorrow.’
My father reluctantly nodded.
“I’ll see you at home tonight?” My father asked me.
Before I could reply, Gavin spoke for me.
my mother
put a hand
“I’m afraid she’ll be staying with me tonight. But I’ll make sure she sees you in the morning. You have nothing to worry about, Delta Montague. Your daughter is safe with me, and I’ll make sure nothing happens to her.”
My father looked up at him, and though I could see the uncertainty in his eyes, his body relaxed slightly
“Very well then,” he finally said.
He turned to me one last time.
“Then, I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said. He stepped towards me and gave me a quick hug. “I love you, kiddo.”
“I love you too, Dad,” I said softly, giving him a squeeze before releasing him.
After a moment, my father finally let my mother guide him away.
The second they were out of sight, I felt Gavin’s arms wrapping around my waist from behind me, and he placed a soft kiss on the nape of my neck.
“Come with me,” he whispered. “I need you.”
BIG SALE:3500 BONUS FREE FOR YOU!
X 
Click to get it
2/2
###Take 651
Chapter 651
Gavin’s POV
I took Judy to the mansion. I gave the staff the night off; Chester and Nan agreed to spend the night elsewhere with the baby.
Irene went back to the Villa with Matt, and Taylor agreed to monitor the rogue issue for the night until I can take a better look
at the situation tomorrow.
Tomorrow would be about business and figuring out next steps; tonight, it would be about me and Judy.
We had the entire mansion to ourselves; I had never heard it quite as quiet as it was tonight. The second we were out of my car, I had her in my arms, scooping her off the ground and cradling her bridal style as I walked inside with her. She giggled as
she wrapped her arms around my neck, keeping herself positioned against me, her head resting on my shoulder as I
peppered soft kisses along her jawline.
She let out a contented sigh and it went straight to my cock. I wanted to drive myself into her warm chamber and make her
cry out my name. I wanted her to remember the physical and emotional connection that we shared.
I went upstairs with her, and we entered my bedroom. Kicking the door shut behind me, my mouth claimed hers in a searing
and intense kiss. She melted against my mouth, her hands coming around the back of my head and tangling in my hair,
deepening the kiss and clinging herself to me.
She moans into my mouth, and I take that as an opportunity to slide my tongue between her parted lips and taste what I’m
claiming as mine….what my wolf seemed to have already claimed.
When we were around Judy, my wolf’s guard was completely down. I didn’t like it, but I was getting used to it. He was weaker
around her, like he’d fall at her feet at any given moment.
I placed her gently on the bed, my lips never leaving hers, as I climbed on top of her. I took her bottom lip and brought it into my mouth, sucking and nipping at it until it was red and swollen. A low growl escaped my lips as I pinned her beneath me, her body writhing against mine, her curves moving along my ribbed abs and my cock twitched against her slightly exposed
belly as her shirt rode up.
I broke the kiss so I could trail open–mouth kisses along her jaw and neck. I paused at the nape of her neck, licking her sweet spot, making her suck in a sharp breath. I smirked, loving the effect that I had on her.
I took my time exploring her body; my hands expertly moving around her, touching and playing with each aspect of her as they’ve done a million times in the past. In slow movements, I peeled the clothes off her body; she wore a casual blouse and jeans, nothing fancy, and I knew she felt a little out of place when I took her to a fancy restaurant and she wasn’t wearing an elegant dress. But honestly, I didn’t care about any of that. I thought she was the most stunning woman in the world.
I kissed her breast, causing her to gasp just before I took her nipple into my mouth. She moaned out my name softly, and I loved how it sounded on her lips. It only drove me to suck on her nipple even harder, feeling them pebble in my mouth.
I kissed down her body, her back arching as I reached her lower abdomen. I peppered a soft kiss just below her belly button, and I swear I felt her shuddering from the sensation. I looked up at her and saw that her eyes were hooded and unfocused as she looked back at me. I could see the lust in her eyes and my cock ached in my pants.
I kissed and nipped at her inner thighs, causing her to suck in a sharp breath. I could smell her desires for me, and it made my mouth water. Her juices were practically pouring out of her, and I grinned before I devoured the meal laid out before me.
She gasped as I buried my face between her legs, sucking and nipping at her clit before my tongue dove into her. She moaned and felt her hands draped in my hair, holding me in place as I took my fill. I loved her wiggling and moaning, chasing her
pleasure.
Her orgasm hit her with all its force, and she came undone on my face. I couldn’t lap her up fast enough; my wolf was in absolute bliss. My face glistened with her juices as I kissed up her body. She grabbed at my clothes, struggling to get them
off, eager to touch my bare skin.
###Take 652
Chapter 652 
I chuckled almost darkly as I covered her mouth with mine, allowing her to taste herself on my lips.
“Eager little thing,” I said against her lips.
“Shut up and help me undress you,” she replied, her tongue slipping out and into my mouth.
I sucked her tongue into my mouth, giving it a playful bite before I pulled back. She was panting heavily; her hair was askew
Her eyes were filled with lust, and my heart skipped a beat at the sight of her.
I took off my shirt, throwing it on the floor, before I stripped out of my pants and boxers. I didn’t leave her waiting for long; before she could blink, I was between her legs. I could feel my wolf surging for control, but I feared what he might do if he
was in control. He was unpredictable when it came to Judy.
“Tell me you’re mine,” I whisper against her lips, my voice coming out deeper than usual.
She sucked in a sharp breath when I pressed my erection against her eager entrance, only grazing the surface.
“W…what?” She rasped out.
I low growl escaped my throat.
“Tell me you are mine,” I repeated, nipping at her lips and pressing my erection against her even harder.
She moaned; she wrapped her legs around me and attempted to pull me closer. I was strong, though I had kept myself under control despite my wolf’s desperate attempts for control.
“I…” her voice trailed off, and I could feel her worry and fear, I could feel her anxiety… but mostly, I could feel her need for me.”
I…” she tried again, her voice quivering.
The last time she belonged to someone else… the last time she allowed someone to claim her; he had hurt her. He let her
down in the worst way, and she feared it might happen again if she gave herself to me.
“You… are … mine,” I said again, my teeth grazing her bottom lip.
She let out a shuddering breath as tears welled up in her eyes. I know this was sudden for her; I had never said anything like
this before. But she needed to know that in my heart, I was claiming her.
She let out a moan as I let my tip enter her, teasing her.
“Tell me,” I whispered, my lips claiming hers for a moment before I pulled back.
“Yours…” she whispered back as she caught her breath. “I’m yours…”
I grinned, my eyes darkening as I slammed myself insider of her, engulfing my cock in her warmth. She let out a loud moan
as she clawed at my back, marking me.
My eyes found the faint outline of Ethan’s mark on her neck, and a possessiveness was awakened in me. I felt a sudden surge of anger knowing that his mark was still on her, even if it was faded and she could barely feel the bond anymore… I hated that his teeth were inside of her, claiming her. My wolf growled at the very thought, jealousy seeping into him. How dare another
male claim what was his… how dare another male claim her and want her.
She would never belong to Ethan again.
I licked her neck, smelling her sweet scent as I continued to thrust inside of her. She wrapped herself around me, deepening me, her core swallowing me in a way that I’ve never felt before. I captured her lips with mine, my wolf surging forward and causing my teeth to graze and nip hers until I tasted blood.
I pulled back and gazed down at her; her eyes were hooded with lust.
1/2
Chapter 652
+25 BONUS 
“I love you…” Her voice came out as barely a whisper, a hesitant front that made my heart stutter. I could see the nervousness
and worry on her face, and I wanted so badly to take it away from her.
I couldn’t stop it even if I wanted to. But for that split moment… I didn’t.
I didn’t want to stop it.
I didn’t want to stop my wolf from surging forward so fast that I couldn’t comprehend what was happening. I didn’t want to
stop him from taking control. Besides, it was too late.
My teeth elongated as my wolf’s eye shone through, and soon, my teeth were sinking deep into her neck. She gasped out as my mark overpowered Ethan’s. The second I marked her, my wolf howled inside of me, and something slammed into me with so much force, I nearly fell backwards.
My mind was screaming something so powerfully that I had to pull back as my lips spoke the words out loud.
“Mate!”
###Take 653
Chapter 653
Judy’s POV
The bond snapped into place with such force that it was like a slap in the face. I had never heard my wolf cry out in such a way before, but when she howled and the word “Mate” came out of my mouth, I stared up at Gavin with shock.
A second chance, mate, was incredibly rare. The Moon Goddess will give you one if she deems you worthy enough, but I had never done anything that would constitute me worthy enough of the Moon Goddess’s blessing.
But there was no mistaking the bond; the second he marked me, it opened up that window, and now I was staring into the eyes of my mate. The bond I had with Ethan completely snapped, and I’m sure it was painful for him.
He traced my jawline with his fingers as he looked at me; the turmoil in his eyes, the fear, the love, the confusion… everything I was feeling was hidden in his eyes, reflecting back at me. My bottom lip quivered from his touch; his eyes dropped to my mouth before meeting my eyes. He was still inside of me, but neither of us moved despite the extreme flow of pleasure we both felt. The electricity coursing through my veins from his close proximity was almost enough to make me orgasm on the
spot.
“Mark me back,” he whispered, baring his neck to me. The desperate plea in his voice made me weak in the knees, and I was thankful that I was lying down on the bed. His nose brushed against my jaw as he whispered, “Make me yours.”
He didn’t have to tell me twice… or my wolf. Without much thought, my teeth elongated as my wolf took control, and my
teeth sank into his neck, the final part of our bond sealing into place. 1
Suddenly, his emotions, his fears, his wants… everything… was pouring into me as if they were my own. The sudden force of
it all was so much that I did actually have an orgasm.
My orgasm seemed to have triggered his, because suddenly, we were both coming undone. He fell on top of me, though he
used his arms to support himself, so he wasn’t crushing me, but I could tell his entire body had given out.
We fought to catch our breaths for a few moments before he lifted his head and planted soft kisses on the nape of my neck,
right over his mark, making me shudder in pure delight.
“Mine,” he whispered, his tongue darting out to lick my mark. I felt warm all over, and a flurry of butterflies attacked my
stomach. “All mine… forever mine.”
with
My wolf was purring with absolute glee, and I couldn’t help but smile. Gavin rolled us over, keeping his arms wrapped around me like he was afraid I would slip away at any moment. His fingers traced a pattern on my back, sending warmth coursing through my body, and I couldn’t help but snuggle closer to him, loving how it felt to be wrapped in his arms and protected like I was the only thing that mattered at this moment.
“I can’t believe this is happening,” I found myself whispering, breaking through the silence that sat between us.
“A second chance, mate, isn’t something I thought I’d ever have,” he admitted, his tone low and still kind of sultry. It went straight to my core; was I ever going to get enough of this man? “I’m not sure what I did to deserve it.”
“I feel the same,” I told him, my voice coming out barely above a whisper. “After Ethan-”
Gavin growled, cutting off my thoughts. I looked up at him and saw the furious look on his face, his wolf fighting
“Don’t speak Ethan’s name after I just marked you,” he said, darkly.
for control.
I blinked at him; I’ve seen this side of him before, but never directed at me. I wanted to open my mouth to say something snarky in return, not liking how he was speaking to me, or his sudden mood change after such an intimate moment. But something inside of me stopped me; a twinge of something that niggled in my gut. 2
It was the mate bond.
1/2
EZIN AUDIOTER It was telling me something; a flow of emotions was bubbling in my heart and mind. I let them in, thinking at first that they were mine, but they weren’t. They were filled with something darker… something primal.
It was jealousy like no other.
Gavin’s emotions weren’t black and white; they were all over the place. But the one that truly stood out to me was the jealousy he felt when hearing Ethan’s name. Just the mere mention of my ex–boyfriend’s name sent his mind into complete turmoil, and all he could think and feel was that he needed to protect what was his. 2
Bringing up Ethan… his reaction to hearing his name after he just claimed me as his, it hurt him and worried him that I was thinking of another male at a time like this.
Knowing this now, I put my hand on his chest to feel his rapid heartbeat, hoping to reach both him and his wolf.
“I’m yours,” I tell him, placing a soft kiss on his chest, right where my hand was placed. “I think I’ve always been yours.”
###Take 654
Chapter 654
His body seemed to have relaxed, and his wolf’s presence wasn’t as potent. His gaze softened when he looked at my face, and before I knew it, his lips were crashing into mine. He was tasting what belonged to him, taking what he needed from me. I let out a guttural moan as his tongue slipped into my mouth and explored me eagerly. I felt his teeth grazing against my bottom lip, drawing it into his mouth and making it swollen and red.
When he finally pulled back, we were both breathless and panting, needing so much more from one another.
“If I knew you were my second chance mate, I would have killed him a long time ago,” he said, his lips hovering inches above mine. “I would never let anyone hurt you. There would be a path of bodies behind me from anyone who had ever wronged you!”
I couldn’t help but laugh; he looked so serious, and his expression was earnest.
“Your own daughter wronged me at one point,” I reminded him. “I wouldn’t expect you to hurt her over it.”
His expression changed for a moment as he thought about how Irene had wronged me. She tried to get rid of me when she thought I wanted Ethan for myself. She had no idea that I had feelings for her father; she thought I was still pining over my ex. She did a lot of shitty things to make sure I left their lives, but her attempts were futile. I’m not so easy to get rid of.
Thankfully, Irene and I are okay now, though I can’t say I trust her fully. I can’t blame Matt for not trusting her fully either; she did come close to killing him. I know she wasn’t aiming to kill him, but she almost did, and that’s something that Matt will have trouble fully forgiving.
“You’re right,” he finally said, his voice softening. “I wouldn’t have hurt her. But I wouldn’t have let her off as easily either.”
“You would have done worse than making her move away from the Villa?” I asked, raising my brows. “You pretty much kicked her out.”
“I did that for her protection. Matthew’s wolf would have killed her otherwise.”
I knew he was right, but I also knew that a part of him wanted her out of the villa because he was so angry with her for what she had done. He didn’t trust her after that, and he wanted to ensure everyone’s safety by making her leave. He couldn’t exactly banish her, and I knew he would never kill her. 2
I nodded at his words, biting my lower lip.
“She thought she was doing what she had to,” I told him.
Gavin turned his head and kissed the top of mine.
“Not many would see it that way,” he murmured, his lips still pressed against me. “Most would want to get rid of her for what she had done. But not you…”
I lifted my head to look at him.
“She’s your daughter,” I told him. “I would never want to get rid of her. She’s a part of you. She’s your family… which I guess now makes her my family.”
“Even before she became your family, you still saw the good in her,” Gavin told me, holding me a little tighter. “How can you be so forgiving?”
I thought about it for a moment.
“Because I know what it’s like to be driven mad with jealousy,” I admitted. “At one point, my wolf would have done anything to keep Ethan by her side. What stopped her was seeing in real time that Ethan didn’t want us… he made that perfectly clear when he proposed to another woman right in front of us. Like we were nothing to him. But if he hadn’t done that… if I had only heard about Irene through the grapevine and rumors, there’s no telling what I would have done to keep Ethan by my
1/2
side. There’s no telling what I would have done to her to get her to back off if I thought for a second that she was the pursuer and Ethan was innocently trying to remain faithful. I would want someone to forgive me if the situation were reversed… so
that’s why it’s easy for me to forgive her.” 1
Gavin was quiet for a long while as he processed my words, and when he spoke, my heart skipped a beat, only to beat even faster.
“I will never give you a reason to doubt my love for you, Judy,” he vowed. “I belong to you, just as you belong to me. Ethan was an idiot for letting you go, and I’m not going to make the same mistake he did.”
He rolled on top of me, making me gasp, but then I let out a breathy chuckle as his lips found mine and he kissed me sweetly.
“You’re it for me,” he whispered against my lips. “You’re my everything, and I will make sure you feel that every single day of our lives.” B
###Take 655
Chapter 655 
Judy’s POV 
+25 BONUS 
I woke up the next morning alone in Gavin’s bed. I knew he had a lot to do today, especially with the rogue threat, but from the morning light cascading through the closed curtains, it was early. I honestly thought maybe he’d want to see me this morning. Being alone, I felt a little abandoned, and it gave me an unsettled feeling in the pit of my stomach. 4 
I slipped out of bed, noticing my clothes scattered on the ground. I was completely naked and suddenly felt a bit vulnerable. I’ve never felt this out of place before, and my heart hammered in my chest. I didn’t have any of my clothes in this room, and I didn’t exactly want to sneak into the next wing of the mansion and grab clothes from my former bedroom, clothes that I left here in case I ever spent the night again. 
I thought about putting my clothes, from last night, back on, but something stopped me. I glanced at the closet across the room, and heat formed across my cheeks. Gavin’s closet. It was filled with his clothes, and my wolf basked in the thought of being covered in his scent. 
I padded over to the closet, my bare feet hitting the floor softly as I made my way across the room. I opened his walk–in closet door and glanced at all the clothes he had neatly hung up. On one side was all his formal clothing, and on the other side was more casual attire. I glanced around and saw that there were also dressers and mirrors in his closet. It was like a mini store, and it made me smile. I don’t think I’ve ever seen the inside of his closet before. It was kind of nice; there was a small chandelier hanging on the ceiling that provided a glittering light, and 
all the clothes displays also had their own light as well. 
He took his clothing very seriously. 
I walked further into his closet and made my way to one of his dressers. The one I stood in front of had a mirror, and I got a good look at myself. I gawked at my face; I barely recognized myself. My cheeks were flushed still from last night, and my eyes seemed almost brighter. There was an essence about me that almost glowed with radiance, and I wondered if it was the pregnancy glow that I’ve been hearing so much about. This was the first time I’ve actually seen it myself, and now I see why others have been telling me that I’m glowing. 
My lips were plumper from Gavin’s deep kisses, and my breasts were almost bigger as well. I stared down at my rounded hips. I hadn’t popped yet because I was only a couple of months pregnant, but I wasn’t exactly thin either. Not like I used to be. The body I worked so hard to maintain over the years was rounding and becoming softer. I wondered if I would still make a good gamma with a body like this, and I suddenly felt a bit discouraged. 
My eyes scanned my body a bit further until they landed on the mark on my neck. Gavin’s mark completely covered the spot that Ethan’s mark once sat. It was bright, fresh, and beautiful. I reached my fingers up to it and touched it delicately. It didn’t hurt, but it was a bit tender. A warmth radiated around me, and I couldn’t help the small smile that tugged at the corner of my lips. 
I pulled my eyes away from the mirror and opened one of the drawers. It was Gavin’s underwear and socks. I quickly shut the drawer, feeling as if I had just invaded his privacy. Clearing my throat, I opened another drawer, relieved to see some T–shirts. 
Gavin towered over me, so I knew whatever I picked out would be huge. I pulled out a T–shirt, and immediately my body reacted to it. It smelled just like him. I inhaled deeply, allowing a moment of complete bliss to wash over me. I couldn’t help the small growl that escaped my throat as my wolf got her fill of the scent as well. 
###Take 656
Chapter 656 
1 slipped the shirt over my head and allowed it to fall over my body. It rested just at my knees, fitting me like a loose dress. 
My stomach growled. I was hungry, which meant my baby was hungry. 
After I left Gavin’s room, padded down the hallway. The mansion sounded so quiet without there being any staff or guests lingering around. Gavin gave everyone the night off last night and made them all stay elsewhere so we could have the entire place to ourselves. Not that it was necessary. He had an entire wing of the mansion for himself, and it’s not like anyone could hear anything going on from his bedroom, but I wasn’t going to argue with him. I enjoyed having Gavin all to myself for the night without any interruptions. 
I wondered what time everyone would be returning; it’s not like they’d stay away all day, and plus, I missed Nan. I needed some time with my best friend so we could catch up on everything. I need to know everything that’s happened since I’ve been gone for the last few weeks. 
I hadn’t seen her in about 3 weeks, and so much had changed. She went from not trusting Chester to being engaged to him and adopting a baby. I needed to know every detail of that story. 
I stepped into the kitchen, planning on cooking something quick for breakfast, but froze when I saw a very shirtless and extremely hot Gavin standing over the stove, frying some eggs and bacon. His back was turned towards me, so he hadn’t heard me come in yet… or at least he didn’t make any notion that he did hear me entering. I took a moment to allow my gaze to linger on him; his strong and smooth back, nothing but my scratches marking him up. His rounded and muscular butt that fit in his sweatpants perfectly and made my mouth go completely dry. I wanted to reach my hands in his pants and take more of what was mine. 3 
The fact that he was still here… that he hadn’t left me, made my heart skip a beat. 
The se pot beeped just as he finished scrambling the eggs. He turned off the stove and started to plate the food. 
Just as he turned to the coffee pot, he paused when he saw me standing in the doorway. His eyes met mine for the slightest of moments, his gaze soft and filled with a love that I realized I had never experienced before. His gaze traveled down to my body, and I saw his eyes darken with what I knew to be lust and a primal need only a mate could feel. 
“You’re wearing my shirt,” he said, his tone strained as if it pained him to speak at all. 
My cheeks flushed as I glanced down at the shirt and then back at him. 
“Yeah, sorry. I didn’t have any clothes in your room and-” 
Before I could finish that sentence, he closed the gap between us and took me into his arms, his lips finding mine. He kissed me deeply, his tongue pushing into my mouth and taking his fill of me. I couldn’t help but moan into his mouth as I melted against him. His arms around me kept me from falling to the ground. He broke the kiss briefly as his lips trailed across my jaw and down the nape of my neck. 
He inhaled deeply and let out a shuddering breath, leaving me trembling and aching for him. 
“Don’t ever apologize for wearing my clothes,” he said in a sultry tone. “I love it when you’re covered in my scent. I almost want to throw away all your clothes and only have you wear mine going forward.” 
Het out a breathy chuckle. 
“I love being covered in your scent, too,” I tell him, wrapping my arms around his neck and pulling myself closer to him. “But some of my clothes were expensive, and I’d prefer if you didn’t throw them away.” 
###Take 657
Chapter 657 
That wasn’t a lie, I had worked hard for some of those clothes, and wasn’t going to let him get rid of them. He smiled as he peppered soft kisses along my neck. 
“Fine,” he murmured. “How about a compromise?” 
“What kind of compromise?” I leaned my head back, allowing him better access. 
“You wear my shirts to bed and whenever you’re lounging around the house,” he said, nipping at my neck and making me tremble in his arms. “I want to come home to you like this every night.” 
I let out a breath and melted even further into him. 
 
“I can do that,” I whispered, my eyes fluttering as I basked in his close proximity. 
“Perfect,” he whispered back as his lips found mine once again. 
Our moment was interrupted by his phone ringing. He groaned, but he pulled back. We both knew it could be important. Our time in bliss was over, and reality was quickly setting in. He grabbed his phone off the counter and glanced at the screen. 
“It’s Taylor,” he murmured. 
“It could be important,” I told him, knowing that if Taylor was calling him this early, it probably had something to do with the rogue issues. 
He nodded as he answered the phone, pressing it to his cheek. 
“What’s up?” He asked. 
There was a moment of pause where Taylor spoke, and Gavin’s eyes darkened. 
“I’ll be there soon,” he said, hanging up the phone. I felt a jab of disappointment that he was leaving, but I understood. He was not only the Alpha of this pack, but a Lycan. He had a huge responsibility, and I knew I couldn’t keep him here with me forever. I’m sorry,” he told me, reading my expression like a book. He put his hands on my shoulders and looked into my eyes. “I’ll come to see you later. But I have to deal with these issues before they become bigger.” 
I nodded. 
“I understand,” I told him. “I have things to do today, too. I’m going to see my parents and go with them to the Redmoon packhouse.” 
He nodded. 
“Take Erik with you.” 
I narrowed my eyes. 
“I don’t need protection,” I told him. 
(( 
“You are my mate and the future Luna of this pack. I don’t want you leaving without some sort of gamma protection,” he told me, leaving me no room for argument. I thought about bringing up the fact that I, too, was a gamma, but I didn’t because I could feel his worry and love for me. So, I just nodded. 1 
“Okay,” I relented. 
He smiled and gave me a brief kiss. “Also, I made breakfast. I’m sorry I can’t sit and eat with you like I planned, but please, eat as much as you can. You are eating for two after all.” 
He bent and kissed my belly lovingly. 
“I will,” I told him, running my fingers through his hair. 
1
###Take 658
Chapter 658 
Judy’s POV 
“Holy fuck! He marked you?!” Nan shrieked from the doorway of the kitchen. I texted her as soon as Gavin left, and she wasted no time in making an appearance. The staff hadn’t returned yet, so it was only the two of us in this huge mansion. I had just finished eating breakfast and was cleaning the dishes when Nan showed up. 
The first thing she noticed was the mark on my neck. I had my hair pulled up and in a messy bun, so my mark was on full display. It’s not like I was planning on hiding it or anything; I was proud of his mark and was excited to show it off. However, I didn’t want to tell Irene or Matt about it just yet. I wanted Gavin and I to tell them together in a proper setting. 
I smiled at her as I put the last dish in the dishwasher and shut the door. I turned to look at her and nodded, feeling my cheeks 
flushed. 
“Yeah, it happened last night,” I told her. “I’m not sure what came over him… one minute we were having sex and the next minute he couldn’t control his wolf anymore. He marked me and I didn’t stop him.” 
“Holy shit,” she gasped as she came closer to me, her eyes never leaving the mark. “It’s beautiful, way better than the mark Ethan left on you. He’s such scum. I never knew what you saw in him.” 
She crinkled her nose like she smelled something foul. I grinned; Nan always made her feelings towards Ethan vocal 
“At least now he has no more ties to you.” 
“Our ties had all but died long ago,” I told her. “Yeah, his mark still lingered, but I could barely feel the bond. It didn’t hurt when he fucked other women anymore. Not since Gavin and I first got together.” 
I remen bered how painful it was when Ethan was intimate with other women, especially Irene. It nearly destroyed my wolf; I shuddered at the thought. But then once I started sleeping with Gavin, things started to get better, and gradually, over time, the pain went away altogether. 
I wondered briefly if it ever hurt Ethan whenever I was intimate with Gavin… but I stopped caring about it long ago. 
“Yeah, but whenever he was around or nearby, your wolf still felt it, and some of that sorrow seeped back into your heart,” Nan reminded me. “You tried to hide it, but I’m your best friend and can read you like a book.” 
I knew she was right; I was relieved that it would no longer be a factor. I can now face Ethan without feeling any type of dread. 
“So, are you going to tell Irene and Matt?” She asked, sitting at the breakfast nook. 
“Yeah, we will have to. I can’t exactly hide this, and I refuse to be his dirty little secret,” I told her, with zero doubts in my 
She smiled proudly. 
“I’m so happy for 
you. To have a chosen mate is a beautiful thing because it means you chose each other for you and not your wolves,” she told me, stealing a piece of leftover bacon on the plate filled with bacon that Gavin left. Ldidn’t want to throw it away and waste it, so I figured I’d leave it on the counter for anyone who wants it when they return to the mansion. 
“Maybe at first that’s what it was,” I admitted. “But actually, he’s not a chosen mate.” 
She blinked as her eyes found mine. 
“What?” 
I bit my lip to keep from squealing. 
“At first, he was a chosen mate. Or at least, I thought he was. I mean, my wolf was always drawn to him, and it seemed his was drawn to me. But I thought it was only physical attraction. When we had sex last night, I thought it was just make–up sex after being gone for so long. The emotions of yesterday made my hormones all jumbled, and I just needed that physical closeness. It seemed he did, too. When he initially marked me, there was a point in time where I thought ‘this is the man I’m choosing as my mate from here on out…‘ but that thought quickly was replaced with the fact that my wolf immediately recognized him as hers.”. 
Chapter 658 
Nan’s mouth dropped open. 
“Wait… are you saying…” she started to say, but the shock of the matter was too much for her to finish that sentence. 
I knew what she was thinking, and I nodded. 
“Yes,” I whispered. “She recognized him as her mate. Not just my chosen mate… but as her actual mate.” 
“He’s your second chance…” She spoke it like a statement, not a question, but I nodded anyway. 
“Yes,” I answered. 
“Holy fucking shit, Judy!” She shrieked, jumping to her feet. “This whole time Gavin Landry was your mate?! How did you not know!!?” 1 
I laughed, unable to contain the glee I was feeling. 
“You know the rules of the second chance, mate, Nan,” I told her. “The Moon Goddess wanted us to choose one another in our hearts and not let our feelings be decided by our wolves alone. A second chance is a chance for us to heal ourselves from past wounds and choose one another fully. Once we mark each other, that’s when our wolves recognize one another officially as mates.” 
###Take 659
“Yeah, but there wasn’t a single hint that he could be your actual rate?” she asked, her eyes narrowed. “None?” 
I shook my head. 
“Other than my wolf liking him more than anyone else other than Ethan,” I said with a shrug. “She gave her stamp of approval, but she didn’t push for me to go after him. She was still hurting over her former mate to really go after another man. For me, it was mostly physical attraction at first, and then it grew into so much more after I got to know him. I had no idea what to expect.” 
“That’s incredible,” she breathed. “I never knew anyone who had a second chance, mate, so I never really knew what it was like. I’ve only heard stories from the internet. It’s very rare. You must be really special for the Moon Goddess to deem you worthy of a second chance.” 
I shrugged. 
“Maybe it’s Gavin that’s special and I’m just along for the ride.” 
“Don’t sell yourself short,” Nan said as she made her way to the coffee pot to pour herself a mug of coffee. “You are quite special, even if you don’t think so.” 
I bit my lower lip. 
“I don’t know,” I admitted, feeling slightly uncomfortable with the thought that I was special enough to gain the Moon Goddess’s favor. “But enough about me… what about you?” 
She blinked as she brought her mug to her lips. 
“What about me?” 
“Don’t give me that bullshit,” I teased. “You and Chester… not to mention Emalyn.” 
Nan blushed. 
“Oh, that,” she breathed. “Well, I guess it was unavoidable. He is my mate after all.” 
“But you didn’t trust him only weeks ago,” I told her. “What changed?” 
“He did,” she admitted. “He hasn’t even spoken to another woman since that hussy left the picture. He’s been so tentative and caring… seeing him with Emalyn… it did something to me and I realized that I might have misjudged him.” 
“So, you agreed to be his wife?” I asked, raising my brows. 
“Gavin didn’t want an unmarried couple adopting Emalyn, and we both grew so attached to her over the last few weeks admitted. “Marriage is only a piece of paper, and if that’s what we need to keep her in our lives, then that’s what we’ll c 
he 
I noticed she’s still unmarked, and an understanding washed over me. 
“Are you waiting to let him mark you?” I asked. 
She nodded, setting the mug of coffee on the counter in front of her. 
“For right now, yes,” she admitted. “I’m scared. I’m not as brave as you. But we will see what happens in the future. So far, he’s been amazing. Honestly, he’s the best boyfriend I’ve ever had. I’m falling in love with him… I’m just scared.” 
I wrap her in my arms and hug my best friend. 
“I’m sorry I haven’t been here,” I whispered. “I’m sorry I didn’t take any of your calls. I had my phone shut off these last few weeks, and I kind of dismissed my old life. I shouldn’t have done that to you.” 
“I understand why you left,” she admitted, tears brimming in her eyes. “I would have done the same thing.” 
I pulled back to look at her. 
Chapter 659 
+25 BONUS 
“I wouldn’t have stayed away forever. I just needed time,” I admitted. “You’re my family, Nan. I can’t do this thing called life without you.” 
She smiled at me, though tears still brimmed her eyes. 
“I can’t do this without you either,” she admitted, her voice dropping to a broken whisper. 
I hugged her again, tighter this time. 
After a moment, I pulled back and wiped the tears off my own cheeks, tears I hadn’t known had fallen until this moment. 
“I’m heading to the Redmoon pack today to see my parents. They want to pay Alpha Sampson and Luna Lucy a visit. I don’t think Sampson and Lucy had met anyone in the pack yet because of the turmoil from the day yesterday. Would you like to come with me? Unless you’re busy with Emalyn or something. 
She shook her head. 
“Emalyn is at the villa with Nan,” she told me. “Chester and I wanted some alone time last night, so Nan agreed to babysit. Chester is at the grocery store shopping so he can restock the kitchen before he picks her up. I have today off from work, so I’m completely available.” (5 
I grinned, relieved to hear that. 
“Good,” I said. “Let me get dressed, and we’ll head out.” 
She nodded as she stole another piece of bacon. Just before I left the kitchen, she called after me. 
I stopped and looked at her. 
“I’m ally glad you’re home.” 
I smiled back at her. 
“Me too,” I replied, and I truly meant those words. 
###Take 660
Chapter 660 
Judy’s POV 
When I came downstairs, Nan was waiting in the front parlor, scrolling through her phone. She looked up when she heard me approaching, and a soft smile spread across her face. She looked me over for a moment, an approving look in her eyes. 
I was wearing waist–high jeans that hugged my legs tightly, showing off my curves, and a white crop top that rested just below my breasts. 
“You look hot,” Nan said, wiggling her brows and making me laugh. I shake my head at her as I grab my purse off the counter. 
Soon, I won’t be able to wear this stuff. I hadn’t told Nan about my pregnancy yet, and I wasn’t sure when the right time would be. Nan followed after me as I made my way to the front door. When I pulled it open, I paused when I saw Erik standing outside. I frowned and folded my arms across my chest. 
“Did he have you stand guard? Like he’s afraid I’d take off without you?” I asked, narrowing my eyes at him. 2 
He shrugged, giving me a boyish grin. 
“You know Alpha Landry just worries,” he told me. “He always has. Besides, it could be worse. You could be stuck with a different Gamma. At least I’m your friend.” 1 
I tried my best to roll my eyes and appear unaffected, but if I were to say I wished it were someone else, that would be a lie, I liked Erik; he had become my friend over the last couple of years. He was someone I knew I could trust, and plus, he was great company when it came down to it. 
“Hey, Erik,” Nan said as she stepped past him and walked towards the waiting car. 
“Sp, Nan,” Erik said with a wink before looking back at me. “He just cares about you, Judy. Plus, I have a feeling you are going to be our Luna soon, and it’s common for a Luna to have her own personal bodyguard.” 
I narrowed my eyes at him. 
“I’m also a Gamma and I can handle myself,” I told him firmly. I knew I was just being stubborn. In all reality, I was grateful that I had Erik around. Now that my body was softer than it normally was and I was carrying a baby in my belly, I wasn’t so sure if I could handle myself if things went south. 
“Maybe so,” he said with a shrug. “Then think of me as your partner. Even the strongest Gamma could use some backup once in 
a while.” 
I studied him for a moment; I knew he was just doing his job, and he was very good at his job, or else Gavin would have fired him a long time ago. Even when he thought that Erik was into me, he still kept him around because Erik was the best at what he did. 
“You’re right,” I finally relented. “I’m just being difficult. I’m sorry.” 
It was these damn pregnancy hormones; it was making me all sorts of crazy. It’s not like I could tell Erik that detail, though, so I just walked past him and followed Nan to the car. We both got into the backseat while Erik got into the front driver’s seat. 
“So, where to?” He asked, glancing at me from the rearview mirror. 
“The Redmoon Packhouse. We are meeting my parents there,” I told him. 
He nodded and threw the car into drive. Nan was scrolling through her phone as the car moved forward, and when I glanced at her screen, I smiled. She was looking through the photos she took of Emalyn, a small smile placed on her face. 
“I can’t believe you are a mom now,” I told her, nudging her lightly on the shoulder. 
She glanced at me, a flush to her cheeks, which oddly enough made her look younger. 
“It still feels unreal,” she admitted. “I’m not entirely sure what I’m doing yet. But Chester is so good at being a dad. It’s like he was born for that role.” 
Chapter 660 
+25 BONUS 
“You’ll get good, too,” I assured her. “You’re new at this, and honestly, we never even talked about it before. We’ve been friends forever, and yet, I have no idea if you even want to be a mom.” 
She nibbled on her lower lip, her cheeks growing redder. 
“I always wanted to be a mom,” she admitted. “I wanted to be a better mom than the mom that I had.” 
Nan’s mom died when she was a teenager, and from what I remember and from what Nan had told me, she wasn’t a very good Mom. I remembered attending Nan’s 14(th) birthday party, and she was so excited to have her entire family together to celebrate her. Later that night, I stayed with her while she cried because her mom never showed up. She never even sent her a happy birthday text, which gutted her even more. A few weeks later, she was sent an expensive diamond bracelet from her mother as a late birthday present. 
Nan pretended that she was okay after that, and she wore the bracelet every single day. But I knew her better than that; I knew the sadness that lingered in her eyes and the heartbreak she was facing daily because of her own mother. 
###Take 661
Her mother died when Nan was 16, and her father developed a terrible drinking problem. They were divorced at that point, but he still loved her. I mean, she was his fated mate after all. The problem was, despite the mate bond they shared, her mother still slept around with other men, and it completely destroyed her father. He drowned himself in work and barely paid Nan any attention. Though, at least he showed up to her birthdays and other important events. But after her mother passed away, that stopped altogether. All he cared about was drinking away his life and forgetting the fact that he had a daughter. 
She spent the rest of her teenage life taking care of him, despite his constant drunken abuse and slander. I tried to get her to walk away and to live with me and my family, but she refused to leave her father behind. 
Family was family after all. 
She stayed with him until the day she got accepted to college. Even then, she still remained in that house, taking care of him all while studying and trying to be a good student. I helped her as much as I could, but I could only do so much while working on my own goals. 
Then, one day, after one too many beers, her father took things too far. He blamed Nan for her mother leaving him in the first place because, apparently, her mother never wanted kids, and Nan was an accident baby. He blamed Nan for the fact that her mother always stayed away and was never happy in the Redmoon pack… and apparently, she cheated on Nan’s father with one of Nan’s daycare workers, which was the first time she cheated. So. Nan’s father held a grudge against Nan for pretty much ruining his life. Nan didn’t know any of that stuff until that day he drank far more than he normally does. 
Nan was devastated and tried to plead her case against her father, but he was too far gone. He hit her, bruising her cheek and almost breaking her nose. I had just shown up, so Nan and I could go to school together, and I heard glass breaking. I heard Nan screaming out in pain, and I ran in to help her. I found her father standing over her with a broken shard of glass, like he was 
about to stab her. 
I was a year into my professional gamma training, but I had years of amateur experience under my belt. 
Needless to say, I kicked his ass and got Nan the hell out of there. I only faced some minor damage; he managed to cut me slightly on the arm from the glass he was holding. 
After I told my father what had happened, he brought it up to our Alpha at the time, and he ended up banishing Nan’s father, turning him into a rogue. Nan ended up living in the campus dorms, working two jobs, until she could afford her own apartment. Eventually, her first job at the Carter Resort promoted her, and she was making enough money to cover her bills without needing a second job. 1 
We aren’t entirely sure, but we think Nan’s father was the reason for that rogue attack that ended the lives of both our Alpha and Luna, along with many others. It was one of the worst attacks that we’ve ever had. Rogue attacks are a rarity because no one would be stupid enough to go against a Lycan. So, no one was really prepared for this attack. 
Gavin doubled the security after that attack and ended the lives of all the rogues involved. I’m not sure if Nan’s father was amongst them, but I think secretly, Nan believed that he was. 
She barely talks about her family anymore, and I never bring it up. But seeing her smiling at baby Emalyn’s photos makes my heart swell knowing that she’s creating her own little family. I know she’s going to be a better mom than hers was, and Chester was going to be a great dad. 
I wrap an arm around her and pull her into me. 
“I love you,” I say to her. “I’m always going to be here whenever you need it.‘ 
She smiled. 
“I know,” she said back. “And I love you too.” 
” 
We pulled up to the packhouse, and Erik turned off the engine. My mother and father had just arrived as well and were getting 
out of their car. 
“Ready to meet your new Alpha?” I asked her, glancing at Nan. 
She took a deep breath; I knew she was nervous because this pack hadn’t had great luck with Alphas. The last one was an asshole who thrived on power and the Luna was money hungry. Nobody was sad that they died, but they were worried about who would be the next Alpha. 
It’s been a few years since that happened, and Gavin still won’t appoint a new Alpha until now. All the candidates so far sucked and it worried Nan, along with everyone else, that this pack would never have a decent Alpha. 
She finally nodded. 
“Yes,” she said softly. “Let’s go.” 11 
TA 
###Take 662
Chapter 662 
Chapter 662 
Judy’s POV 
“I want to know everything you can about the Cash family,” I heard Sampson saying as soon as we entered the packhouse. 
“Yes, Alpha,” Aiden, Sampson’s Beta, said. “All I know so far is that Raymond is the former Alpha’s Beta. They are a strong and powerful family with a lot of influence, it seems.” 
“I need to know more,” Sampson told him with a scowl on his face 
Lucy stood beside him with her arms folded across her chest and a mournful look on her face. It’s been a little over a day since they’ve arrived, and we allowed them time to get settled in yesterday and mourn the downfall of the Redcliff pack. Today, it seems they were all about business and getting things back on track. 
“I’m also calling for a Redmoon pack meeting. I want everyone included,” Sampson continued. 
“Yes, Alpha,” Aiden said with a nod. 
I had never seen him quite so professional before; usually, he has a snarky remark or something, but like the others, he lost a lot during the rogue attack back in Redcliff, and my heart ached for them all. 
Aiden turned to leave, and his eyes found mine. He gave him a short nod before retreating. Sampson sighed and wrapped an arm around Lucy, who looked like she was about to crumble at any moment. I hated that she was having a tough time, and I wished I could take away her pain. She was usually such a bright and cheerful person, but it seemed after the rogue attack, the light had been taken away from her. 1 
“What’s going on?” I asked as I approached, my family behind me. 
Sampson finally noticed me, and he let out a breath. Lucy also noticed me, and she broke free from Sampson to hug me. 
“It was awful,” Lucy murmured. “I went to the Cash family manor this morning with some baked goods. I want to get to know the Beta family. I was hoping we could come up with a collab of a sort. I mean, it’s not like Sampson is going to fire Aiden as his Beta to make room for Raymond, but we could come up with a solution on how to keep Raymond on board so he could keep his Beta title.” 
I nodded. 
That was the tough thing about getting a new Alpha: The Beta of the pack could lose their title if the Alpha had a Beta already in mind. In this case, Aiden had worked for Sampson for years; they were also old–time friends, so it’s not like Sampson would get rid of Aiden for someone he just met, even if Raymond was here first. 
Besides, Raymond was getting up there in age; he was already set for life, considering his family was incredibly wealthy. He doesn’t have any other children who could become the Beta right now anyway, so the logical solution would be for him to step down and let Aiden take over. But I knew that wasn’t Raymond’s style. He wouldn’t go down without a fight. 
I knew a lot about the Cash family already, and I could tell them all the information they needed, but I needed to know what had happened first. 
“They had no idea who I was, but they knew I wasn’t from this pack,” she said, a sad expression on her face. “He got the memo -about the Redcliff pack and Redmoon pack merger, so he figured I was from the Redcliff pack. But he didn’t know I was the 
Luna.” 
I nodded, glancing at Sampson, who had his jaw clenched; he was furious, and it was known to anyone who was in his close proximity. 
“Well, they were just awful to me,” she murmured. “They put me down, told me that I’m not wanted. Told me to go back to where I came from. They even went as far as getting their security team to throw me off their property.” 
My mouth nearly dropped open; of course, I’m not surprised that they were nasty… but to be nasty to a Luna. That was punishable by death. Telling from the look in Sampson’s eyes, that’s exactly what he was thinking as well. 
1/3 
Chapter 662 
“I came straight home and told Sampson about it,” she concluded 
+25 BONUS 
“Those assholes,” Nan said, folding her arms across her chest, her lips pressed in a thin line. “They don’t deserve the Beta title. Just because they are a little stronger than others in this pack, doesn’t give them the right to treat people like shit like they do.” 
“So, they are known for this?” Sampson asked, his eyes focused on Nan now. 
She nodded and rolled her eyes. 
“Yup,” she muttered. “They’ve always been nasty. Thank God Judy is no longer with their son.” 
I glanced at Nan, willing her to shut up, but once she gets started, it’s hard for her to stop. The word vomiting came out before 1 could even process it. 
“He was a jerk and treated Judy like shit even when she didn’t know it. But I never liked him or his stupid family,” Nan continued, shaking her head with dismay written all over her face. 
Sampson glanced at me, his brows raised. 
‘You were with their son?” He asked. 
I sighed. 
“He was my fated mate,” I explained. 
“Wait, what” Lucy asked, her eyes wide as she stared at me. “You had a fated mate and you never told me” 
I bit my lip; there was a lot I never told her. I never told her about my life in this pack because I didn’t want to remember any of it. 
A 
Chapter 663 
###Take 663
Chapter 663 
+25 BONUS 
“I’m sorry,” I told her softly. “There were a lot of 
I kept froth you.” 
“I don’t understand why,” Lucy said, her brows pinched together I thought we were friends…. At least, I wanted us to be friends.” 
“We are friends,” I assured her, stepping closer to h arrived at the Redcliff pack, I was running away from was living in the past.” 
She blinked at me, trying to process what I had just 
“I’m 
said. 
sorryhat I kept these things from you. Truth be told, when I old life. wanted to start over, so talking about these things felt like I 
“Were you telling the truth when you said you didn’t have a phone” She asked. 
I winced at the lie I told her, and I knew she saw it because her eyes grew wide. 
“I had my phone shut off for the last few weeks to avoid my friends and family. I was a coward and was afraid to turn it on,” I 
admitted. “So, I told you that I didn’t have a phone,” ” 
She stared at me for a long while, processing all that she’s learned 
“I see,” she said softly. “Was anything you told me the truth?” 
“That was the only thing I lied about,” I assured her. “Everything else, I just didn’t tell you because it hurt too much to talk about. I want to tell you everything, though, if you’d just give me the chance to do so.” 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to cause issues,” Nan said, a bit sheepishly. “Talking about the Cash family just riles me up after everything they’ve done to Judy.” 
Lucy glanced at Nan, her pale blue eyes scanning her from head to toe. 
“And you are?” Lucy asked. 
Nan flushed. 
“Oh, sorry, Luna,” Nan said, bowing her head slightly. “I am Nan Bigsby. I’m not really anybody. I’m just a waitress and bartender at the Carter resort.” 
“She’s the head staff at the Carter resort,” I told them, putting my arm around Nan. “Don’t let her sell herself short. She’s an aspiring chef and is working hard to make her dream of owning her own restaurant a reality. Delta Carter is even featuring some of her latest dishes on his menu and letting her cook more than bartend lately.” 
Nan blushed at my candid words. 
“It’s really nothing,” she said, letting out a nervous chuckle. “I’ve worked for him for years; he’s just being nice.” 
“Carter doesn’t do things just to be nice,” my father said “ight, don’t sell yourself short.” He then turned to Sampson.” 
I’m Delta Richard. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Alpha.” 
“Are you talking about Delta Patrick Carter?” Sampson asked, his brows raised as he shook my father’s hand. “Alpha Landry’s 
Delta?“. 
“That’s the one,” my father confirmed. 
Sampson looked at Nan appreciatively. 
are 
“To have him vouch for your cooking is a huge deal. They right that’s a big accomplishment. I’m still trying to figure things out around here, and it seems this packhouse hasn’t been used in years. But I’m going to need a chef to run this kitchen. Maybe while you work on your dreams, you’d want to take over that role? 
Nan’s eyes grew wide as she stared at Sampson. 
1/3 
Chapter 663 
“Are you serious?” She asked. 
She then looked at me, and I grinned at her. 
+25 BONUS 
“Can I think about it?” Nan asked as she glanced at Sampson. I knew she needed to speak to Chester about it and figure out what to do about Emalyn while they both worked. In Nan’s current position, she worked mostly at night, and Chester worked mostly during the day, so they could be there for Emalyn around the clock. But if she were to take Sampson up on his job offer, she would be working the same hours as Chester. 
“Yes, of course,” Sampson said, nodding to her. He then turned to my father. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. Perhaps I can steal your time for a bit, and we can talk about pack matters. I obviously don’t know much about this pack, and I’d love to pick your brain.” 
“Yes, of course,” my father said proudly. He then put an arm around my mother. “This is my wife, Michele.” 
Sampson smiled at my mother. 
“You can call me Shelly,” my mother said, shaking his head. 
“These are my parents,‘ I told them. 
Sampson’s eyes grew wide, as did Lucy’s. 
“Your parents?” Lucy said, her mouth dropping open. “You never spoke about your family. I had no idea you came from a Delta family.” 
“There’s a lot you don’t know,” I told her. “Maybe we should go somewhere and talk?” 
She looked between me and Nan, an uncertain look clouding her eyes. 
“I want to tell you everything, Lucy,” I told her. “Because you are my friend. Let me introduce you to Nan properly. This is my best friend, and we want you to be a part of our inner circle.” 
“We do?” Nan asked, her brows furrowed. 
“Yes,” I said, giving her a look. “We do.” 
Nan shrugged and then smiled at Lucy. 
“Okay, I guess we do. How about a girls‘ night tonight? We can invite Irene, too.” 
I looked at Lucy, expectantly. 
“What do you say?” I asked her. 
She thought about it for a moment, looking between the two of us, before she sighed. 
“Okay, let’s have a girls‘ night.” 3 
###Take 664
Chapter 664 
Gavin’s POV
“Tell me you figured out why our security went down,” I said as I walked into my office to see Taylor.
“Even better,” Taylor said, leaning back in the desk chair as if he owned the place.
+25 BONUS 
If he figured out a way to get our servers back and the cause of the sue, I might promote him. Though it’d suck to lose him as a Beta if I were to make him an Alpha, he’d deserve it.
“I was able to trace the threat back to its original source,” he said, smug smile on his face.
I grinned.
“What asshole thought they could break into our security system and not think we’d notice?” I asked, although a part of me already knew the answer.
“Take a wild guess,” Taylor murmured.
I rolled my eyes.
“Fucking Levi,” I muttered. This wasn’t the first time he’s tried to hack into our system, though he’s never gotten as far as to actually shut down our security system. I had a feeling he was behind this bullshit, and I was ready to put a stop to him.
“Yeah, and I hacked Judy’s messages too,” Taylor said.
I narrowed my eyes at him; I didn’t ask him to hack Judy’s messages or even dig up dirt concerning her. In fact, I didn’t want him to do any of that. I didn’t want Judy to find out and think that I was looking into her because I didn’t trust her.
“Why the fuck would you do that?” I asked him, unable to hide the dark bite in my tone.
“I was suspicious,” Taylor said with a shrug.
“I didn’t ask you to be suspicious of her,” I said, my wolf agitated.
Now that I knew for certain that Judy was my fated mate… my second chance mate… and we already marked one another, I didn’t like the fact that my Beta was suspicious of her, or even think about her for that matter.
I was wearing a turtle neck so he couldn’t see the mark, but my wolf was about to make himself known if he didn’t choose his next words carefully.
Taylor frowned at my expression, a nervous glint in his eyes as he cleared his throat.
“I just mean… she ended up in Levi’s territory pretty suddenly. She’s never mentioned it before, and then suddenly she’s gone. I was suspicious about it. It wasn’t anything Judy had done… rather, was worried Levi was feeding her false information to get her away from you…”
Now my world’s agitation was directed elsewhere. The fact that someone was trying to take my Judy away from me pissed me the fuck off.
“What did you fine?” I asked through gritted teeth.
“Levi had been in contact with her periodically since the competition,” he told me. “Trying to convince her to come to his territory and work for him. He gave her a bunch of false promises, and she was unconvinced by him at first. It didn’t seem like she was remotely interested, but over time, she started to become more open to the idea. She was only in contact with Ron on behalf of Levi. Then at the very end, something must have happened because he made the quick decision to accept the job,” Taylor told me.
I swallowed.
“That must have been when she thought Rachel and I were getting married,” I told him, shuddering at the memory of Judy telling me what Rachel had told her.
183
Chapter 664
+25 BONUS 
Taylor nodded.
“Yeah, that sounds about right,” he muttered. “Well, she left here and went there, and then their communication completely stopped. But a week later, the rogue attacks in the Redcliff started to happen.”
My jaw was tight, and I thought I was going to dig my nails into the flesh of my palms. Fury was rising in me; I wanted to kill somebody. It was Levi’s fault that Judy had left… well, part of it was my fault for neglecting her, but Levi fed her false information.
“That’s not all,” Taylor said, a sheepish expression on his face.
I wasn’t sure how much I could handle before my wolf completely lost control, but I needed to hear what he had to say.
“What more is there?” I asked.
“Rachel…” he muttered, meeting my eyes. “Her real name is Lila, and she’s the chosen mate of Levi Churchill.”
I nearly exploded.
“What the actual fuck are you talking about?” I asked. “What do you mean by her real name?”
“I mean, she gave you a fake name. She’s not a real nurse. She’s an actress who would do anything for Levi, including dedicating years of her life to the ultimate role,” Taylor explained. ‘Nothing she ever told you was real, and honestly, she was probably the one who helped your sister and her boyfriend leave the pack all those years ago. She was fake, just like I suspected.”
###Take 665
Chapter 665 
“She’s been working with Levi?” I asked. “This whole time?”
+25 BONUS 
“Is that so surprising?” Taylor asked, raising his brows. “She already admitted to being a spy in the beginning and playing you. Did you really think she wasn’t doing the same thing now? Plus, we already figured out she was a liar when she told Judy that you two were engaged. That was the final nail in the coffin that made Judy leave the pack.”
“But I don’t understand why Levi would do all of this,” I said, shaking my head. “What’s the fucking point? To make my life a living hell?”
“That and to distract you from what was really going on,” Taylor said, motioning for the computer.
I blinked at him.
“You think Levid is all of this as a mere distraction?” I asked. “So, he could hack our system and leak important company information?”
Taylor shrugged, and he let out a deep sigh.
“I’m honestly not too sure,” Taylor admitted. “But it’s likely that this whole thing was just a plan to take over your company. Everything else was to distract you and honestly, it might have worked if I wasn’t here to figure shit out.”
“Don’t get cocky with me,” I said, bitterly. “We still need to figure out how to get our servers back and put a stop to this whole thing before it’s too late. We have rogues monitoring the territory, like they are waiting for something big to happen.”
“I won’t let that happen,” I said, shaking my head. “They’ll face their deaths soon enough.”
Taylor nodded, his eyes remaining on the computer.
Just then, my phone started to go off in my pocket. I grabbed my phone and glanced at the screen, a small smile tugging at the corner of my lips when I saw Judy’s name flash across.
I swiped the talk button and turned away from Taylor.
“Hey,” I said into the phone.
“Hey, how are things going?” Judy asked, her tone light and sending warmth throughout my entire body.
“Still trying to figure shit out but I think we are at a good place,” I tell her. “Hopefully, this territory won’t be under a threat for much longer.”
“That’s good. I knew you’d be able to figure something out,” she said; the calmness in her voice made me smile.
“Actually, it was Beta Taylor who did most of the legwork,” I told her. “I’m not sure what I’d do without him.”
“You make a great team,” she told me, making my heart skip a beat. “I was just talking to Sampson and Lucy, introducing them to my family, when Sampson told me that the Cash family was nasty to Lucy.”
The change of subject made me frown, and then her words registered, making me frown even deeper.
“What do you mean they were nasty?” I asked, my tone deepening
“They called her names and told her to go back to where she came from. Then they had security throw her off their property,” she explained. “Sampson was pissed and wants to deal with them
A low growl escaped me; I didn’t know Lucy that well, but I knew she didn’t deserve that treatment, especially from lowlife scum. She was also Judy’s friend and only true support system when she arrived at the Redcliff pack… I feel I owe it to her and Samposn for taking care of my mate.
“I’ll deal with them,” I said, matter–of–factly. “Tell Lucy and Sampson to hold tight.”
“Are you sure?” Judy asked. “That’s not the reason I called. I just wanted to tell you what had happened, so you weren’t in the
1/3
Chapter 665
dark.”
“I’m not letting the Cash family get away with their treatment of others anymore. I’ve had about enough of them.” “Okay, well, I just wanted to let you know that I’m having a girls‘ night tonight at the mansion.”
+25 BONUS 
I let out a disappointed breath; I figured she’d want to get together with the girls sooner rather than later, but I still felt a jab of disappointment in my chest. I wanted to spend as much time with her as possible. I mean, I just found out she was my second chance mate for crying out loud… I wasn’t ready to spend a night away from her, and I was a bit dejected that she could spend a night away from me easily.
Of course, I wouldn’t tell her that. I couldn’t upset her even if I wanted to.
“Okay, Love,” I said soflty. “Will you call me before you go to bed?
“Yes, of course,” Judy said softly. “I love you.”
“I love you,” I said to her. “And Judy?” I asked before she could hang up the phone. “Don’t worry about the Cash family anymore. Consider them gone from your life for good.”
And I meant those words because after I was done, they would be gone for good.
###Take 666
Chapter 666 
Judy’s POV 
“Woah, you live here?!” Lucy asked, her mouth dropping to the ground as she stared up at the mansion. 
“Not at the moment, but I used to,” I told her. “Nan’s been staying here with her mate. I’ve been here for so long that this place 
kind of feels like home.” 
“You never told me that you lived in a fucking mansion,” Lucy said, folding her arms across her chest. “How could this never come up in conversation?” 
“I told you, when I arrived at the Redcliff pack, I didn’t want to think about my old life,” I told her. 
“But still,” she said, shaking her head. “I’ve opened up to you, it’s kind of sad that you felt you couldn’t open up to me.” 
“It’s not that I didn’t think I could open up to you, Lucy,” I assured her. “It was just too painful to talk about.” 
She nibbled on her lower lip. We sat in the front parlor, Nan curled up on the armchair, and Lucy sat beside me on the couch. She was tugging at her fingers, staring down at her lap with a sheepish expression on her face. I know I hurt her when I lied to her, but I was hurting too. The entire time I was in the Redcliff pack, I was in pain. My heart constantly felt like it had exploded when I thought Gavin and Rachel were together and expecting a baby. I thought my world had crumbled, and I was trying so hard to pretend that it wasn’t. 1 
One of the maids walked in and gave us a platter of snacks and some wine. I told her I wasn’t feeling well and asked for water instead. She got me a bottle of water from the kitchen, and I ignored the curious looks from Nan and Lucy. 
After thanking her, she retreated. 
“You even have a maid,” she said, her eyes wide. 
The Redcliff pack was small, and though their packhouse was large, they didn’t have hired staff like that. It was hard for them to have a steady stream of income for stuff like that. That was part of what I liked about that pack; they worked hard for what they had. 
“This is Landry’s property. Of course, there are maids here,” Nan said, taking a nacho off the platter and stuffing it into her mouth. “Not as good as Chester’s, but they are tasty,” she said, taking another nacho. 
The door to the parlor opened, and Irene walked in. She smiled when she saw me and then gave Nan and slight wave. 
“Sorry, I’m late,” she said, putting her purse on one of the side tables before taking a seat beside Lucy. “Did good?” 
“No, we just finished giving Lucy the grand tour,” I told her. “You didn’t miss anything.” 
I noticed Lucy was gawking at Irene. 
“You’re Irene Landry…” Lucy breathed. Then she looked at me, her eyes wide. “You’re friends with Irene Landry?” 
“Well, yeah,” I said, raising my brows. “She’s Gavin’s daughter.” 
anything 
“I used to talk about her clothing brand all the time. I wish I could own a few pieces, but they were so expensive. We literally sat together and cooed about her photos in different fashion magazines, and you didn’t bother to tell me you actually knew her” 
I nibbled on my lower lip, knowing that she was right. I didn’t bother telling her any truth about myself. I hated lying to her, but at the time, it felt necessary. I knew a simple “I’m sorry” wasn’t going to suffice. 
“You’re a fan?” Irene said, pleased. 
“A huge fan,” Lucy admitted, a blush creeping along her cheeks. 
Irene’s smile grew; she liked it when people from outside the territory recognized her. 
“Well, I haven’t created anything new recently. But I do have a ton of clothes from last year that I haven’t worn yet. We look to be about the same size. They are upstairs; want to try them on?” 
Lucy’s eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. 
“Really? I mean, I don’t want to impose or anything…” 
“Nonsense; it’s literally just sitting there untouched,” Irene said, waving off her concern. 
With that being said, we went upstairs and tried on Irene’s clothes. The rest of the night was filled with laughter, gossip, and friendship. 
Later in the evening, Chester arrived with Emalyn, and Nan disappeared with her little family. Lucy and Irene spent the night in Irene’s bedroom; apparently, they had a lot more in common than they thought, and they quickly became incredible friends. I always knew that Lucy reminded me a lot of Irene, and I think that’s why I got along with her so well. 
I went to my old bedroom. I smiled when I stepped inside; it’s been a while since I’ve been in this room. For a while, this room had become my comfort zone. Remembering my first day in this room, a smile tipped the corner of my lips. I felt so out of place here at one point, and I never imagined this place would become a home to me. I never imagined that Gavin would become my home. 
###Take 667
Chapter 667 
I slipped under the covers and rested my head on the familiar and soft pillow. My hands are on my still flat belly. I wondered if we would live here once the baby is born or if Gavin would want to live in the Villa. The Villa would probably be better because that’s where Matt lives, and I wouldn’t want to uproot him from his home. Not that he wouldn’t be comfortable; he has a room here, too, but I knew he liked the Villa better; plus, it was closer to his school. 
As the thoughts of my future with Gavin roamed through my head started to drift off to sleep. 
For a moment, I thought I was dreaming when I smelled his scent. thought I dreamt of his strong arms wrapping around my body and pulling me flush to his chest from behind. I thought I imagined it when I felt his soft lips brushing across the nape of my neck, inhaling my scent, and letting out a soft breath in contenment. 1 
I let out a soft moan as I wiggled against him, feeling more comfortable than I had when I first fell asleep. I’m not sure how long I had been asleep for, but my senses were becoming more alert by the second. 
“Go back to sleep,” he whispered, holding me even tighter. “I didn’t mean to wake you.” 
“What are you doing here?” I asked him sleepily, a small smile tugging at the corner of my lips. 
“Did you really think I could stay away from you for an entire night?” He asked, nuzzling his face in the crook of my neck. 
I smiled. 
“I’m glad you’re here,” I said, turning around to face him. 
He had the cutest lopsided grin as he looked down at me; his eyes were stormy with something I couldn’t figure out, but it went straight to my core. 
“You are?” He asked, rubbing his nose against mine. 
I closed my eyes, basking in his nearness, loving how affectionate he was with me now that we finally admitted our feelings to one another and discovered that we are second–chance mates. 
“Yes,” I said, brushing my lips across his. “I’ve missed you today. 
He deepened the kiss, allowing his tongue to slide into my mouth and tasting me like his entire life depended on it. He kissed me like he was parched, and I was his last sip of water. 
I moaned into his mouth, melting into him as he tightened his hold on me. 
“I never want to be apart from you again,” I whispered, my mind still clouded and dazed from his proximity. 
His chest rumbled with suppressed laughter, though he was terrible at hiding it because his shoulders shook. 
I chuckled too. 
“What?” I asked him. 
“A few days ago, you wanted nothing to do with me,” he told me, kissing the bridge of my nose. “And now you can’t get enough of me.” 1 
“Do you want me to go back to not wanting anything to do with you?” I teased. 
“You can try,” he replied. “But I’m not letting you go… not again. You are mine, Judy. Mine to protect…” he kissed my nose again. “Mine to cherish…” he kissed my cheek lovingly, making my cheeks flush. “Mine to love…” he kissed my lips, making me melt all over again. “And I’ll do whatever I can to make and keep you happy.” 
“You make me happy,” I whispered, resting my head against his chest. 
He kissed the top of my head as he ran his fingers through my hair 
“Get some sleep,” he murmured. “I love you, my mate.” 
“I love you,” I whispered sleepily. 
Lying in Gavin’s arms, I fell asleep. When I woke up the next morning, Gavin wasn’t in bed, but thanks to this mate bond, I knew he was close, so I didn’t wake up in a panic. I padded out of the room and down the hallway; as promised to Gavin, I was wearing one of his shirts. It was long enough to be a dress, so it covered my important bits. 
I walked into the kitchen to see my friends standing around, waiting for Chester to finish up breakfast. 
Gavin was talking to Chester about something, helping him cook, which was certainly a sight. My heart fluttered at the sight of him, and I couldn’t help the smile on my face. 
“Holy shit,” Nan said, her eyes glued to her phone. 
“What is it?” Irene asked, frowning at her. 
“I just saw Jenna’s I*******m,” Nan said, her eyes wide. 
“Jenna Cash?” Irene asked. 2 
Nan nodded, 
Jenna is Ethan’s sister; I hadn’t thought about her in a long time. She never liked me and made it very known that I was scum beneath her shoes. I tried hard to avoid her this past year, not wanting any more confrontation from the Cash family. “What’s going on?” I asked, stepping further into the kitchen and drawing the attention of everyone. 
“They are moving,” she said, looking up from her phone to look at me. “The entire Cash family is moving out… today.” 3 
###Take 668
Chapter 668 
Gavin’s POV 
After hanging up with Judy, I went straight to the Cash family mattor. It was much smaller than any of my homes, though it was one of the biggest homes in the Redmoon pack. This family had been getting under my skin for far too long, thinking they own the entire place just because they are a wealthy family and the Betas of the pack. 
I should have done this a long time ago, but up until now, I had no grounds to do such a thing. I couldn’t just banish them because they were rude to Judy… but I could banish them for being rude to their Luna. There was no need for that in this pack, and they were about to find out after fucking around. 
The guards they appointed to stand outside their home gates allowed me entry without having to ask. They immediately recognized me and opened the gates upon my arrival. I nodded my thanks to them, recognizing some of the Gammas. 
I parked out front of their home and stepped out of my car. My fists tightened, my knuckles growing white. I wasn’t planning on using violence, but if it came down to it, then I would in a heartbeat 
I walked up to the door and knocked a few times. I could just open the door and walk into the house if I wanted to, and if it was locked, I could break down the door. Thankfully, it didn’t resort to that because their butler opened the door, seemingly surprised to see me. Without waiting for an invitation, I walked into the manor. My presence was widely known; my Lycan aura was flowing off me in waves as I stood before him. I was a good foot taller than he, and he looked intimidated as he stared up at 
me. 
“A…Alpha Landry,” he stammered, unable to hide his nerves. “What can I do for you?” 
“I’m looking for the Cash family. Is Raymond here by any chance? I asked, looking around the manor, my eyes darting to each corner as if they might spot something at any moment. 
“He’s in his office,” the butler said, his tone shaking. He knew I wasn’t happy, and he most likely knew why. 
I wondered if they knew what Lucy was a Luna; most could sense her powerful aura, but to those who have powerful auras themselves, it might be hard to see and feel. 1 
“Alpha Landry?” I heard a familiar voice from nearby. I turned to see Meredith Cash walking towards me, Raymond’s wife. I scowled at her, knowing she was most likely the one who was causing Lucy the most problems. She was always the one who caused Judy problems, too, and I should have done something far sooner than this. I clenched my fists at my side as I glared at her. 
She was too wrapped up in herself to realize how furious I was. 
“What a pleasant surprise… what are you doing here?” She asked, batting her long lashes up at me. 
She was shameless; she was a married woman with children and a Beta status, and yet she still flirted with me. It took everything I had not to claw her eyes out so she couldn’t look atm me that way again. 
“I need to speak with your husband,” I said, keeping my tone calm though I was anything but calm. “I’d like to speak to your entire family. I’ll be waiting in the sitting room.” 
I needed a minute to gather my thoughts, so I used that as my opportunity to figure out what exactly I was going to say and how I was going to go about this without losing my temper enough to kill them. 
I stood in the parlor, pacing back and forth while Meredith went to grab her husband and daughter. I made it known that I wanted to talk to all three of them. 
Not before long, the entire Cash family, minus Ethan, was standing in the parlor, trying to mask their nerves. 
“Alpha Gavin, you came back,” Jenna said, batting her lashes at me as well. I stared at her with disgust; this entire family was nothing but shameless. I felt sick to my stomach that I hadn’t known any of this before I met Judy. Had they always been like this? Was the former Alpha the same way? He must have been to appointed Raymond as his Beta. If I had known that this family was terrible, I would have gotten rid of them a long time ago. I would have found a way to banish them. 
1/3 
Chapter 668 
“This isn’t a social call,” I said, glaring at each of them. “I’m here for a pressing matter.” 
“Of course,” Raymond said, stepping forward. “What can I do for you, Alpha?” 
+25 BONUS 
“You had a visit not too long ago, correct? Someone from the Rediff pack?” I waited for their answers, and they were oddly 
quiet. 
They looked at one another like they were daring each other to break first. 
“Yes, that’s right,” Raymond decided to say, choosing his words carefully. “Is there a problem?” 
“From my understanding, some words were shared, and she was escorted off your property by your security team,” I said, my tone going flat. 
Meredith’s face paled, and I knew for a fact that she was the one who called security. 
“She was trespassing on our land without permission,” Raymond said, as if that makes it okay. “We did what we had to do to protect our territory.” 
###Take 669
“Your territory is my territory,” is said through my teeth. “Are you forgetting that I am the one in charge here?” 
“Of course not, Alpha,” Raymond said, a nervous laugh escaping m. “I just thought that I would protect my home and family from an outsider. We don’t know anything about these people, nor were we expecting them. They could be traitors…” 
“Are you saying you don’t trust my judgment?” I asked sharply, cutting off his words. 
“That’s not what I meant,” he sputtered. “I mean- 
” 
“Were you aware that the woman you so terribly spoke to and threw off your property was your new Luna?” 
He grew silent as he stared at me; words at the tip of his tongue barely making it past his lips. Confusion flashed in his eyes as his eyes darted from me to his wife and then back at me. 
“W…what?” He asked. “I don’t understand…” 
Before he could even finish that sentence, I had his neck in my hands, and I threw him against the wall, my Lycan aura washing over me and making me grow even more powerful on the spot. 
“You treated your new Luna like shit,” I hissed. “She wanted to meet the Betas of the pack, and you tossed her out like she was nothing more than trash.” 
“I…I didn’t know,” Raymond gasped, trying to get some air into his lungs. I squeezed tighter, my knuckles growing whiter by the second. 
“Alpha, we had no idea she was our Luna. If we had known, we wouldn’t have done it…” Meredith cried, tears streaming down her now pale cheeks. “We had no idea.” 
“And that makes it right for you to speak to anyone like that?” I asked, turning my glare to her, though I didn’t loosen my grip on Raymond’s neck. “You knew that we were having Redcliff pack members joining the Redmoon pack and yet you still treated her like complete shit.” 
“I’m so sorry…” Meridith cried. “We will apologize to her right away, but please don’t hurt us.” 
“Apologizing isn’t enough<‘ I said through my teeth. “I don’t ever want to see your faces again. Ethan made the right move by switching alliances and leaving this territory.” 1 
“What are you saying?” Meredith asked, fear evident in her tone. 
I released Raymond when his face started to turn purple from lack of oxygen. He fell to the ground, gasping and coughing for breath. His body trembled as he tried to comprehend what was happening. 
“If you don’t leave this pack by tomorrow night, I will kill you. I will skin you alive until you are unrecognizable.” 
“W…what?” Jenna asked, her eyes wide with unshed tears. “But…where would we go” 
“I’m marking you as rogues,” I said dismissively. “You can go to the rogue territory and remain there for the rest of your days, but you won’t set foot in another pack again. At least nowhere in my territory. Your family has caused enough problems. I won’t tolerate it any longer.” 
As I stood in my kitchen, I thought back to that moment when I banished the Cash family; their crying and begging only fueled me. Once I was sure they would listen to me, finally, I left and returned to the mansion to Judy. I needed to see her, despite her girls‘ night. Although it was late, I knew she was most likely in bed by now. 
She was so beautiful sleeping in my shirt, and she looked so peaceful. I didn’t want to wake her, but I needed to hold her. 
As Judy stood in the kitchen, staring at Nan, who spotted an I*******m post from Jenna, my heart fluttered slightly. I wondered if she was going to be happy about the news or upset. Either way, the Cash family needed to go, and I made sure that they would go. 
1/3 
Chapter 669 
+25 BONUS 
Judys‘ face looked a bit impassive at first as she processed what Nan had said. 
“The Cash family is moving… tonight.” 
Eventually, Judy looked at me, and a knowing look passed her expression, though she didn’t speak it out loud, I knew she was suspecting that I had something to do with this. 
“I guess that’s a good thing,” Judy finally said, joining her friends at the table. “They were no good anyway.” 
They all nodded in agreement, though the shock was still heavy in the air. 
Soon, almost everyone had left except Judy and me. When we were finally alone, she turned to look at me. 
“One thing about a mate bond is that I can feel your emotions,” she said, folding her arms across her chest. She wore her down 
to hide her mark, which I couldn’t stand. We hadn’t told Irene about it yet, and I knew she was being cautious around her. I was doing the same when I wore a turtle neck the day before. 
I wrapped her in my arms and pulled her close, leaning my body against the kitchen counter. She went to me willingly. “What kind of emotion and I feeling?” I asked, teasingly as my lips brushed across her cheek. 
“Contentment and pride, like you’re proud of something,” she said, peering up at me. “So, how about you tell me what exactly you did?” 2 
い 
###Take 670
Judy’s POV
Gavin smirked as he lowered his lips to my neck, fanning his breath and gentle kisses against my skin. I couldn’t help the small moan that escaped my lips as I melted into him. But I was aware of what he was doing, so I put my hands on his chest and gave him a gentle push.
“I’m serious, Gavin,” I said, staring up at him. “It’s kind of odd that the Cash family is suddenly moving. What did you say to them?”
“What makes you think I said anything?” He asked, pulling
me closer to h 
The corner of my lips tipped up into. a smile.
“Because I know you and I can feel your emotions,” I told him.
I moved the hair away from my neck; I’ve been keeping my hair down since yesterday so Irene wouldn’t see the mark on my neck, just like Gavin wore a turtle neck for the same reason.
“Are you forgetting we are bonded now?” I asked him, raising my brows.
His eyes found my mark, and his expression softened. He lowered himself to me, pressing a gentle kiss to the mark.
“I could never forget,” he murmured against my skin. He pulled away them.”
My eyes grew wide.
a
moment so he could look into my eyes. “I banished
“You did what?” I gasped.
“I banished them,” he repeated. “They’ve caused enough issues for my and I won’t tolerate it anymore.”
rris 
“So, they are rogues now?” I asked, my eyes wide. I couldn’t even imagine the Cash family becoming rogues.
“Either that or they’ll follow Ethan to Levi’s territory and pledge their allegiance to him. If Levi has them, most don’t want wolves that were marked as rogues, but because of the circumstances, he might take them.”
I nodded as I processed that information; it was a lot to take in and completely unexpected. Truth be told, I thought they’d always be around to cause mayhem in their path.
“I would have done it sooner, but I had no real grounds,” he told me, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear. “Insulting and disrespecting their Luna is grounds for banishment.”
I leaned into him, loving his closeness. My wolf was purring with happiness, having had a mate again. The mate bond we once shared with Ethan was long forgotten, and all that was left was a promising future ahead with the love of my life.
“What are you thinking about?” He asked, cocking his head to the side as he gazed down at me. His eyes shone with a mix of love and curiosity, and maybe a little longing.
“I’m just thinking how lucky I am,” I told him honestly. “When I officially met you almost 2 years ago, I never thought my life would turn out this way. I never thought my heart could feel so full after it’s been destroyed by another. You put my heart back together… You put me back together, and because of that, I’m going to be forever thankful to you. You’ve given me the life I never thought I could have. I wear your mark proudly on my neck, and I can’t wait for the world to know about us.”
He smiled down at me, the curiosity gone and replaced with extra love and compassion.
“And they’ll know about us soon enough,” he assured me. “But first, I want us to tell Irene and Matt. I was thinking of doing it over lunch this afternoon. And then tonight, we have plans to have a welcome home party for you. I thought we could tell everyone else officially?”
I nibbled on my lip and nodded.
“Yes, I would love that,” I told him.
“Good,” he said with a grin. “I’ll have an outfit for the evening sent to you later. Typically, I would have you go shopping with the stylist, but I’d like to spend as much time with you as possible today before we go to lunch with my kids.”
I smiled at him, knowing better than to argue.
“Okay,” I tell him. “So, we have a few hours before lunch.” I wrap my arms around his neck and pull myself closer. “What do you want to do to kill some time?”
1
He wrapped his arms around my waist, pulling me flush against him as he lowered his lips to mine, tasting me. He hummed in the kiss, fusing his lips to mine as he deepened the kiss. His tongue slipped between my lips and tangled with mine, both our tongues fighting for dominance as we took our fill of one another,
He lifted me up and placed me on the counter, the motion making me gasp. His lips never left mine, though, and when I gasped, he sucked my tongue into his mouth. I ran my fingers through his hair, loving how he shudders from my touch.
He nipped at my bottom lip, drawing it into his mouth and sucking on it like it’s the sweetest piece of candy. I couldn’t help but moan into his mouth; I knew I was soaking wet even before he slid his fingers beneath his shirt that covered my body. His delicate touch sent goosebumps along my flesh as his fingers danced up the softness of my leg until they were at my panties. I wore a black thong that I knew would drive him crazy if I were to have him this morning.
###Take 671
He let out a low growl, his fingers looping the delicate fabric. Before I knew what we body in one motion and thrown across the kitchen.
I gasped as I broke the kiss, looking into his dark and lust–filled eyes.
happening, the thong was ripped off my 
“Hey, that was my favorite thong,” 1 protested, slightly wounded that he tore my underwear without my permission.
“I’ll buy you a thousand more,” he said as his lips trailed along the nape of my neck. He peppered a soft kiss right where he had marked me, and then he sucked the sensitive skin into his mouth, making me shiver.
His fingers dipped between my folds, making me moan from the sudden contact.
“So, wet for me already, “he groaned into my ear, nipping at my lip as he brought his lips back to mine. He kissed me deeply as his thumb found the bundle of nerves that would ultimately make the come undone.
He grinned at my kiss, loving my reaction to him. This man was going to be the death of me. Having Gavin’s fingers playing with me while we were in the kitchen of his mansion, when his staff could appear at any moment, was hot, and it sent a sudden thrill through me that I didn’t expect.
He teased my entrance with his fingers while his thumb continued to stimulate my clit gently, not hard enough to make me cum, but just enough to keep me panting with need.
“Tell me who you belong to,” he murmured against my lips.
I moaned, frustrated because I wanted to come undone so badly. I wanted him so badly, but it felt like he was just out of reach.
“Gavin…” I pleaded, my voice nothing more than a whimper. “Please…”
“Tell me who you belong to and I’ll give you exactly what you want,” he said, nipping at my sensitive flesh along my neck.
“You…” I breathed out. My body was so wound up, I was afraid I would burst at any sudden touch. “I belong to you, Gavin Landry.”
His name came out as a scream as his fingers plunged deep inside of me, his hand already coated in my juices as he stroked my & -spot, finding it with expert speed like he knew my body better than I did. He knew exactly what I needed and where I needed it.
Before I knew it, I was coming undone almost violently on the counter, gasping out his name as my body was wracked with
tremors.
“So, fucking beautiful… so perfect,” he said, his lips finding mine in a sweet kiss as his fingers continued to tease me slowly and gently until my body finally stopped trembling. When he pulled his hand away, I saw that it was glistening with my juices.
My eyes darkened when he brought it to his lips and tasted his fingers, his eyes practically rolling in the back of his head as he groaned.
“It’s so delicious,” he murmured, as he continued to taste me on his lips.
Watching him was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen in my life.
He brought his hand to my lips, willing me to taste myself on his fingers. I wrapped my lips around his fingers, tasting myself. His eyes darkened even more at the sight, and I felt myself getting turned on again, despite having already come undone.
I wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled myself off the counter, forcing me to wrap my legs around his waist and hold onto him for dear life.
“Gavin!” I shrieked, a laugh bubbling out of me.
He nipped at my neck, right where his mark sat, and the laugh died on my lips, turning into a breathy moan.
“I’m not done with you yet,” he murmured against my skin.
1/3
“We have… we have lunch with your kids…” I whispered, my voice coming out almost raspy as I suppressed my moans. I knew we still had a couple of hours, but we still needed to pick the place and then get dressed. That would take some time, and I really wanted to get this over with.
I was worried about how Irene would react when we told her that we had another and are expecting a baby.
Would she be happy?
Or would she think it’s weird because we are the same age? This wasn’t something that I thought would happen, but it was happening, and I didn’t want Irene to to any of it. I knew it would gut Gavin to not have his daughters‘ support.
As I tried to think about that, Gavin’s touch and kisses brought me back to the present moment, making it hard for that memory to resurface and ruin the moment.
“I guess we’d better be fast then.”
###Take 672
Chapter 672 
Gavin’s POV 
I carried Judy into my bedroom; I needed her so badly. Her taste still lingered on my tongue, and I wanted so much more of her. I wanted to taste her straight from the source; I wanted her to gasp my name as I make her come undone again, only this time with my tongue. I wanted to drive my dick so deep into her that she forgets her own name. 
I knew we only had a couple of hours before our lunch with Irene and Matthew. I already mindlinked Taylor and had him make a reservation at Irene’s favorite lunch spot, a place that Matthew also likes. I figured if I wanted to win their favor, I should treat them to their favorite foods at least. Their entire world is about to change; it’s not just me that Judy is affecting… It’s my kids, 
too. 
Judy clung to me like she was afraid I was going to disappear at any moment. I kissed her neck, nipping at the mark I left on her, making mini marks around her neck. She let out a throaty moan, and the sound went straight to my cock. 
Goddess, she was incredible. How had I let her go the first time? 
I was never going to make that mistake again. 
I gently laid her on the bed, taking her shirt off as I did so, leaving her completely naked and at my mercy. 
Her larger–than–normal breasts were already hard and anticipating my touch before I closed my lips around her nipples. She let out a loud gasp, and I could smell her sudden arousal. I smirked as tugged her nipple into my mouth, teasing it with my tongue 
and teeth. 
She was extra sensitive there; she never reacted like that before, and I wondered if it was because of her pregnancy. 
Her large breasts were the first real signs that she was pregnant, other than her slight morning sickness. 
I sucked on her breast with greed and a hunger so deep that I thought I was going to explode on the spot. She arched her back and clenched her thighs together. I wasn’t even touching her between her legs, and yet she was feeling it there. 
I cupped her other breast and played with her nipple with my fingers as I sucked on her nipple. This was her undoing; I never made a woman cum before by just playing with her nipples. This was a first for me and kind of gave me an ego boost. 
“Holy fuck,” she gasped, her eyes finding mine; I’m sure my shock mirrored hers. “That was insane. You made me cum by just sucking on my nipple.” 
I let out a shocked laugh. 
“I love your pregnancy body,” I said, placing a kiss on the top of her breast. “Now I need to taste you.” 
Her cheeks flushed as he kept my eye contact; I continued to kiss down her body, keeping my eyes locked with hers until I reached her soaked core. My eyes watched her heat up once as I stuck my tongue out and slid it between her slit, taking in her juices. I groaned at the incredible taste that burst in my mouth. 
It was a mix of salt and Judy. 
I nipped at her clit before I gently kissed it and sucked it into my mouth. She gasped at the sensation, which only spurred me on. I loved how responsive she was to me; I loved how sensitive she had become. I loved how easily I could affect her. 
She draped hr fingers in my hair and held me in place as I lapped at her juices. She tasted so sweet and utterly perfec 
As of this moment, there isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for her. If she wanted the moon, I would find a way to get it for her. 
“Gavin…” she whimpered, rubbing herself against me. 
“Tell me what you need, baby,” I murmured against her flesh. 
“I need you…” she replied, her hold on my head tightening slightly 
“What part of me do you need?” I asked, already knowing the answer, but I wanted to hear her say it as well. 
1/3 
Chapter 072 
“Y… you’re cock,” she pleaded, her legs practically clenching my head before she spread her thighs wider. 
1 grinned as I placed a lingering kiss on her clit, sucking it into my mouth one last time and making her come undone on my face. 
I kissed up her body, fusing my lips to her so she could taste herself on my tongue. She moaned as she deepened the kiss, wrapping herself around me and holding me with her dear life. I moaned into her mouth, a low growl escaping me as my wolf grew fierce with possessiveness. 
“You are fucking incredible,” I whispered against her lips. 
“Not as incredible as you,” she whispered back. 
I positioned myself between her legs as I shoved my pants to the ground, kicking them off, along with my boxers, leaving my lower half completely nude. My cock pressed eagerly against her entrance without me even trying. 
###Take 673
Chapter 673 
She ran her fingers beneath my shirt, playing with the ridges and biting her lower lip. I grinned down at her as I kissed the bridge of her nose. She pulled the shirt up and over my head, with thy help, of course. I tossed it to the ground, recapturing her lips immediately after. 
She tasted so good I could just drown in her essence. 
I pressed myself into her only a little, just enough to tease her entrance. She wrapped her legs around my waist, pulling me into her, begging me for more. I couldn’t resist the urge to plunge into her; I sank myself balls deep inside of her sweet and tight core. We both let out a groan of satisfaction, being connected again was almost too much for us to handle at once. Our wolves were in complete bliss, syncing with one another in the sweetest harmony. 
I moved my hips, hitting her most sensitive spots and making her squirm with need. I felt her sharp nails scratching down my back, marking her territory. 
“That’s it, baby,” I groaned, my teeth syncing to her neck as I marked my territory. “Make sure everyone knows that I belong to you, just as you belong to me.” 
“Mine,” she growled as she scratched my back and nipped at the mark on my neck from the night before. I let out a low growl in response, my desires growing more intense by the second. 
“Yours,” I whispered as I captured her lips with mine. “Your man.” I kissed her softly. “Your mate…” I deepened the kiss slightly. “The father of our baby…” I deepened the kiss even more brushing my tongue across her bottom lip. “Your protector 
Just as I was about to deepen the kiss even more, plunging my tongue into her mouth and tasting all she had to offer, she put her hand on my chest, stopping me from doing just that. When I looked at her face, I saw that she was staring at me, her eyes brimming with tears. 
“Promise you’ll always be there to protect me and our baby?” She asked, a soft plea in her voice. 
My heart nearly crumbled at the raw vulnerability in her voice, and I wanted to wrap her in my arms, shielding her from this world, protecting her and our pup. 
“On my life,” I told her, resting my forehead against hers, closing my eyes as I inhaled her scent deeply. “I will always protect you, Judy.” 
I felt her body relaxing as she lifted her gaze and met my lips with hers. Her kiss was sweet at first, and then it grew into so much more. It was a promise…a commitment… it was all her trust in that one single kiss that took my breath away. 
I started to move my hips again, and she let out a throaty moan as she arched her back into my touch. I loved the sensations I provoked in her; she was so beautiful when she chased her pleasure, bringing me over the edge with her. 
Soon, we were both coming undone while holding onto one another, afraid that the other would disappear at any moment. 
Our moment was cut short, though, because my phone started to ring. I groaned and reached over to the bedside, keeping my other arm around Judy’s naked body, keeping her pinned to me. She didn’t complain; in fact, she willingly snuggled closer, a small, contented smile on her perfect lips. I couldn’t help myself, kissed her softly before I answered the phone. 
“This better be good,” I said in a low growl. 
“Levi is attending an auction in neutral territory bordering ours,” Taylor said without missing a beat. “Windlet 
There weren’t many neutral territories around the world. A majority of the colleges are in neutral territory to give everyone the same chance, regardless of whose territory they are from. Some built their businesses in neutral territories as well. There is no Alpha, but there are Elite Gamma forces that are in charge of keeping those territories safe from rogues and other creatures/ 
invaders. 
I didn’t love the fact that Levi was going to be so close to my territory, and I wondered why the fuck he was coming all the way down here for an auction. 
1/3 
“Why would he come here for an auction?” I asked. 
Because of what’s being auctioned,” 
murmured. “The Moon gem.” 
My heart stopped, I unwrapped my arm from Judy’s body, and sat, making her frown at me. I could feel her scrutiny on the back of my head. 
“The Moon Gem belongs to my mother,” I said through my teeth. It’s always been an important family heirloom. Why the fuck would she auction it” 
###Take 674
Judy’s POV 
Whatever Taylor had said made Gavin’s demeanor completely change. One minute he was holding me and peppering my temple with soft kisses, and the next he was sitting up straight, his entire body rigid. I could feel the tension rolling off him in waves, and it put me on alert. 
I sat up with him, trying to figure out his expression. He was quiets he listened to whatever Taylor was saying; his face became 
stony. 
“The Moon Gem belongs to my mother,” he said through my teeth “It’s always been an important family heirloom. Why the fuck would she auction it” 
There was a pause, but I knew whatever Taylor was saying wasn’t an answer because I could see the frustration, confusion, and anger on Gavin’s face. I could feel his emotions as if they were my own. 
“Clear my schedule for this Saturday. I’m going to that auction,” avin said, a harsh bite in his words. “I’ll be damned if I allow Levi that gem.” 
Without another word, Gavin hung up the phone. His grip on the phone was so tight, his knuckles grew white; I almost worried that he would break his phone before he finally released it, allowing it to fall on the bed. 
I rested my head on his arm, not wanting to be too invasive, but I also really wanted to know what had my mate so upset. I knew he didn’t love the fact that Levi was so close to his territory and that he’s apparently after his family heirloom, but that shouldn’t cause this amount of anger? Should it? 
I never had an enemy like this before, so I guess I wouldn’t really know. 
“You don’t have plans Saturday evening, do you?” He suddenly asked, his voice controlled. 
“No, I don’t think so,” I told him, raising my brows. “Why?” 
“I need you as my date to the auction,” he said, his eyes finding mine, and I could see the storm cloud in his gaze. 
I nodded without hesitation. 
“Of course,” I tell him. 
His eyes soften slightly as he reaches his hand out and takes mine. 
“Thank you,” he said softly. 
“What’s the Moon Gem?” I found myself asking, hating how his body tenses from the question. 
He dropped his gaze from mine. 
“It was passed down to every Alpha of the Silver Crescent pack,” he said, his eyes still avoiding mine. “My father died before he could pass it to me, and my mother never felt right to pass it to me on his behalf.” He said those words almost bitterly, and I could feel the pure pain he felt. 
“It tore at my heart; I wanted to make things better for him, but I wasn’t sure how. 
“But she feels right auctioning it?” I asked, disbelief clouding me. never liked his mother… or rather, she never liked me. She always thought he’d pair better with Daisy, his late wife’s sister. Despite his attempts to cut the ties with Daisy, his mother was relentless and barely stopped after she found out about Gavin and me. Though at the time, we were only sleeping together, she didn’t know that. 
“I’m not sure what compelled her to do it,” he muttered, that angry resentment returning to his expression. “But I need to make sure Levi doesn’t get his hands on it.” 
“Why? What would happen if he got his hands on it?” I asked. “Other than you losing something sentimental, because I know 
1/3 
there’s more to it.” 
His eyes met mine, and I could see the torment in them. He was in battle with his thoughts, wondering if he should tell me… or if he should continue to hide this important element in an attempt to keep me safe. 
“That gem gives him a lot of power,” he finally said after a long pause. “He could potentially take over the pack.” 
“What?” I gasped. “You can’t be serious…” 
Gavin looked away. 
“It’s said to hold the souls of our ancestors. The one to whom it was passed down is the true Alpha.” 
“But you’re the true Alpha,” I said without hesitation. “You’ve always been the Alpha… You are the most powerful Lycan in the world. There’s no way you aren’t the true Alpha.” 
“I might be part of the Lycan chairmen, but my father was the last real Alpha of the Silver Crescent pack. That’s how it’s always been,” Gavin said with a slight shrug. “My mother never passed it to me.‘ 
“Gavin, that’s Ludacris. A gem isn’t what makes you a true Alpha.. I told him, shaking my head. “Your heart does, not to mention your blood. This pack is yours.” I put my hand on his shoulder in a reassuring gesture. 
###Take 675
“It’s not just a symbol, Judy,” he told me, turning his body so he was completely facing me now. His eyes poured into miné, rendering me speechless. “It’s the power. The ancestors from alle great Alphas before me are in this gem. I could feel the power just from being around it. My mother kept it in her lockbox the entire time. My father always said that he’d pass it to me once I’d chosen a proper Luna for the pack, but I never could, and fi died before it ever happened. My mother has been wanting the same thing, except she always has a lima in mind… someone don’t even want to think about right now,” he spoke through his gritted teeth. 
“Daisy Baldwin?” I asked, already knowing the answer before his subtle nod. 
“Yeah… Melissa’s sister. My mother thinks a Baldwin is a proper tana, but she’s obviously mentally ill,” he muttered, rolling his eyes at that last part. “She won’t give me the gem until I do wants… but now it seems she’s given up.” 
“Hence the auction,” I whispered. “So, she’s doing this because you’re with me…” 
“It seems that way,” he told me. “But I don’t want you to think I’d give you up for the gems because I would never do that. I’m never going to marry Daisy. I’m never going to be interested in her” 
“How does your mom know about us?” I asked, looking up at him. She has to know something, doesn’t she?” 
“I’m not sure,” he said, his fists clenching. “That’s exactly what I want to figure out. I have a feeling someone might have told her.” 
“But we were so careful,” I said, shaking my head. “Nobody knows about her except for our inner circle, and not even everybody knows yet. None of our friends would betray us.” 
“I’m not saying they would,” he told me, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear, making my cheeks flush. “But we can never be too careful. Being a powerful Lycan chairman and you being a Gamma competition victor, there are always eyes on us. It’s no surprise that my mother got word of our relationship before we officially told anyone.” 
My cheeks flushed. 
He was right; there were always eyes on us, but to think that private information about me and Gavin got sent to a woman who can’t stand me and would rather have Gavin with someone else. I shuddered at the thought and bit back an angry growl as my wolf surged forward. 
As if Gavin knew what I was thinking, a small smile formed on his lips. He kissed the bridge of my nose. 
“Easy, girl,” he said, speaking to my wolf. “I’m yours.” 
It settled her, and it settled me. 
“So, what are we supposed to do?” I asked him. “We obviously can’t let him get his hands on that gem.” 
“Which is exactly why we are going to that charity event,” he told me. “There’s no way in hell I’m letting him or anyone buy my family heirloom.” 
I nodded. 
“I’ll do what I can to help you. I mean, we are in this together after all,” I told him. He looked at me for a long moment, and I could feel his love and gratitude, but I could feel something else as well… hope. 
“Will you come with me to see my mother later this evening?” He asked. “Before the party, that is… I need to speak with her about why she’d auction off the Moon Gem, and I want to tell her about us as well while we are there.” 
My cheeks flushed. 
“She’s not going to take it well… your mother hates me,” I reminded him. 
“It doesn’t matter what she thinks,” he said without hesitation. “Plus, she most likely already knows, considering she’s auctioning off the heirloom. But I still would want her to hear it from my mouth that it was true. No matter her reaction, you are 
still mine, and I am still yours. Nothing will change that, 
He brought his lips to mine and gave me a sweet kiss that took my breath away. I melted into him, feeling a smile tugging at the corner of my lips. 
“Okay,” I tell him, “Yes, I’ll come with you tonight. 
He grinned. 
“Good,” he said just as he stood up. “Now, let’s get dressed and face the inevitable.” 
” 
###Take 676
Chapter 676 
Judy’s POV 
+25 BONUS 
My heart was pounding as Erik drove us to the restaurant. I settled on wearing a yellow sundress, and I curled my hair, so it framed my face. This was a different look for me; while I typically liked to wear stretchy clothes that moved with my body, this was a little too girly for me. But it was one of Irene’s original designs, and I knew she would appreciate my effort in trying to wear her styles. 
When Gavin saw me after I finished getting dressed, his brows raised to his hairline, and he stared at me like he didn’t recognize me. Though he didn’t look displeased, he did, however, look confused. 
“What are you wearing?” He asked, his eyes meeting mine. 
“It’s one of Irene’s designs…” I told him. Holding his eye contact, daring him to say something negative. 
“I know it’s her design. But why are you wearing it? That’s not your style,” he told me, cocking his head slightly to the right as he studied me. ““And your hair… did you curl it?” Now, I could see a hint of amusement in his eyes. 
“Yes, I curled my hair,” I said, my cheeks flushing as I reached up to touch one of the loose curls that rested just above my shoulder. “Is there a problem with that?” 
“It’s just not you,” he said, eyeing me up and down again before his eyes rested on mine. 
“Well, it is today,” I told him, walking around him to grab my purse off the kitchen counter. “Erik’s waiting for us.” 
Just as I was about to walk past him again, he grabbed hold of my arm, stopping me. It wasn’t enough to hurt, but it was enough that I knew better than to pull out of his grip. I looked up at him; he was staring at me with a heated expression before he lowered his lips to mine. 
“You don’t need to change for anybody… certainly not my kids. They really love you…no matter what your style is. And my love… this is not your style,” he said, reaching up to touch one of my curls. 
I felt embarrassed, but at the same time, I felt I was still justified, so I stood on my toes and kissed him softly. 
“Irene will appreciate the gesture,” I told him with a shrug. “I just want things to go okay.” 
“Things are going to go just fine,” he told me, taking my hand into his. “All you have to worry about is being yourself.” 
Despite his words, I still feel nervous. What if they only liked me when they didn’t think I was having sex with their father? What if they changed their mind about wanting me around? What if Matt doesn’t want me as his mother? I wouldn’t blame him … what kind of mother could I be? 
I put my hands on my belly; I barely felt like a mother to my little bean. I wasn’t showing yet, other than my boobs growing. I knew Gavin noticed my change in breast size when he couldn’t get enough of them earlier, I had never come undone from just him sucking on my nipples before. They were extra sensitive lately and my mood has been all over the place. Other than that, those are the only two signs that I have that I’m pregnant. 
I made a mental note to get an appointment with Dr. Pierce. Even though the doctors in the Redcliff pack were nice, a part of me didn’t trust them. It was mainly because they were from a different pack; it felt like their scent was off. I trusted Dr. Elizabeth Pierce with my entire life and the life of my baby. 
Plus, I hadn’t seen her since I returned, and I missed her. 
Now that Gavin and I had marked one another, I was going to be the Luna of the Silver Crescent pack, which meant I’d be working closely with the Beta and his wife, Elizabeth. I should probably start hanging out with her more, seeming we’ll be seeing each other more often. 
‘Are you ready?” Gavin asked, and I realized we had been sitting outside the restaurant for quite some time. I’ve just been lost in my thoughts. I cleared my throat and nodded as I followed him out of the car. He took my hand, helping me the rest of the way 
out. 
   
1/3 
Chapter 676 
+25 BONUS 
This was a nice place on the harbor of the city that overlooked the ocean and all its beautiful scenery. There were large curtainless windows that stretched from floor to ceiling, making it so we could see the inside without actually going inside. There was so much natural light that I could see why Irene liked this place. 
Chapter 677 
###Take 677
Chapter 677 
“Alpha Landry,” the hostess said, a polite smile on her face. “Your Beta just dropped your children off. They are already seated at their usual table. Maybe I’ll escort you?” She asked, motioning for the back patio. 
“Not necessary,” Gavin said, wrapping an arih around my waist, keeping me pinned to his side. The hostess glanced at me and her body tensed; she cleared her throat, and then forced a tight sile. 
“Of course,” she said. “Enjoy your meal.” 
Without another word, Gavin put his hand on the small of my back and guided me towards the patio entrance. It was a large space with a few tables spaced apart with white umbrellas. Irene and Matt sat at one of the tables closest to the edge, overlooking the harbor. 
“Dad!” Matt was the first to spot us. He was already running towards us and hugging both his father and me. 
“Hope you weren’t waiting long,” Gavin said he running his fingers through Matt’s shabby brown hair. 
“No, we just got here,” Matt said, guiding us to the table. 
“Have you ordered yet?” Gavin asked. 
“Not yet. Irene told them we are waiting for you to arrive,” Matt explained. 
Gavin nodded. 
Irene stood up when we approached, and as soon as her eyes met mine, they widened. She stared at me from head to toe, her mouth agape. 
“Is that my design?” She asked, her brows shooting up. “I didn’t think you liked my designs.” 
There was skepticism in her eyes, and I just gave her à cheery smile. 
“Are you kidding me? This is the best design I’ve ever seen. I love the bright color and the frilly skirt,” I told her, a bit loudly as I smoothed the skirt with my hands. 
“Is that so?” She asked. “Then maybe I can use you as my model. I created some new designs recently that you’d look great in.” 
My cheeks burned. 
“Oh, I’m not anything like a model. I’m sure you can use some actual models for that,” I said, waving off her suggestion, 
“Nonsense… I’d rather someone who genuinely loves my designs and would wear them every day to be my model,” Irene said with a glint of humor in her eyes. 
I could tell from the way Gavin was trying not to smile that Irene was teasing me. She knew damn well I didn’t like her style of clothes, and this was totally against my typical wardrobe. I felt my cheeks heating. 
Irene let out a laugh. 
“Relax, Judy,” she said lightly. “What is this about? Why are you deciding to change your style all of a sudden?” 
“I thought you’d like it,” I confessed, lifting one of my shoulders. 
She raised her brows. 
“Why do you care what I like?” She asked. “Aren’t we already friends?” 
I opened my mouth to speak, but was interrupted by the waiter. 
“Good evening, Landry family,” the waiter said. 
“Carlton,” Gavin greeted in retur. 
“Have you decided what you’d like to drink for this evening?” 
“A martini, please,” Irene said with a sweet smile. “With an extra olive.” 
“The usual,” Carlton said with a nod. 
“I’ll have a Coke,” Matt said, and Carlton nodded again, writing that on his notepad. 
“I’ll take a scotch,” Gavin said. 
“Also, the usual,” Carlton said, checking something off on his notepad. 
Suddenly, all eyes were on me. 
“I’ll just have a water,” I told him. ? 
Carlton raised his eyes to meet mine and frowned. 
We have a large drink menu with various selections. Have you not found anything to your liking?” He asked. 
My cheeks heated. 
“No, I’m sure the drink menu is great. I’m just in the mood for water,” I told him. I avoided Irene’s curious gaze; whenever we go out to eat together, we both always get martinis. 
Carlton opened his mouth to say something more, but Gavin cut him off. 
“She asked for water,” he said, his eyes pouring into Carolton’s, his expression and tone leaving no room for arguments. 
“Yes, Alpha. My apologies,” Carlton said, clearing his throat. “I’ll get right on that.” 
Without another word, he hurried away. 
“A water?” Irene asked, raising her brows. “Since when do you just drink water?” 
I opened my mouth to come up with some excuse, but Gavin’s words stopped me dead in my tracks, keeping my words stuck in my throat. 
“Since we found out we are expecting a baby,” Gavin so boldly stated without missing a beat. “There’s going to be a new addition to the Landry family.” 
The silence that followed his words was deafening. 
###Take 678
The silence stretched on for what felt like hours, though I knew it had only been seconds. I couldn’t tell from their shocked expressions what they could be thinking, but I knew what I was thinking. I glared at Gavin, furious that he would just blurt it out like that. We hadn’t even gotten our drinks yet.
I thought maybe we’d warm up into it, small talk first. But nope… le decided to just blurt it out like it meant nothing… just meaningless words.
He didn’t seem to think there was anything wrong with it because he frowned at me before looking back at Irene and Matt, who were still gawking at us like we just grew a new head each.
“Judy and I are expecting a baby,” he said again, glancing between the two of them. “We are counting on the two of you to be grown about this and help out as much as you can.”
“Wait, you’re serious?” Irene asked, her brows raised so high that they practically disappeared into her hairline. “You’re having a baby? Like an actual baby?”
“I’m going to be a big brother?” Matthew asked, his eyes wide as he stared at me in disbelief.
“You’re having a baby… together?” Irene asked, glancing between the two of us.
These were too wildly different responses, neither of them looked pleased… and yet, they also didn’t look displeased either. Just confused, maybe.
“That’s right,” Gavin said without a second thought. “I know this feels sudden…”
“How many months?” Irene asked, stopping his words.
“3,” Gavin replied. “Next month, she’ll have the typical signs of pregnancy, and she won’t be able to shift. She’ll need extra care and…”
“I don’t need extra care or protection,” I said sharply, still glaring at him and his audacity. “I am more than capable of caring and protecting myself, even if I can’t shift. Might I remind you?” I folded my arms across my chest, peeking up at him through my lashes.
He stared at me, his eyes narrowed.
“It’s my duty to protect the mother of my child,” he said, just as defiantly.
“Are you forgetting what I am capable of?” I asked him, raising my own brows. I dared him to challenge me; I mean, he was a Lycan, and he could definitely beat me in a fight, but he knew I was a damn good fighter.
Before he could open his mouth to reply, Irene interrupted us.
“So, are you two together or what?” She asked, staring between the two of us. “Like romantically?”
“Yes,” Gavin replied. “Which is another reason we wanted to talk to you about.”
Irene’s eyes grew wide as she looked at Matt. He grinned and mouthed, “I told you so.”
“Are you going to ask our permission to date?” Irene asked, glancing back at her father.
Just then, the waiter returned without drinks. He placed our glasses in front of us, and without hesitation, Irene took a generous sip of her martini. My stomach was in knots, and I wished I could have a little liquid courage.
“May I get you some food as well?” Carton asked, glancing at Gavin.
“Yes,” he said. “I’ll have the ribeye with mashed potatoes and roasted veggies, no butter on those veggies, and some extra pepper.”
1/3
Chapter 678
“Right away,” he said, writing that down. He glanced at Irene. “And for you, madarn?”
A cobb salad with no dressing,” she ordered, handing him her menu.
‘Yes, ma’am,” Carlton said before looking at Matt.
“A cheeseburger, cooked rare, and a side of fries extra crispy and extra salty,” Matt said confidently.
Carton nodded as he too wrote that down, and then he looked at me.
+25 BONUS
I hadn’t really had a chance to look at the menu, but while they all ordered, I quickly glanced through the pages. They had so many options, and my head and stomach were a mess.
“I’ll have the fish tacos,” I told him. “With a side salad.”
“Splendid choice,” he replied, writing that down and taking our menu. “Is there anything else I can get for you?” He turned to Gavin as he asked that last part.
“Can you put in an order of fried clam bellies?” He asked. “As a starter.”
“Of course,” Carlton replied.
With that, he sauntered away to fetch our orders, although I wasn’t sure if I could eat right now.
After Carton left, there was a long silence stretching between us, practically consuming me until I couldn’t breathe. I let out a breath when I felt Gavin’s hand resting casually on my leg, giving it a gentle and reassuring squeeze. I felt myself relaxing, or he didn’t look worried, which reassured me even more.
“We aren’t exactly asking permission,” Gavin said, turning to face Irene. “We wanted you to know the facts before you heard it elsewhere. We will be announcing it at the party tonight, and I didn’t want you to find out that way. You are both very important to me… the most important people in my life… but now Judy is also a part of that importance, and I hope you will still treat her with respect. You don’t need to think of her as your mother, but she will soon be the Luna of this pack and ruling by my side.”
###Take 679
There was no hint of worry or doubt in Gavin’s voice, and it made my heart swell..
“So, you are going to make things official, then?” Irene asked, looking between us with a skeptical look. “Mating… marriage…
the whole deal?”
“Why are you making things difficult?” Matt asked, frowning up at his sister. “Shouldn’t we be happy? Dad’s finally with someone that isn’t a complete moron…”
“Language,” Gavin scolded, but his tone was lighthearted and held no malice.
“Sorry,” Matt murmured, before his face brightened. “I always Judy as a mom… since I first met her. This is a good thing, right?”
“There’s something else we need to tell you,” Gavin told them, making them freeze.
“There’s more?” Irene asked. “Other than you wanting to date and make things more officiál?”
“Yes,” Gavin said. He turned his head so they could see his mark… the one I put on him. My wolf was howling with delight at the sight of our mate showing off her mark proudly. “We kind of already made things official.”
Irene let out a squeak as she covered her mouth, her eyes wide with shock.
“Wait, what?!” She gasped, nearly falling out of her seat. “You already made things official?”
“Are you just going to repeat the things I say to you?” Gavin asked, turning his head back towards her. “Or are you going to say anything else?”
“When did that happen?” She asked.
“Yesterday,” he replied. “I wasn’t going to waste any more time in making Judy mine. She’s carrying my pup, and I wasn’t going to risk losing her again.”
“So, it’s official then?” Irene asked. “You two are really together.”
“Are you upset?” I found myself asking; it was the first time I’ve spoken the entire time since Gavin announced our new relationship status. I wasn’t sure what more to say, but I was worried that they wouldn’t be pleased with this outcome. J
She looked at me; her eyes shining with something I didn’t understand. She looked me up and down and then pressed her lips together.
“Did you wear that just fo butter me up?” She asked.
My cheeks flushed, and I bit my lower lip, chewing on it.
“Yes,” I admitted.
Irene was quiet for a moment, staring at me, and then she burst out laughing.
“Holy crap,” she chuckled. “Judy, you don’t have to butter me up for this. You know all I wanted was my dad to be happy, and you made him happy. I’m so happy that you are officially a part of our family.”
I blinked at her, surprised.
“You don’t think it’s weird?”
She shrugged.
“I mean, I guess in theory, yeah, it’s weird. But honestly, as long as you are both happy, that’s all that
really matters.”
‘You both matter too,” I say without hesitation. “We want you to be happy and a part of this as well. I don’t want you to think that I’m trying to take your father away.”
Chapter 679
+25 BONUS
“Dad has been away from our lives for a long thine,” Matt said, looking up at him. “I know he’s not my real dad, but he adopted me when I was a baby and let me live in his home. I had nannies and caretakers watching me while he spent his life at work. He barely even came home to see Irene. It wasn’t imtil you showed up in our lives that he started to hang out with us more. We are finally a family, and that’s because of you.‘
Irene nodded in agreement.
“You didn’t take away our father,” Irene agreed. “You gave him back to us. For that, we are forever grateful.”
My heart swelled at their sentiment. I looked up at Gavin, who had soft expression on his face.
“I’m sorry if I ever made you feel as though you weren’t importan” he said to them. “But I promise that will never happen again. You kids and my future pup are my entire world. Never forget that.”
The rest of lunch went by in a breeze; I ate the most incredible fish tacos I had ever had in my life, with a few occasional bites of Gavin’s ribeye. I didn’t know I was craving it until I smelled the delicious food, and then suddenly my craving spiked.
Irene made jokes that it was because she was pregnant, and we all had a chuckle. After lunch, we hugged Irene and Matt goodbye, telling them that we’d see them at the party later.
“That went better than expected,” I told Gavin as we got back into Erik’s waiting car.
“It went exactly how I expected,” he told me, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and pulling me close to him.
“So, now what do we do?” I asked him, resting my head against him.
“Now…” he said, pausing for effect. “We pay a visit to the devil herself.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
X 
###Take 680
Chapter 680 
Judy’s POV
Gavin’s mother lived in a manor on the other side of the pack; it was a smaller manor, but it was perfect for just one woman and her staff members to live there. Chester would speak about this home on occasions because sometimes he would be sent there to work in the kitchen when her head chef fell ill. He would say that despite Donna Landry’s age, she still takes lovers like she were in her youth. She typically sticks with young men and often flirts with Chester as well, though he declines her advances, Even more so now that he’s mated to my best friend.
Being near Donna’s home gave me a sense of unease; I knew this woman couldn’t stand me, and now that I was officially Gavin’s mate and carrying his baby, I knew she was going to throw fit. I just hoped that Daisy wasn’t going to be here to witness it.
Daisy Baldwin and Donna Landry were close, and more often than not, Daisy would be found in Donna’s home.
Erik pulled up the windy driveway, I noticed a marble water fountain of a Greek god in front of the manor. If that didn’t tell you all you needed to know about Donna Landry, then I’m not sure what would.
The car stopped and I found myself staring up at the manor, my heart racing a thousand miles per hour and my palms growing sweaty with nerves. I felt the warmth of Gavin’s hand enclosing mine, bringing me back to the present moment. Hooked up at his earnest expression, and a small smile tipped the corner of his lips.
“It’s going to be okay,” he assured me. “Just stick with me.‘
I bit my lower lip, nibbling on it nervously, and I nodded, trying to steel myself before getting out of the car.
Gavin slid out of the car first, helping me out afterwards. Once we were both out of the car, he nodded at Erik, who gave him a subtle nod in return. Erik’s eyes found mine, and the quirk of his brow made me realize that he understood how I was feeling. Erik had been by my side for a while since I started to work for Gavin, and he became my personal driver. He knew how I felt towards Donna Landry and how she felt towards me.
I knew his look was meant to be reassuring, telling me he was there if anything went wrong, but it only solidified my feelings. Gavin’s hand remained in mine, and he gave me a gentle squeeze.
He walked up the front steps, and before he even reached the door, it opened. A tall, lanky man stood in the breezeway, his greying hair glistened under the setting sun, and his pale green eyes shone with familiarity as he took Gavin in.
“Alpha Landry,” the man said, bowing his head to Gavin. “It’s good to see you again.”
“James,” Gavin greeted. He removed his hand from mine, leaving me feeling oddly cold and vulnerable. But before the feeling could linger and fester, his warm hand was placed on the small of my back, and I let out a breath I hadn’t known I was holding. Is my mother home?”
“She is,” the man said, stepping aside.
James was wearing a tailored suit that reminded me of the suit Adam always wore. I realized that must be the typical butler uniform. I assumed that James was Donna’s butler, considering he was answering her door in that suit.
Gavin, keeping his hand on the small of my back and guiding me, stepped into the home. I got a whiff of the scent that consumed the place, and all I could smell was Gavin’s mother. It wasn’t a terrible smell, but it reminded me of the time she and Daisy ambushed me at the restaurant when I was trying to enjoy my meal with my parents.
That was a scent I would never forget.
“I’ll go retrieve her,” James said as he closed the door behind us. You may go into the sitting room to wait for her. I’ll have a maid bring you both some tea.”
“Thank you,” Gavin said to him as he guided me across the front foyer and towards another room. This room didn’t have a doorway, only an archway. It only had a couple of couches and armchairs, along with a coffee table and a mini bar on the far side of the room. It was casually decorated; much more casual than I expected, and it a strange homey feeling to it.
1/3
+25 BONUS 
There was a large glass door near the mini bar that led out to one of the back patios and overlooked the garden area. Thated to admit it, but this place was gorgeous.
‘Mom loves flowers,” Gavin said, following my gaze. “I made sure this place had the best garden in the pack. Of course, she only likes to look at them and not care for them, so I hired the best gardeners as well.”
“It’s beautiful,” I tell him, my voice coming out softer than intended.
He nodded.
“Take a seat,” he said, motioning for the couch. I did as he said, al he sat beside me, his hand finding mine again. It was almost as if he couldn’t stand the thought of not touching me, and was more than okay with that. My wolf was basking in his nearness and loved his touch even more than I did..
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Take 681
Soon, a woman walked in with a platter of tea and a different assortment of sweeteners, along with a small cup of milk. “Is there anything I can get for you, Alpha?” The woman asked, setting the platter down on the table in front of us. “No, just my mother,” Gavin replied.
“She’ll be down in a moment. You know how your mother is,” the woman said with a faint laugh.
Gavin nodded, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips, though he banaged to suppress it.
“Matilda, this is Judy. Judy, this is my mother’s head maid. She’s been a part of this family for a long time,” Gavin said.
1 smiled politely at the woman, Matilda, who smiled in return and lowed her head to me. Her eyes shifted to the hand Gavin was holding, and her face brightened.
“It’s wonderful to meet you, Miss… uh… sorry, I didn’t catch your last name,” she said, a bit awkwardly.
“It’s Montague,” I told her. “But please, just call me Judy.”
Her smile softened.
“Miss Judy,” she replied. Matilda turned to Gavin and gave him a knowing look. “She’s quite beautiful.”
Before I could feel my cheeks heating and feeling embarrassed about the compliment, Gavin finally allowed himself to smile.
“Yes, she is,” he replied simply, making my heart skip a beat.
I looked up at him, my eyes wide, and he gave me a subtle wink. I wasn’t sure why it surprised me, but it did. The fact that he can be so openly fond of me is shocking and comforting all at the same time.
“I’ll go see what’s keeping your mother,” she said. “If you need anything, just call me on the pack link.”
Gavin nodded and watched her retreating form.
“She seems nice,” I say once we are alone.
He nodded.
“Yeah, Matilda practically raised me growing up,” he explained. “My mother wasn’t around much, and my father was too busy being an Alpha. The only time he really paid attention to me was when I was training. He paid more attention to me when I became a teenager, and he found out that I inherited the Lycan bloodline from my great–grandfather.”
I knew very little of the Lycan bloodline, but I knew that they were a rarity. They were the most powerful wolves in the world, and there were quite a few of them. But there were only 4 of the most powerful amongst the Lycans who were made Chairmen. The 4 members of the Chairmen divided the werewolf nation into 4 parts, though it took a great war for that to happen most powerful of them all managed to get the biggest chunk of land, while the others had smaller parts.
It was Gavin’s great–grandfather who had fought in this war and was labeled the most powerful Lycan. That was passed down to Gavin, and in due time, it turned out that Gavin was also the most powerful after his great–grandfather passed away.
“It must have been difficult for you to not have your parents around all the time,” I tell him, leaning against him. “I couldn’t imagine not having mine with me… even though I’m adopted. My parents are my rock.”
Gavin nodded thoughtfully.
“Do you know anything of your birth parents?” He asked.
I used to wonder more about them growing up, but over time, I realized that some things were better left unknown. I had a great life with a great family, and I didn’t want anything to ruin that.
“Only that they died in a rogue attack a few days after I was born,‘ told him. “I was found and brought to an orphanage where I
lived for a few years. I don’t remember much about the orphanage but for a long time, I used to have nightmares. I’m pretty sure I was mistreated, and it left a lasting impression on my soul because I was never truly able to forget.”
I remembered the nightmares vividly, being yelled at and hit whenever I made a sound. Lying in a dirty diaper and getting the most painful rashes, crying until I had no voice, and nobody would come to see if I was okay. When I was 2 years old, I was picked on by other kids and made to feel like I was less than them
These were all dreams, so I wasn’t sure if any of it really happened, but it all felt so real.
But then I was adopted and brought to the Redmoon Pack. That was where my life truly began.
“I only know they died when I was a baby,” I told him with a shrug “I don’t think much about them anymore. I have a family that I love and wouldn’t trade anything for.
Gavin nodded, a thoughtful expression on his face. Before we could say anything else, a voice spoke from the archway, making my entire body freeze.
“Why did you bring this bitch into my house?”
###Take 682
Chapter 682 
Judy’s POV 
+25 BONUS 
4 
Gavin’s body tensed at the sound of his mother’s words; his hand gripping mine tightly. He turned to look at her, she stood in the archway of the sitting room, her arms folded across her chest. She wore a gorgeous evening gown, making me think she was just heading out. Her hair was perfectly curled and tied up into a bun, and her makeup looked professionally done. 
Her perfectly trimmed brows were knitted together as she stared at the two of us, her eyes occasionally drifting to the hand that Gavin was grasping as if his life depended on it. 
I wasn’t surprised by her rude voice or that I wasn’t welcomed into her home. But I was there for Gavin, so I kept my lips clamped shut, hating that my cheeks were growing red. 
“Watch how you speak about her, Mother,” Gavin said, a dangerous edge to his voice. “Don’t forget whose property this really is. Judy is here as my guest, and you’ll show her respect.” 
She pressed her lips together until they were nothing more than a thin line. 
“So, that’s how this is going to be?” She asked, narrowing her eyes at her son. “You are threatening me for her now? Are you seriously trading a Baldwin for this?” 
I blanched at her words, but Gavin didn’t release my hand. 
“There was nothing to trade. Daisy was never an option for me, and I’m not sure how much more I could make that clear,” Gavin said, his tone firm and leaving no room for arguments. 
“She’s a Baldwin… the same bloodline as your mate!” Donna said, a snarl to her tone. “Why wouldn’t you want to stick to the same bloodline. Plus, they are a powerful and rich family. What more could you possibly want? What could this woman offer you that Daisy couldn’t?” 
“Melissa stopped being my mate the day she was taken from this world. The bond shattered immediately,” Gavin said, speaking in a low and guarded tone. It made my heart squeeze painfully in my chest, and yet still, he hadn’t let go of my hand. It was reassuring in a way to know that he was still present with me, despite speaking about the past with his mother. “Just because Daisy shares the same blood as her doesn’t make her remotely close to being my mate. Melissa and Daisy couldn’t stand each other, and she would never want me to get with her sister in the first place. But regardless of that, there’s nothing between Daisy and me despite what your wishes.” 
“That’s because you haven’t given her a proper chance yet,” Donna said stubbornly; she was relentless and clearly not giving up. “You could learn to love her and choose her as your mate. You could be a powerful couple.” 
“I’m not doing this with you again, Mother. I will say this for the final time: I will not take Daisy as my mate. She will never be my anything, let alone my Luna. I know that’s not what you want to hear, but the fact of the matter is, Judy is my second chance mate, and she will be the one by my side at the end.” 
I gawked at him; I wasn’t expecting him to just come right out and say it, But he shamelessly told his mother the truth without sugar coating it. Her eyes grew large as she stared at him and then at me. I saw the darkness swirling in her gaze and the anger flashing across her face as she clenched her fists. 
“What the fuck did you do to my son, you fucking bitch!” She hissed, and before I could say anything or react, she was inches in front of me, swiping her hand across my face, and the sting of her slap nearly sent me spiraling. 
I tasted the copper blood from my split lip, and she raised her hand to slap me again. Only this time, Gavin could reast and was in front of me within a second. His aura was strong, and I could feel his anger rolling off him in waves. He was gripping his mother’s hand, squeezing tightly, making her face go pale as she stared up at her son. Her eyes were staring at him like she was staring at a stranger, barely recognizing the man in front of her. 
“G…Gavin… you’re hurting me,” she said through her gritted teeth as she tried to break free from his grip 
“Lay your hands on my mate again, and you’ll know what real pain feels like,” he said through his own teeth. I knew it was his wolf speaking, and a shudder ran through me; he sounded so deadly and serious in that moment. 
? 
1/3 
Chapter 682 
Her eyes grew larger, almost comically so. 
“I’m your mother,” she bit out. “How could you 
“I don’t care who you are. Hurt her again, and I’ll do much worse to you,” he said, interrupting her before she could say a word. “Apologize.” 
She gawked at him; his eyes were non–blinking, and his face was serious. 
“I refuse,” she spat out, a venomous bite to her words. 
“Apologize now!!” He roared, his voice deep but controlled. I felt his Lycan powers wash over him, and I knew she felt it too because, despite her resistance, her eyes darted to me. 
“I’m sorry for striking you, Judy,” she said, and I knew it pained her to speak those words. 
###Take 683
I wouldn’t dare speak. 
Gavin released his grip on his mother. I saw the red mark on her wrist, though I knew it would heal in minutes, I still shivered at the thought that Gavin had hurt his mother enough to leave a mark He was pissed, despite the apology. His wolf was still so pent up over the fact that his mother hurt me enough to draw blood, I could feel the anxiety and the anger continuing to roll off 
him. 
I knew I needed to do something, so I placed my hand on his back, feeling his rigid shoulders. 
“Hey,” I said softly. “I’m okay. Just sit down with me.” 
I felt him relaxing slightly, though his eyes remained trained on his mother. I ran my fingers down his back and touched his hand, entwining my fingers with his. 
“Please, Gavin,” I whisper. “Just sit down.” 
After a pause, Gavin finally lowered himself back onto the couch beside me. 
“Matilda,” Donna said, her eyes darting to Matilda, who stood shell–shocked at the archway. I hadn’t even seen or heard her approaching, and I wondered how much of that she saw. “Can you get the antiseptic and an icepack for Miss Montague’s face?” 
“Y… yes, ma’am,” Matilda said and darted from the room without another word. 
Donna’s words surprised me, and it seemed to be enough to snap Gavin out of his stupor because soon his entire body turned in my direction. His hands were cupping my face, and I could see the fear and worry in his eyes. 
“Are you okay?” He whispered, his thumb tracing my lower lip. I winced slightly when he brushed my split lip, but the pain went away almost immediately after. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered. “I shouldn’t have let her get that close to you…” 
“I’m okay,” I assured him. “It’s only a small scratch. It’ll heal in no time.” 
He leaned in and pressed his forehead to mine, taking in a deep smell as if he was memorizing my scent. 
“I’ll never let that happen again,” he assured me, placing a small kiss on the corner of my lip. He tucked a strand of hair behind my ear, his fingers brushing across my cheek and sending a jolt of electricity through my body, drawing me in closer to him. 
I was wildly aware of Donna staring at us from across the room. As soon as Gavin released his hold on her arm, she scurried away before he could grab her again. I couldn’t blame her; I’m sure she was still shocked that her own son would resort to hurting her because of another woman. I was shocked as well; I didn’t think Gavin would choose me over his own mother… and yet here I was, being cared for by him while his mother glared at us from across the room. 
Not long after, Matilda returned with the required stuff. She was about to help me put the antiseptic on, but Gavin grabbed it from her and dismissed her, without even looking in her direction 
Gavin placed the ointment on my lip and then the ice pack on my cheek to keep it from swelling. 
“So, that’s how it’s going to be now?” Donna finally asked after a long while. “It’s her over your own mother?” 
“I love you, Mother, but it will always be my mate over anyone,” he said without hesitation. His eyes found hers from across the room, and his expression softened slightly. “You were mated to my father, and you stuck by him despite everything he had done to you. Despite his treatment of both you and me…. You’re still stuck with him. You did that because he was our fated mate, and despite everything, you loved him. I’m not giving Judy up for anything or anyone. I almost lost her once, and in not going to make that mistake again.” 
My heart swelled at his words, and I felt tears stinging my eyes. If I wasn’t reassured before, I certainly was now. There was no doubt in my mind how Gavin felt about me now. 
“I see,” she replied tightly. “And there’s no hope for Daisy…” 
“No, there’s not,” Gavin replied, narrowing his eyes. “Not only is Judy my second chance mate… but she’s also carrying my pup. 
1/3 
Chapter 683 
I will do whatever I can to protect her and our pup.” 
Donna gawked at us, 
shocked. 
+20 BURIUS 
“She’s what” She gasped. “Are you telling me she’s carrying my grandchild?” 
“Yes,” Gavin replied, wrapping an arm around my shoulders while using his other one to keep the ice pack on my cheek. “We are having a baby.” 
She covered her mouth with her hands as his, words sank in. 
Gavin raised his brows at his mother, unsure of what to make of her reaction. 
“Are you telling me you had no idea of any of this?” Gavin asked. 
She shook her head. 
“How could I have known?” She asked. “You never told me.” 
“No, but then why would you auction off the Moon Gem if you weren’t giving up on the idea of me and Daisy being together?” 
The silence that stretched on felt like hours before Donna finally spoke; her yees filled with confusion that made my stomach 
twist. 
“Who said I was auctioning off the Moon Gem” 
###Take 684
Chapter 684 
Gavin’s POV
I never laid a finger on my mother before; never even thought about it. But the second she struck Judy, drawing blood from her lip, I saw nothing but red. The fury and red–hot boiling rage that burned inside of me was too much for even me to handle. My wolf saw a thousand different scenarios of killing the woman in front of me, the woman who called herself my mother.
If it wasn’t for Judy’s calm and gentle touch, bringing me back to reality, I probably would have played out some of those scenarios right then and there. Thankfully, it didn’t resort to that
When I told my mother about Judy being my second chance mate and carrying my pup, her reaction honestly took me by surprise. I thought she would have known or at least pretended not to know. But her sudden realization and shock were hard to miss, and suddenly, something in my chest tightened.
She had no idea, and that confused me more than anything.
“No, but then why would you auction off the Moon Gem if you weren’t giving up on the idea of me and Daisy being together?” There was a long stretch of silence as the confusion clouded my mother’s face. Her brows pinched together.
“Who said I was auctioning off the Moon Gem”
Now it was my turn to be confused. There was no hint of lying or deceit.
“There’s an auction in Windleton. Beta Taylor got word that the Moon Gem was going to be auctioned,” I told her. “You didn’t know about this?”
She let out a laugh, but it was filled with confusion and disbelief.
“The Gem is not being auctioned. Don’t be ridiculous. It’s a family heirloom, part of your heritage. It belongs to you after you mate and pick a Luna for the pack. Regardless of who that might be… It’s in your father’s will and his father before that… and so on. Not even I could change that.”
“So, you’re telling me that you have the gem here?” I asked, a hope rising in my chest.
“Of course I do. It’s in my lock box,” she said. “I keep it close. It’s in my quarters.”
“Show it to me,” I said without hesitation. I stood up, still holding onto Judy’s hand. I wasn’t letting go of her; initially, it w because I couldn’t stand not being near her, I couldn’t stand not touching her. But now it was more for protection. I didn’t trust my mother not to attack her again, and my wolf was still on edge from the first time. Judy’s cheek was still red, and her lip was still split. I knew it was going to heal quickly, but not quickly enough.
My mother looked between the two of us, a frown marring her lips.
“You want me to show you to my personal quarters?” She asked.
I rolled my eyes.
“I’m your son,” I reminded her. “Not some stranger, and this is my mate. She goes where I go. Yes, show us your room and show us the lock box. I need to be sure that the gem is there.”
“I assure you… It’s there,” she said, folding her arms across her chest. “I have the key right here…” She froze as she touched her
bare chest.
Her frown deepened as she clutched at nothing, and my stomach twisted.
“What is it?” I asked her.
It seemed she was lost in thought for a moment before realization dawned on her.
“I forgot, I was given a new necklace for an event I attended last week,” she said, giving an awkward chuckle. “I removed the other necklace and put it down. The key was attached ot that necklace. It’s in my room, though.” 
Chapter 684
+25 BONUS
“Take us,” I told her for the final time, my tone leaving no room for arguments. I was running out of patience, and we had a welcoming party at the Redmoon packhouse. It was an important event to not only welcome Judy home and announce our mating and pregnancy, but it was also an introduction to the Redcliff pack and the merger.
My mother sighed and eventually turned and started out of the sitting room. I looked at Judy and nodded at her. I released her hand, but I placed my hand on her lower back and had her go in front of me. Together, we followed after my mother. We walked up the windy stairs until we reached the second floor, and then we traveled down the hallway, it was brightly lit and a wide space, with a crystal chandelier hanging in the glass casings that field my mother’s collections, glistening.
She stopped outside a large set of doors and pulled them open, stepping into her bedroom.
Judy, who remained in front of me, hesitated outside the door, unsure if she was allowed to enter. I gave her a gentle push, and she stepped forward into the room. I followed after her, keeping my hand on her lower back.
###Take 685
+25 BONUS 
My mother walked over to her dresser on the far side of the room, and she rummaged through an old antique box that I knew my father had gifted her for one of their anniversaries years ago.
After a moment, she pulled out a long golden necklace with a rare pink diamond encased in white diamonds. Next to the pendant was a small golden key.
“There it is,” she said, walking over to one of her drawers and pulling it open. I waited in the distance with Judy as she pulled out a gorgeous white box with engravings on it. I had never seen that box before, but it was clear it meant something to her by the way she handled it.
She placed the box down on the dresser and took the key in her hand.
“The gem is right in here,” she said, looking at me from over her shoulder. “I wouldn’t take it out unless necessary.”
I stepped closer to her, peering down at the box from over her shoulder.
“Open it,” I demanded it, a little too gruffly.
She frowned up at me.
“I’m still your mother,” she said hotly. “You don’t need to speak to me like that.”
I let out a breath; I was still on edge after she hurt my mate; kindness wasn’t a thing I wanted to show her right now, but she was right. She was my mother, and if I wanted her to do what I said, I needed to watch my tone with her.
“I apologize,” I said, lowering my voice. “But this is important.”
She looked at me for a moment longer before her eyes flickered to Judy. I wanted to growl at the dismissive way she was looking at my mate, but then, to my surprise, her gaze softened, and she sighed, almost defeatedly.
“Very well,” she breathed, turning back to the box.
She turned the key, and I heard it click unlock. She brushed her fingers along the seams of the open and pressed a button, allowing the top to open. Her eyes drifted into the box, and then her entire body froze.
As I stared at her, I saw the color draining from her face, and the confused look turned into utter shock and horror.
“Mom?” I asked, stepping closer to her to peer into the box. Her hands trembled, and when she looked up at me, I already knew … she didn’t have to say a word about it.
“It’s gone, isn’t it?” I asked, though I feared I already knew the answer.
“I…I don’t understand,” she whispered hoarsely. “I hadn’t taken it out of this box. It was here. It’s been here since passed away… how could it just disappear?”
your
father
“So, the Moon Gem is missing?” Judy asked, a nervousness in her fone as she looked up at me. I kept my eyes glued to my mother’s pale face; I knew she had no idea the gem had gone missing. She was learning about this at the same time were and it was frustrating because there was really nobody to blame for this situation.
“I don’t understand how it could be possible,” she whispered, staring between the two of us. “I…”
“When was the last time you saw it?” I asked her.
“I’m not sure… I hadn’t opened this box in years. I hadn’t needed to open it. The gem wouldn’t work for me. It had to be an Alpha born from your bloodline,” she explained. “There’s no reason it should be missing.”
“Did anybody else know about this?” I asked. “Somebody you told? Or somebody who found out?”
She thought about it for a moment, and then her eyes grew wary; she traced the necklace pendant, her mind clearly elsewhere.
I stepped in front of her, trying to get her attention.
1/3
Chapter 685
+25 BONUS 
“Mom?” I asked her.
She blinked and looked up at me.
“Yes,” she whispered. “Only one… but I don’t see why she would take it…”
“Who is it, Mom?” I asked her, an urgency in my tone.
“She helped me remove this necklace from around my neck when she gifted me the other necklace for last week’s event…” my mother murmured, lost in her own thoughts, “She wouldn’t, though… would she?” It was like she had forgotten I was standing right there.
I put my hands on my mother’s shoulders to jostle her.
“Mom, who did you tell?” I asked her firmly and a bit louder. “Who gave you that necklace? Who else knew about this gem?”
She finally met my eyes, sobering slightly.
“Daisy Baldwin…” (1
###Take 686
Chapter 686 
Judy’s POV 
+25 BONUS 
“I need you to call that auction and find out who put that gem on the list,” Gavin said, taking hold of my hand and guiding me 
out of his mom’s room. 
“You don’t really think she’d steal it, do you?” Donna asked, trailing after us. I could hear the worry in her voice, and I started to feel bad. If she was truly deceived by Daisy, it meant everything she knew was a lie. 
“That’s what we need to find out,” Gavin said as we made our way down the stairs. “Regardless, Judy and I are going to that auction on Saturday. We can’t let anybody get to that gem. But I need you to find out the truth about Daisy. I’ll send Taylor over in the morning, and you can investigate it tomorrow. But call the auction tonight and see if you can get the gem pulled. It belongs to you, so that might be enough to retrieve it.” 
Donna nodded as we stopped at the front door. She looked uneasy, her mind clouded with thoughts. 
Gavin turned to look at his mother. 
“I know this wasn’t your fault,” he told her gently. “But we need to remain calm if we want to figure this out. There’s no use in dwelling on what can’t be controlled.” 
She looked up at him, tears filling her eyes, and then she nodded slowly. 
“I’m so sorry…” she whispered. “I had no idea.” 
“I know.” 
She then looked at me, more tears filling her eyes. 
“Are you really carrying my grandpup?” She asked me, much to my surprise. 
I put my hand on my belly, feeling my nerves jostling. 
“I am,” I told her. 
Gavin put an arm around me, pulling me close to his side, a show of affection and protection that made me melt. 
She stepped closer to me, making Gavin tense, though the look in her eyes was anything but vicious. 
A small smile tipped the corner of her lips. 
“Thank you for being there for my son when I was too blinded,” she whispered. 
I nodded slowly, feeling my heart swelling. 
She blinked away the tears in her eyes, and then a stoic expression surfaced on her face as she turned to her son. 
“We’ll get it back,” she said, determined. 
Gavin nodded in response. He gave his mom a gentle kiss on the cheek before he took hold of my hand and pulled me out of the 
manor. 
“Where to now?” I asked him as we hurried towards Erik’s waiting car. 
“We have a party to get to,” he told me. “And tomorrow, we figure everything else out.” 
I nodded. 
I wasn’t really in the mood for a party tonight, but I wanted to see my family and friends, and plus, I wanted to support Sampson and Lucy while they introduced themselves officially as the new Alpha and Luna of the Redmoon pack. They deserved that much 
at least. 
13 
Chapter 686 
+25 BONUS 
I was be there as well. My mouth nearly dropped when I saw how huge the party was. We could hear the music playing before we even pulled up to the packhouse. People were outside in the front, the back, and all inside. 
Pecting the Redmoon pack to show up at the packhouse, but I wasn’t expecting a majority of the Silver Crescent pack to 
I looked at Gavin nervously, not used to this number of people all in one place. He gave me a reassuring smile and squeezed my hand as he helped me out of the car. 
“Come on,” he said, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and keeping me close to his side. 
As soon as we started to pass the crowds of people, eyes turned in our direction. It was surreal having everyone bow as we walked by them; I knew it had nothing to do with me and everything to do with Gavin, but still, but association, it still felt surreal. Gavin didn’t let me go the entire time, not even when we were inside. 
I immediately spotted Nan and Chester; Nan was holding Emalyn in her arms, and Chester was staring admiringly at her. Her diamond engagement ring glistened on her finger, catching the light from the chandelier that hung high on the ceiling 
My parents were with Sampson and Lucy, introducing them to a few other packmates. Lucy spotted me and she smiled, excusing herself from Sampson’s side to join me. 
“Hey, you came!” She came, wrapping me in her arms. Gavin reluctantly released me so I could embrace my friend. 
“Of course I did. Did you really think I’d miss this?” I asked her, hugging her back tightly. 
“There are so many people here. I didn’t expect this outcome when we sent out a notice about the party,” she breathed. “Two packs are in this packhouse right now. It’s insane.” 
“They wanted to welcome the new Alpha and Luna,” I told her. “It’s been a while since the Redmoon pack had anyone, and they are excited.” 
###Take 687
“I think it’s more than that. I think they are mainly here for you,” he told me, making me raise my brows, “We set up an entire stage in the back. We are preparing for a speech. We were hoping that Alpha Landry would say a few words…” 
She looked up at Gavin with a hopeful expression, and he nodded. 
“Yes,” he answered. “I did have an announcement I wanted to make anyway, so this works out well.” 
He wraps his arm around me again, pulling me close. 
Lucy beamed. She already knew that I was pregnant and back with Gavin, but she didn’t know I was mated to him. I had my hair down, covering my mark, and Gavin’s shirt collar covered his mark 
We spent some time going around and speaking to some of the packmates. I received quite a few hugs, mostly from family and friends. I ate some food, and Gavin made sure that I drank plenty of water, knowing that I needed to take care of my body for the sake of our baby. 
“We should get ready for the announcement,” Gavin said into my ear, making my cheeks heat. 
I nodded as I peeked up at him. 
“Okay,” I say. 
He placed his hand on the small of my back and guided me out the back door. We were greeted by some others as we stepped onto the back patio. Gavin nodded at them but otherwise said nothing as we walked down the steps and towards the stage. 
Some workers were still setting things up, but for the most part, there was enough space for everybody in the space, and I grew nervous knowing they were all going to be looking at me and Gavin 
“Hey,” Gavin said, his hand coming up to cup my cheek. “Breathe. It’s going to be okay. What do you think is going to happen?” 
“An uproar,” I told him, nibbling on my lower lip. “What if they aren’t happy with me being their future Luna?” 
“Are you kidding me?” He asked. “They are going to be thrilled. They already know you’re a badass and you’re mine… that’s all that matters.” 
I felt myself relaxing, and I nodded slowly. 
Not long before, the entire outside was filled with everybody. They were all eagerly waiting to get a glimpse of their new Alpha. Sampson stood on the stage with Lucy by his side; both looked like a dream couple, and I was envious of the connection that they shared. I wondered if Gavin and I would share the same connection, or if we already do. 
“Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedules to celebrate with us today. My mate, Lucy, is very happy to be here despite the horrific circumstances that led us here. I speak for the remaining Redcliff pack when I say that adjustments are tough, and the loss we faced is something we wish on no one. I know with certainty that my mate is here with a heavy heart, but we are grateful for the chance to start fresh and put the past behind us. Until we arrived, we didn’t know what it was like to have a Lycan who was a constant source, and I must say, it’s nice to have that kind of assistance. This territory is lucky to have Alpha Landry as their Lycan, and I’m honored to be personally chosen by him to be the Alpha of the Redmoon pack. I’ve only been here for a couple of days, and the first day was spent in solitude, mourning the pack and the land we had lost. The second day, we spent settling in and exploring the land. Now, today, we introduce ourselves as your new Alpha and Luna. There are some changes that will take place starting today that I will go over with you, but let me introduce myself. I am Sampson Olivier, and this beautiful woman beside me is my mate, Lucy Oliver.” 
There was an eruption of applause, making Lucy blush as she clung to Sampson’s side. I clapped as well, proud to see my friend the center of attention. 
“Though this party is to welcome us as your Alpha and Luna, it’s also so the Redcliff pack can officially meet the Redmoon pack, and the true merger can begin,” Sampson continued. “It’s also to welcome home a beloved member of the Redmoon pack and a recent asset to the Redcliff pack, Judy Montague.” 
1/3 
Chapter 687 
#25 BONUS 
He paused when the applause erupted even louder, making me bl 
“Before we get into anything else, Alplin Landry would like to say a few words,” Sampson announced, stepping aside and joining in on the clapping and cheers. 
Lucy grinned at me and gave me a bright smile. 
Gavin squeezed my and reassuringly and was about to step forward, towards the stage, but halted when the sounds of gunfire were heard in the distance. Everybody grew ghostly quiet, and my stomach turned when I heard screaming 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Take 688
Chapter 688 
Judy’s POV
Everything happened so fast; the gunshots sounded, and the screaming began. I could see the smoke from the gunfire in my peripheral and before I could even comprehend what was happening, Gavin was grabbing my arm and pulling me behind him in a show of defense and protection.
“Everybody, get down!!” He barked, his Lycan aura powerful. Nobody could resist his order, and soon, everybody fell to the ground. Screams continued as the gunshots grew louder. I heard growling and then suddenly it hit me… the scent.
“Rogues…” I whispered.
“We need to get everybody to the packhouse,” Gavin told me, keeping himself posted in front of me.
Gammas all over were already prepared for an attack; some of them were shifting into their wolf forms, others were readying their weapons and waiting for the rogues to storm the packhouse grounds.
It didn’t take long for the first rogue to appear; he was in his wolf form and was followed by others also in their wolf forms. Some gammas were already working on getting the women and children to the packhouse by the time the rogues had arrived. My eyes were wide when I saw others running in our direction with guns and armor.
“How did they get gear?” I asked. “Rogues aren’t allowed weapons and armor like that.”
Gavin’s lips were pressed together as a snarl escaped his throat.
“They were given supplies,” he said through his teeth.
He turned to look at me; his eyes glowing yellow as his wolf fought to take control and protect his territory.
“Get the packhouse with the others,” he said, his voice coming out gruff. He was more wolf than man.
I shook my head.
“Let me stay and help. I’m a good fighter; you know I’m an asset and can help,” I told him.
The guns continued to go off, and I heard someone screaming… this time in pain.
It drew our attention to the bloodied scene that lay out in front of us. Packmates were getting hit and shot now; I heard their loved ones crying while Gammas struggled to drag them away and to safety.
“I can’t leave him!!!!” One woman cried as her husband went down.
My heart shattered when I saw that he was lying unconscious, blood seeping out from around him.
“Can’t stay here… It’s too dangerous,” the gammas told her, dragging her away and towards the packhouse.
I looked around, trying to get a glimpse of my own friends and family, my heart hammering against my chest.
“Judy, you need to leave… NOW,” Gavin growled, his eyes turning back in my direction.
“What about you?” I asked him, looking up at him, tears filling my eyes. “I can’t leave you.”
I felt a hand wrap around my wrist, and I turned to see Gamma Derek standing beside me. Gavin must have mindlinked him, and I glared at Gavin in disbelief.
Gavin, noticing Derek’s hand on me, immediately glowered at him, but kept himself under control, knowing that Derek was only doing his job.
“Get her back to the packhouse safely,” he bit out.
“Yes, Alpha,” Derek said, pulling me along with him.
At first, I struggled, but the nearby gunshots and my vision turning blurry for the rattled feeling of the earth and the gun powder, made me lose my fight.
“Judy!” I heard Nan yelling as she and Chester rushed towards me. We were almost at the packhouse entrance. Gammas were swarming the place, keeping it protected.
I hadn’t noticed I was crying until Nan had her arms wrapped around me. I let myself crumble for a moment as I was pulled into the chaos of the packhouse. It was mainly filled with women, children, and the elderly. There were a few men, those who couldn’t fight or didn’t want to lift a finger. There were a ton of Gammas inside, just as there were outside as well. There were way more gammas fighting alongside Gavin, though, which brought me a sense of ease, though I didn’t like the fact that I had no idea where my mate was now.
###Take 689
Chapter 689
My wolf was desperate to keep her eyes on him and ensure his safety, but I knew there was no way they’d let me leave here.
“I need to see Gavin…” I said, my voice raspy from consuming the gunpowder.
“Sorry, future Luna, but I have orders to keep you in the packhouse,” Derek said, looking a bit sheepish.
“Judy!” I heard my mother’s voice, and I felt relieved that she was okay.
She ran towards me, tears in her eyes, as she wrapped me in her arms. “It’s your father… he’s been injured.”
My heart shattered in an instant.
“What?” I gasped, looking at her through my own tear–filled eyes. “What do you mean ht’s hurt?”
“They are taking him to the hospital,” she cried. “He was shot. The bullets are laced with silver. They won’t let me go with him. They ordered that I stay here where it’s safe.”
My lip trembled as a sob escaped me.
“How bad was it? Where was he shot?” I asked, panic consuming me.
“In the stomach,” she replied, covering her mouth as she sobbed. “I don’t know what to do. This family had gone through so much. We can’t lose him.”
I hugged her tightly.
“Dad is strong. He’s endured so much. Something like this isn’t going to take him away from us,” I assured her.
I could still hear gunshots from outside, and it was hard to tell if they were from our gammas or the rogues. Not knowing where Gavin was destroying me on the inside, I now understood how my mother was feeling when it came to my father. At least I was bonded with Gavin, so I’d be able to feel it if he were dying or in serious trouble. Right now, my wolf was just anxious and wanted our mate back.
A gamma walked into the packhouse, pulling a distraught Lucy with him. She was sobbing and struggling against him, screaming for Sampson. I ran to her without hesitation.
“Lucy, what’s going on? Where’s Sampson?” I asked her.
She was too wound up to actually speak; she blubbered something incoherent, so the Gamma spoke for her.
“He’s battling the rogues with Alpha Landry,” he explained. “He made me drag Lucy away against her wishes.”
I nodded at him before wrapping her in my arms. I’m sure she was thinking about the rogue attack at the Redcliff pack.
“Hey, it’s going to be okay. Sampson is going to be okay,” I assured her.
“He was shot in the leg,” she sobbed, her entire body trembling. “I watched him go down as the I have no idea if he’s okay or not…”
‘led me away.
“Your wolf would be able to feel it if he weren’t,” I assured her. “Trust your instincts. Your mate is strong. He’s come through.”
As much as I wanted to go out there and help with this battle, looking around, I knew there were things I needed to accomplish here. If I were going to be Gavin’s Luna, I would need to do the job of a Luna and keep everyone here safe so that they can fight the rogues without worry.
Taking a deep breath, I tried to calm my nerves.
“I need everyone to stay away from the window and doors, I announced, loud enough through the commotion that most were able to hear me. “Let the gammas do their jobs and protect you. They need easy access to the door, so we shouldn’t crowd around them. As for the children, we should gather them all up and bring them upstairs with a couple of gammas as well for extra precaution. The further away they are from the chaos, the better.”
“That’s a good idea,” Nan said, cradling Emalyn in her arms; her eyes were blood shot and I knew, like the rest of everyone else, she was crying all. I realized at that moment that Chester wasn’t here.
?
###Take 690
“Is Chester out there as well?” I asked.
She nodded.
“I tried to get him to come with me because he’s not a fighter… he’s a cook. But he insisted on helping Alpha Gavin,” she told me.
A pit of worry formed in my belly, and I put my hand on her shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze.
I was surprised when people started to listen to me. Mothers everywhere were hugging their kids tightly and kissing their foreheads, sending them off with the gammas to head upstairs.
“I’m going upstairs with Emalyn,” she told me, her eyes filling with tears. “I need a distraction.”
I nodded and watched as she disappeared up the stairs with the children and a few gammas.
“What are we supposed to do?” I heard a woman asking. “What if we lose this battle and the rogues take over?”
“That’s not going to happen…” another woman said confidently. “Alpha Landry would never let that happen, and he’s the strongest Lycan in the world.”
“It’s true,” another said. “He’ll keep us safe… He has to keep us safe.”
“I don’t understand why the rogues are attacking the pack, Irene said, standing beside me. It was the first time. It’s almost like they knew we were here somehow. Did someone tip them off?”
The thought left me spiraling into worry. She was right; why would the rogues attack here? It was like when they attacked the Redcliff pack? Now that the Redcliff pack is here, they are attacking here. Is that pack being followed somehow?
Pain shot through my stomach, and I let out a screech as I fell to the ground. I vaguely remember hearing Irene screaming my name and a pair of cold hands on my back as collapsed to the ground. My vision grew hazy, and I had to fight to keep consciousness. My stomach was aching so badly, and my wolf was whimpering.
For a second, I thought it was because Gavin was hurt, but no… this was different.
My wolf’s thoughts were coming through loud and clear, and my heart rate started to grow faster.
“Judy,” I heard my mother crying; her hands on my head as they turned me over to lie on my back. “What is it, baby? Talk to me…”
She brushed my hair out of my face, and I realized how badly I was sweating; when did I get a fever? The second my hair was out of my face and behind my shoulder, my mouth let out a gasp.
“Is that a mating mark?” She asked.
“Holy shit,” Nan said. “Did Judy and Alpha Gavin officially mate?”
Irene let out a sob.
“Is it my dad?” Irene asked. “Is that why you’re in pain? Is this happening to him as well? Is.
.urt”
She was firing off so many questions that I couldn’t keep up with her. I could barely get the words out of my mouth. My vision started to return slightly, and I looked up to see her panicked face. I tried to reassure her that it wasn’t her father, but I couldn’t force the words out of my mouth.
“We need to get her to a hospital,” my mother said, motioning for a Gamma who had finally taken notice of me.
His face went pale as he rushed towards me.
“Holy fuck, what happened?” he asked. “Her legs are bleeding…”
I didn’t need to look to where he was looking; I had blood between my legs, I could feel the warmth of it, and my heart shattered. My wolf whimpered with worry.
My mother’s brows furrowed with worry, and I met her eyes.
“Please…” I managed; my vision grew hazy once again, and my breathing shallow as I went limp in her arms.” Protect my baby…”
###Take 691
Gavin’s POV
The battle stretched on for what felt like hours. There were lives lost, but most of them were the lives of rogues. I felt sick to my stomach as I stared down at the bodies of some of my men. One woman who didn’t make it inside on time. I felt like I had failed them; as a Lycan, I was meant to protect them and keep danger out of their reach… and yet they were dead.
The rest of the rogues who stormed the pack had fled; we captured a few of them for questioning, one of whom happened to be a pregnant she–wolf who held a gun but couldn’t shift. She was tearful and terrified as she faced me, begging for her life and the life of her unborn pup. Taylor escorted her away and towards the holding cell with the others who were captured.
I winced at the sting of a bullet that pierced the side of my body. It was laced in silver, so it hurt like a mother fucker, but it wasn’t a fatal wound.
“I think that she–wolf rogue is the one who will spill all the secrets,” Taylor said as he stood beside me, his arms folded as we watched the rest of the rogues being rounded up, dead or alive.
I nodded.
She seemed as if she would do pretty much anything if it meant keeping her life and the life of her pup.
“Question her first, then,” I said, turning back towards the packhouse. “I need to make sure Judy is okay.”
“Yes, Alpha,” Taylor said, but there was hesitation in his voice that made me pause.
“What is it?” I asked, before I moved another step, my patience running thin.
“It’s just that… the fact that they knew that most of the Silver Crescent pack, the Redmoon pack, and the remaining Redcliff pack were here tonight… it proves that our system was hacked. They saw that we were here, and they attacked accordingly.”
“And you think Levi had something to do with this attack?” I asked.
He didn’t have to reply for me to know what he was thinking.
“Yes…” he said after a slight pause.
“Find out what you can,” I said as I started towards the packhouse. “Whatever Levi is planning, it ends soon.”
“Yes, Alpha,” Taylor said before he went off on his own mission to gather information.
Just as I made it back to the packhouse, one of the Gammas rushed towards me.
“Alpha, you’ve returned. Has the battle been won?” He asked, a hopeful yet a worried look in his eyes.
“Yes… It’s over now. We are closing the borders. As of right now, all surrounding packs are on lockdown,” I told him. “Make sure the word is spread.”
“Dad!” I heard Irene screaming as she rushed towards me, tears in her eyes as her body trembled.
I knew she was worried about me and the future of the pack with the rogue attacks. She wrapped her arms around me and sobbed.
“The threat is gone,” I assured her. “I won’t let my guard down again. You are safe, Irene.”
“It’s not that,” she sobbed. “It’s Judy…”
My entire body froze at the sound of her broken words. My wolf was immediately on edge at the thought of something happening to our mate.
“What do you mean?” I asked, aware that my tone was darkening. “What happened with Judy?”
“I don’t know,” she sobbed. “They wouldn’t let me go with her. She was fine one minute, strong as ever, and the next, she was complaining about stomach pains, then the blood…” she cried, her bottom lip trembling as she pulled back. Her eyes had gone wild. “There was so much blood.”
My blood ran cold.
“What, what do you mean by blood?” I nearly roared.
“There was blood between her legs… I think it might have something to do with the baby,” she cried, covering her face with her hands.
“Where is she?” I asked, my voice coming out as a roar. “Where is my mate?”
###Take 692
“I think it’s more than that. I think they are mainly here for you,” he told me, making me raise my brows, “We set up an entire stage in the back. We are preparing for a speech. We were hoping that Alpha Landry would say a few words…”
She looked up at Gavin with a hopeful expression, and he nodded.
“Yes,” he answered. “I did have an announcement I wanted to make anyway, so this works out well.”
He wraps his arm around me again, pulling me close.
Lucy beamed. She already knew that I was pregnant and back with Gavin, but she didn’t know I was mated to him. I had my hair down, covering my mark, and Gavin’s shirt collar covered his mark
We spent some time going around and speaking to some of the packmates. I received quite a few hugs, mostly from family and friends. I ate some food, and Gavin made sure that I drank plenty of water, knowing that I needed to take care of my body for the sake of our baby.
“We should get ready for the announcement,” Gavin said into my ear, making my cheeks heat.
I nodded as I peeked up at him.
“Okay,” I say.
He placed his hand on the small of my back and guided me out the back door. We were greeted by some others as we stepped onto the back patio. Gavin nodded at them but otherwise said nothing as we walked down the steps and towards the stage.
Some workers were still setting things up, but for the most part, there was enough space for everybody in the space, and I grew nervous knowing they were all going to be looking at me and Gavin
“Hey,” Gavin said, his hand coming up to cup my cheek. “Breathe. It’s going to be okay. What do you think is going to happen?”
“An uproar,” I told him, nibbling on my lower lip. “What if they aren’t happy with me being their future Luna?”
“Are you kidding me?” He asked. “They are going to be thrilled. They already know you’re a badass and you’re mine… that’s all that matters.” 
I felt myself relaxing, and I nodded slowly.
Not long before, the entire outside was filled with everybody. They were all eagerly waiting to get a glimpse of their new Alpha. Sampson stood on the stage with Lucy by his side; both looked like a dream couple, and I was envious of the connection that they shared. I wondered if Gavin and I would share the same connection, or if we already do.
“Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedules to celebrate with us today. My mate, Lucy, is very happy to be here despite the horrific circumstances that led us here. I speak for the remaining Redcliff pack when I say that adjustments are tough, and the loss we faced is something we wish on no one. I know with certainty that my mate is here with a heavy heart, but we are grateful for the chance to start fresh and put the past behind us. Until we arrived, we didn’t know what it was like to have a Lycan who was a constant source, and I must say, it’s nice to have that kind of assistance. This territory is lucky to have Alpha Landry as their Lycan, and I’m honored to be personally chosen by him to be the Alpha of the Redmoon pack. I’ve only been here for a couple of days, and the first day was spent in solitude, mourning the pack and the land we had lost. The second day, we spent settling in and exploring the land. Now, today, we introduce ourselves as your new Alpha and Luna. There are some changes that will take place starting today that I will go over with you, but let me introduce myself. I am Sampson Olivier, and this beautiful woman beside me is my mate, Lucy Oliver.”
There was an eruption of applause, making Lucy blush as she clung to Sampson’s side. I clapped as well, proud to see my friend the center of attention.
“Though this party is to welcome us as your Alpha and Luna, it’s also so the Redcliff pack can officially meet the Redmoon pack, and the true merger can begin,” Sampson continued. “It’s also to welcome home a beloved member of the Redmoon pack and a recent asset to the Redcliff pack, Judy Montague.”
1/3
Chapter 687
#25 BONUS
He paused when the applause erupted even louder, making me bl
“Before we get into anything else, Alplin Landry would like to say a few words,” Sampson announced, stepping aside and joining in on the clapping and cheers.
Lucy grinned at me and gave me a bright smile.
Gavin squeezed my and reassuringly and was about to step forward, towards the stage, but halted when the sounds of gunfire were heard in the distance. Everybody grew ghostly quiet, and my stomach turned when I heard screaming
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Take 693
“They took her to the hospital,” Irene informed me. “I wanted to go, but only a couple of us could, so Nan and Judy’s mom went with her.”
Without another word, I was already shifting into my wolf form, my clothes shredding on the spot as I sprinted out of the packhouse and down the road. I ran as fast as lightning; everything blurred around me, and I could barely see straight as the hospital came into view. I could also smell the sweet scent of Judy despite the fact that she was inside the hospital already.
When I got to the hospital door, I shifted back, not caring that I was completely naked. I ran into the hospital in my birthday suit and glared around at all the familiar faces. Some of whom were people who fought alongside me during the battle.
A nurse rushed over to me with a change of clothes; thankfully, I keep spare clothes all around the packs and in different buildings, including each hospital, so if I were to ever show up in wolf form and I didn’t have a chance of clothes, I could change into them easily.
“Where’s Judy Montague?” I demanded as I pulled on the shirt and pants, ignoring the stares of everyone else.
“Alpha Landry…” I heard Judy’s mother, Michelle, say from nearby. Her eyes were red and swollen from crying, and her face was pale. Nan was seated next to her in the waiting room, equally distraught. Both their bodies were trembling, and their lips were wobbling as they stared up at me.
My heart shattered when I saw them, and I rushed towards them.
“Where is she?” I demanded, my voice harsher than intended.
“She’s being treated as we speak,” Michelle told me. “They are doing what they can. They say the stress was too much for the baby, and they are trying to prevent a miscarriage from taking place.”
I needed to sit down because my legs no longer worked.
A miscarriage. 1
That was the word that I was dreading. The word that I feared with every fiber of my being. What if we lost this baby? What would happen? It was almost too much for me to handle at this time, and I needed to close my eyes and decompress.
Michele reached out and touched my hand gently.
“Judy is strong,” she murmured softly. “She’s going to pull through.”
I nodded, knowing she was right. But I couldn’t bear the thought of losing her or our pup. I knew losing this baby would kill Judy in more ways than I could count, and I wouldn’t want her to face that struggle.
“It was so scary,” Nan whispered. “She dropped to the floor and screamed in pain… At first, we thought maybe it was because you were hurt…” Her eyes scanned the mark on my neck. “Because you are now mated to her…”
and
There was no malice in her words, but I could tell she was questioning our motives. I instinctively reach touched the mark on my neck. The gunshot wound on my side was completely forgotten, the pain was long gone, and my mind was elsewhere.
“But then we saw the blood,” Nan continued. “There was so much of it, Alpha… Her last words before she blacked out were to protect her baby.”
“That was how we found out she was pregnant,” Michelle said, her eyes finding mine. “I shouldn’t have had to
find out like that…”
1/3
“We were going to tell everybody during the announcement.. before the attack,” I admitted. “I apologize for not telling you sooner.”
“If I had known sooner, I would have tried to protect her sooner. Maybe make sure she wasn’t as stressed and worried so something like this wouldn’t happen,” Michelle murmured, her eyes downcast..
“It has to be more than stress,” I said, shaking my head. “You say she was bleeding?”
“A lot of blood,” Nan said, closing her eyes as she remembered the events that took place. “I was saying the same thing… that it’s hard to believe that stress caused this. But they said something about it being stressful for her wolf
so that is an added bonus.”
1
###Take 694
Chapter 694 
Judy’s POV
I listened to the soft rhythm of the heart monitors as I lay in bed. My eyes were fixed on the ceiling. I could sense it the moment Gavin walked into the hospital, though the doctors wouldn’t let him see me just yet. I wanted to tell them to let him in, because I needed my mate more than anything right now. But the words wouldn’t leave my lips. I was too worried about the outcome of my baby.
They did numerous tests and pumped me with a ton of drugs until was practically loopy. They assured me that it was perfectly safe for the baby, so I didn’t worry too much about what they were pumping me with… then again, maybe I should have asked more questions.
Then they hooked me up to some machines and left me alone in the room for what felt like hours. Periodically, a nurse would come in and give me some water, saying that I can’t eat while they are doing the testing. I hated this… I hated not knowing what was happening. I hated not being able to see Gavin or my family. Iated not knowing if my baby was okay.
A tight knot formed in the pit of my stomach, and I felt sick.
I heard a commotion coming from outside the room door, and my heart rate monitor started to sound even faster as my heart picked up speed.
“I am her doctor!! I should have been alerted that something serious was happening!! I don’t care that I’m off duty!” I heard Elizabeth Pierce yelling. I could practically feel her anger rolling off her in waves.
“We got word of the attack in Redmoon, and we knew you were at that party with your mate. We assumed you’d be tied up,” one of the other doctors stated, clearly sounding a bit flustered.
“I would have still come here to tend to this particular patient,” Eliza growled. “Don’t make this mistake again, or I will see that your license is revoked.” 1
She was playing around, and I knew she had the power to do that. I felt relieved that Eliza was here; I didn’t trust the other doctors, and the drugs they pumped me with made it so I could barely function on my own. 1
The door to the room swung open, and Eliza strolled in, looking annoyed. When she saw me lying on the bed, her face fell completely, and I could see the remorse and worry in her gaze.
“What have they done to you?” She breathed, strolling over to me after she shut the door behind her.
I opened my mouth to speak, but suddenly I grew so tired that I couldn’t form any words. She seemed to have known that was going to happen because she didn’t look the least bit surprised.
She placed her hands on my head, feeling my temperature, and she let out a breath.
“You are warm,” she told me.
She then unhooked the IV and pushed the machine away from the bed. She removed the pillows that were keeping me upright and helped me lie flat on my back. My belly, though my body itself was rounding, was still fairly flat. She placed her hands on my stomach and started to feel around. I felt some pressure and minor discomfort in some areas she pressed.
I winced, and she gave me an apologetic smile.
Once she was done, she grabbed my chart off the side of the bed and jotted down some notes. She then studied the heart monitors for a moment before turning to look at me.
“Your baby’s heart is strong,” she assured me. “I’m going to do an ultrasound, and then I’m going to get you a new IV. In the future, don’t allow any other doctor other than me to tend to you. Understood? I’m not sure what they gave you, but I’m going clear out your system.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat and attempted to nod, but my body wouldn’t cooperate. I was worried… why was my body reacting this way, and why was Eliza taking all these extra precautions?
1/3
Chapter 694 
+25 BONUS 
I was so lost in thought, I barely realized she was setting up the ultrasound machine until I felt the cold jelly on my stomach. I looked at the screen in time for the light to come on, and the inside of my stomach was shown.
She moved the wand around for a moment until she landed on something. A smile tugged at her lips.
“And there’s the little bean,” she breathed. “Next month we will be able to see the gender for sure, but it’s a little swimmer and it’s going strong.”
I wanted to ask them why I was bleeding, but once again, my mouth wouldn’t work.
“I’m just going to take some blood and bring it to the lab for some testing,” she told me as she drew blood from my wrist. “As far as I’m concerned, the baby is alive and doing well. You and your wolf were under a lot of stress, and I believe that’s the reason you were showing signs of a miscarriage. This stage of your pregnancy is crucial; any ounce of stress your wolf is under could cause a miscarriage, and that was your body’s warning. Some women will use drugs to sedate their wolves for the next couple of months to keep them from feeling too much stress and protect the pup. Though I don’t recommend it myself because I don’t fully know if they are entirely safe for the baby. I haven’t done enough research on those drugs to know for certain. But I can look into something that might help. In the meantime, I’m going to get you set up with another IV and do some testing of my own. I’m locking the door to this room so no other doctor can get in. If they can get in, it means I’ve sent them here and you can trust them.” 1
###Take 695
I looked at her, a confused look in my eyes, and I knew she could see it. It made her sigh and lower her gaze.
“There are spies everywhere,” she explained. “My mate uncovered a lot of secrets these last few days, and unfortunately, this hospital isn’t safe. Alpha Levi has planted a lot of spies around the Silver Crescent pack, most of whom are in this hospital.”
My heart stopped. I already knew Levi planted spies, but does she think these spies somehow got to me?
She paused for a moment, like she was trying to figure out if she should tell me a secret or not.
She eventually sighed, relenting to her own thoughts.
“You should know… we suspect foul play…” she told me gently.
I wanted to ask her, “Foul play?” But I couldn’t speak. I just stared at her, dumbfounded. The question must have been on my lips and in my eyes, because she answered it.
“I have reason to believe that those who aided you when you first got here weren’t looking out for your well–being. They should never have given you medication like this, knowing that you are pregnant. No safe meds would sedate you in such a way. Though I know you are conscious, you are in fact sedated, I’m hoping the drip that I give you next will clear up your system and make it so you can at least speak again. Some further testing will determine for sure what you were given.”
My eyes were wide… or at least I think they were. I couldn’t actually feel them to know for sure. But I was in a state of shock, and Iwasn’t sure I’d be able to talk even if I wanted to. So, that’s the reason my entire body had locked down and wouldn’t do as I was saying… it was because the doctors had sedated me…
“It’ll be okay, though,” Eliza assured me. “I’m here now, and I’ll do everything in my power to keep you and the baby safe.”
Without another word, she left the room.
I’m not sure how long she was gone for. I found myself relaxing, pleased that Eliza was there to care for me now. I trusted her more than anyone else in this hospital, and if there was someone who could help me… it was her.
I found myself drifting off with the thoughts of Gavin in my head; hope she would tell Gavin that I was doing okay and not to worry too much, because I knew he was worried. I could feel it through our mate bond.
I was woken by the sound of the door opening and shutting gently. My groggy eyes adjusted to the lighting, and I was relieved to see that Eliza had returned. I’m not sure how long I had been asleep for, but I was grateful that it was her and nobody else… though I did wish to see Gavin.
“I’m glad you were able to get some sleep. How are you feeling?” she asked as she walked to my bedside.
“Like I’ve been run over by a truck,” I murmured, realizing that I was feeling slightly hungover. I was shocked that I was able to speak, though, despite the fact that my voice sounded unfamiliar and raspy.
She handed me a water bottle that I hadn’t noticed she was holding. Thankfully, it was sealed, so I knew for a fact that it was safe. I chugged half the bottle without a second thought.
“Yeah, the drugs will do that to you,” she said, shaking her head. “They gave you Moonshade. I did some testing, and it’s all over your blood work. It’s a miracle your baby survived it. It must be the Lycan blood.”
My heart dropped into my stomach.
“Moonshade?” I asked. “What is that?”
“A powerful drug used for sedation… and compliance. It’ll make you compliant with just about anything. It’s often paired with an aphrodisiac. A large amount of that drug could be used for abortions…and they gave you a very large amount. You are lucky that you both survived. Someone is certainly looking out for you.”
2 
It felt like the air had been forced out of my lungs as I struggled to take in my next breath.
1/3
Chapter 695
Someone tried to kill my baby?!
###Take 696
Chapter 696 
Judy’s POV
“Breathe, Judy,” Eliza said, putting her hands on my chest. “Take deep breath with me.” She made a show of breathing in, and I tried to mimic her movements, but the air wouldn’t come into my lungs.
I struggled for breath, my heart racing as my stomach ached. I felt my wolf stirring as panic struck her as well. Both heart monitors were going crazy; hearing my baby’s heart monitor beeping as well brought me back to the present moment, and I knew I needed to get things under control.
“Deep breath,” she said again, calmly this time.
I took a deep and slow breath, breathing out shakily.
“Good,” she said softly. “Again.” She made another show of breathing in and out, and I did the same thing, less shaky this time. The monitors slowed down, and I felt my body relaxing.
“Somebody tried to kill my baby…” I whispered, my eyes glistening with tears.
She had a concerned look on her face as she sat in the chair by my bedside.
“Taylor is going to do everything he can to make sure whoever was the mastermind of this pays,” she assured me. “The doctors who assisted you earlier are being rounded up. This hospital is pretty much on lockdown along with all surrounding packs, so nobody is leaving or entering without Gavin and Taylor knowing about it. You have nothing to worry about. I arrived just in time … the second I got word that you were brought here, I rushed over. I’m not going to let anyone hurt you or your baby. You have my word, Luna.”
I stared at her, feeling relieved that she was there with me and a little flustered that she titled me a Luna before it was made official. Seeing the look on my face, she smirked.
“I see your mark,” she told me, her eyes shifting to my neck. I reached up and touched the mark that Gavin made on my neck, and my cheeks flushed. I almost forgot about it until she mentioned it. Regardless of whether you had the ceremony or not… You are my Luna, and I’m proud to serve you as your female Beta and your doctor. So, let me take care of you.” (3 
I nodded without hesitation.
“Thank you,” I whispered, my voice coming out hoarse.
“No need to thank me,” she assured me. “I had one of my trusted subordinates speak with Gavin and your family to let them know that you and the baby are okay. I told him to tell them that it’s not the best time for a visit just yet, though, because I wanted you and your wolf to rest a bit longer. I wanted to make sure that you were in the clear of the danger zone before any disruptions.”
“I want to see my mate,” I told her. “I miss him and I need to make sure he’s okay.”
She nodded.
“He’s investigating the staff in the hospital. Taylor already told him about the details of what had happened, and he’s furious. I’m sure he’s most likely blocking you from feeling what he’s feeling right now.”
Now that she mentioned it, I wasn’t able to feel his emotions before. It started after I woke up from my nap a few minutes ago. When I fell asleep, I felt his worry for me. But now I felt nothing. My stomach twisted as I looked up at her.
“Is he okay?” I asked.
She nodded.
“He’s furious,” she told me. “He’s looking into this now. He knows that Alpha Levi has to do with this. Taylor is in the process of gathering evidence; there was so much damage done to the pack that Gavin had no idea about, and it was all because of Alpha Levi. He hacked into the system and leaked important information that could destroy Gavin’s company. Most everything else was just a distraction, and it seemed to have worked for a little while, but my mate is smart and caught on. Levi wants his pack to
1/3
Chapter 898
+25 BONUS
be the best, so he’s trying to build an empire as strong as Gavin’s So, he stole all the information that he could to make that happen, and now he’s busy trying to destroy Gavin’s territory from the inside. Everything that happened at the Redcliff pack was just a distraction.”
I was being used this entire time?
Levi never wanted me in his territory?
He never thought I’d be a good gamma warrior?
I was nothing more than a distraction that Levi exploited.
“I’m sorry, I probably shouldn’t have told you that right now,” she said, sighing “I’m still trying to wrap my head around it myself. Taylor had caught onto it while Gavin was distracted with you, and they are in the process of putting a stop to it. We have hackers on the inside who put a block on the security and the important data that has been leaked. It was traced back to Levi’s computer system. The data is being exported, and it’s being used as proof of deception. Gavin is trying to get him removed as chairman.”
###Take 697
“That’s a lot,” I told her.
She nodded.
“A lot has happened in the 12 hours you’ve been here.”
“13 hours?!” I gasped. “I’ve been here for that long What about the battle that took place in the Redmoon pack? What about my father? My mother? Is everyone okay How had I not known its been that long?!”
“Yes, you fell asleep, and I didn’t want to wake you. The Moonshade took a lot out of you. I did a ton more testing and cleared up your system. I kept monitoring you and your baby for the last several hours. Gavin insisted on seeing you earlier, so I allowed him entry… not that I could stop him. He spent a bit of time with you while you slept, and he was here when all your results came back. That’s when he rounded up the hospital staff and sent them way to be questioned. Now he’s dealing with the Levi thing with Taylor and will be back later. I told him that you’d need time to rest and recover before you have visitors. As for your mother … she’s fine. She’s with your father, and he’s doing much better. He had to have surgery to remove a hidden bullet, but he survived and now he’s recovering quickly. The battle had been won.. most rogues died, some fled. The remaining rogues have been rounded up for questioning.” 3
This was so much information that my head was rattling. I had missed so much; I couldn’t believe that Gavin was in this room, and I was asleep the entire time. Tears filled my eyes; I missed him so much. Knowing that it’s been over 12 hours since I last saw him… my heart ached, and my wolf whimpered.
Seeing the sad look on my face, Eliza put a hand on my shoulder and gave me a gentle squeeze.
“He’ll be back soon, and once he returns, he’s not going to let you out of his sight again,” she assured me. “You have nothing to worry about. Just get some more rest for both you and your baby.”
I nodded, trying to relax, but my mind was whirling.
“Eliza…” I said before she could leave. She paused and turned to look at me. “Thank you.”
Third Person POV
Alpha Levi paced back and forth in his office, fury rolling off him in waves. Beta Ron stepped into his office, his face drained of color.
“How are they all not dead yet” Levi growled. “Did someone tip them off that the rogues were coming with weapons”
He was confused because he had spent so long hacking into their system and shutting down their security. He knew that they had all gathered in the Redmoon pack for some party, and that was the perfect opportunity to eliminate two packs at once.
“No, but we seemed to have underestimated Gavin’s strength… even without the Moon Gem,” Ron said, shaking his head. “He doesn’t even have his full strength, and yet he still managed to bear the rogues… weapons and all. This wasn’t enough to eliminate him or his packmates.”
Levi growled furiously. His plans were starting to crumble around him. At least a part of his plans were. The rest were still unfolding, and the thought sent a thrill through Levi’s body. He needed to brush off the fact that some of his plans had failed and focus on his future plans. 2
He now had the information he needed to grow his own empire. The data had been transferred. Soon, he would be able to transfer all of Gavin’s funding into his own account and have the money to expand his empire as well. The only thing left was the Moon Gem. He convinced Daisy Baldwin to steal the Moon Gem from Donna Landry and auction it off.
Of course, it cost him a pretty penny along with a favor that Levi was glad to oblige.
He was going to use Gavin’s funding, the one that he stole, to purchase the gem. He knew that Gavin would get word that the gem was being auctioned and that he’d try to get it back. Levi was looking forward to humiliating Gavin… he was planning on draining, Gavin’s accounts entirely so he wouldn’t be able to afford the gem. Once Levi got the gem and embarrassed Gavin in
1/3
the process, he would have all the power
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Take 698
Chapter 698
Chapter 698
Gavin’s POV
+25 BONUS 
“We have a meeting with the chairman scheduled for next week,” Taylor said as he entered my office. “Now that we have evidence of the deceit on Levi’s end, we can finally put an end to lim. He’s also hacked your banking accounts, and we found a transfer in progress. It’s pending, but it’s open, so money will flow into his account straight from your accounts. We caught it in time and have gotten our system back up and running, so we can stop it before the transfer completes.”
“I figured that was going to happen; thankfully, I have backup funds,” I said, leaning back in my seat, a smirk on my face. Once I found out he hacked the system, I had a feeling he’d find a way into my personal banking accounts as well.
I wasn’t stupid; I was always prepared. 1
I put a percentage of my pay in a separate, locked–down account only I can access. Passive income flowed into it regularly and had been for years.
It has more money in it than my other accounts. It’s also connected to my black Amex card that has no limit. The card is currently locked, and I’d have to go to the Silver Crescent Grand bank to unlock it using my secret code in a vaulted room that only I can access.
Not even the bankers can get into the vault or into this account.
1
“Let me guess, he’s planning on using my own funds to purchase the Moon Gem?” I asked, a dark chuckle leaving my lips. “Was this auction just to let me see that he has the upper hand?”
“It seems that way,” he said, leaning back in his seat. “Now that we’ve got our system under cont we can put a stop to the transfer while it’s happening. But your account is open as we speak, so the transfer is currently pending.”
I nodded.
“Do we think someone in the bank is helping him get access to my account?
“It’s always a possibility,” Taylor said. “But with the system hack there were several hours where everything was shut down. He could have started the transfer process during those hours. It’s hard to tell. The tech is still looking into it. They are putting a stop to the transfer as we speak.”
“Don’t,” I said sharply. “He thinks he has me beat, but he has no idea the amount of money I have outside of those accounts. I’ll head to the bank and open my secret account. It’s untouchable by anyone other than me.”
“And you’re going to let him take the rest of your money?” Taylor asked. “You don’t want us to stop the transfer from taking place?”
I shook my head.
“I need the evidence that he hacked my account and transferred all my funds to his account. I won’t have the evidence if you stop it from happening. I’ll get the money back, but I need it to be processed first.” I told him. “Also, see if you can get a hold of the other chairmen. I want to meet with them sooner. We can get them a flight to my territory if they are willing to travel here.”
Taylor grinned.
“I like how you think,” he said. “Oh, by the way, there was also a large fund transfer to Daisy Baldwin… so it was clear he paid Daisy to steal the Moon Gem. It would make sense that auctioning it was just a show for your benefit and humiliation, or else he’d just take the gem from Daisy herself.”
Taylor was right; it was for my humiliation. The auction was being televised around the nation, and he wanted the world to see me crumble. He wanted them to think I was weak and broke.
“Daisy did this for money?” I asked, focusing my attention on that one factor. “The Baldwins are already rich, and she’s a trust fund baby. There’s no way she blew through her entire trust already.” Then again, Daisy did love to spend money, so it shouldn’t really surprise me.
###Take 699
Chapter 699
Taylor shook his head.
“I don’t think that’s the only thing Daisy wanted,” he said, his eyes shifting to the ground for a moment.
“What did you find out?” I asked, leaning forward in my seat, giving Taylor my full attention. It was clear that he knew something that he wasn’t saying.
“There was a larger dose of Moonshade in her system than we thought. Someone was deliberately trying to get rid of the baby…”
My wolf growled, breaking through my otherwise calm composure Taylor stepped back, not sure what I was about to do. My eyes blazing with fury, Moonshade was a powerful sedation drug that could cause harm to the baby if a certain amount was given to her. It was also a drug that could make Judy compliant against her will and in a state of sedation so that whatever happened to her would be without a fight. 1
Thank God Taylor sent for Elizabeth when he did.
After I asked Dr. Johnathan to get Elizabeth Pierce to the hospital, he claimed that he did, but I had a bad feeling about it because I didn’t actually see him make the call. So, I called Taylor.
It turns out that the doctor did, in fact, lie and never called her; my suspicions were correct.
That’s how I knew for certain something fucked was happening at the hospital. Taylor sent for Elizabeth himself, and she was there within half an hour.
The second Elizabeth saw her state of mind, she knew something was wrong and kicked a
octors working on her out.
“We need to find out who the fuck gave her the Moonshade in the first place,” I hissed. My voice was more animalistic than intended. I was there when Elizabeth got the test results back from Judy’s blood work, and she found traces of Moonshade in her system. After that, the hospital was on lockdown, and most of the doctors and nurses were rounded up for questioning. Now that I know it wasn’t just used for sedation, and it was intended to harm my pup and mate… I was fucking livid.
“We are figuring that out now. Derek and some of the other gammas are questioning them as we speak. I’ll let you know once we have answers,” he told me. “But for now, try to calm down. Your mate is fine… she’s recovering well.”
“I need to see her,” I said, shaking my head. “It’s been too long, and I need to see her for myself.” My wolf wasn’t going to be okay until he knew for certain that she was okay.
“What about Daisy? We can’t let her just go free. She clearly wanted the baby and Judy gone, and she used Levi to make that happen,” Taylor reminded me, halting me before I reached the door.
A low growl escaped my throat.
He was right. How could I have forgotten? I couldn’t let that go unpunished.
“We hold a trial for her,” I said without turning back to Taylor. “I want her to admit to everything she had done wrong before banishing her. The only reason why I am allowing her to keep her life is because she was Melissa’s sister… otherwise, I’d order her death. I want her to see Judy thriving as a Luna while she suffers with nothing. I want to strip her of her heiress title and make sure she leaves this pack with nothing. With Levi losing his ranking and his territory, she’ll have nowhere to go. The other Lycans won’t take in a rogue like her.”
For someone like Daisy, that was worse than death.
“I’ll get a trial set up,” Taylor said, typing away on his phone.
I left without another word.
Judy had been in the hospital for a little over 12 hours, and it was driving both me and my wolf crazy. At least I knew that she was okay, and as was the baby… they were both in good hands now that Elizabeth was there.
###Take 700
When I got to the hospital, Elizabeth was already waiting for me in the waiting room.
Taylor must have told her that I was on my way. My wolf growled slightly upon seeing her, anticipating an argument.
“Don’t try and stop me,” I said through my teeth. “I need to see her.” 
“I wasn’t going to stop you, Alpha,” she told me, surprising me. “But I do need to speak to you about something before you go in there.”
I paused and looked at her. I could see the seriousness and concern in her eyes, and it made my entire body freeze.
“What is it?” I asked. “What happened?”
“Did Judy eat or drink anything at the party?” She asked.
I thought back to the party, a frown marring my lips. There was a ton of food being catered before everyone gathered for the Alpha’s speech. Judy was offered wine, but she declined. Then she was offered some juice, which she accepted. She also ate a little off a platter that was being served as well, but it wasn’t a lot.
“Yes,” I remarked. “She was offered Juice and some food off a platter. I had some of the food as well.”
“Was the juice sealed?” She asked suddenly.
“It was in a glass,” I answered. “The staff initially tried to give her wine, but she declined i evening. So, they got her juice instead.”
Eliza hummed as she nodded.
“What is it?” I urged, my patience running thin.
“She didn’t just have Moonshade in her system. There were traces of Wolfbane as well…”
My heart stopped.
“What” I asked.
ng she wasn’t drinking this
“I wanted to test for it just in case because of the blood… I didn’t think that just stress caused it. The results took longer to come back, but they did come back, and there was Wolfbane in her system,” she told me. “I think that’s what caused the almost, miscarriage. When she got here, they sedated her and left her… I think they were waiting for the Wolfbane to finish its job. The IV they had given to her had traces of it as well, but thankfully, I got here in time and removed it before it did any real damage. Her wolf had faced some serious complications from it, though, and is a lot weaker than it was before all of this happened. Her wolf is unable to protect the baby right now… at least not until she gets stronger. It’s better if she rests and doesn’t have too much stress. I didn’t tell her about the wolfbane because I worried it would upset her more than she already is… but I did tell her about everything else before I knew about the Wolfbane and the fact that her wolf is weak. I wish I hadn’t said anything… but she can’t handle anything more right now.”
I nodded, my fists clenching and unclenching.
Anger was fueling me, and I knew I needed to calm down before I actually saw her. I needed to blow off some steam. She was right; Judy couldn’t handle more stress right now, especially if her wolf is unable to protect the baby in her current state.
I turned away without another word and quickly rushed out of the hospital. I shifted into my wolf form, shredding my clothes in the process. The second I was in wolf form and running towards the open forest, I sent a mindlink to Taylor.
“Find out who worked at the Redmoon Pack during the party. Someone there drugged my mate, and I want him dead.”
###Take 701
Chapter 701
Judy’s POV
+25 BONUS 
“You got a lot of your color back,” Eliza said as she entered the hospital room. It’s been a few hours since I woke up the first time. I’ve been in this hospital for about 15 or so hours now, and I was ready to see my mate. My wolf was restless, and yet I could still feel that she was weaker than usual. I didn’t like the feeling of my wolf being weak, and it made me feel vulnerable.
“Have you heard from Gavin?” I asked.
She nodded, looking a bit uncertain for a moment.
“He had some natters to take care of. But he’ll be here soon,” she assured me.
“What kind of matters?” I asked.
“It’s nothing for you to be concerned about…” she told me, patting my hand gently. “You just need to focus on recovering you, your wolf, and the protection of your unborn pup.”
I nodded, though I wanted to argue some more about it with her. My phone buzzed on the bedside table; I hadn’t even noticed it was there. Eliza had it on the charger, which made a small smile tug at my lips. I reached over and grabbed it while Eliza changed out my IV bag.
I saw that I had a few missed texts from both Nan and my mother. They didn’t bother calling me, knowing that I was in the hospital, but they sent me words of love and encouragement so I wouldn’t forget that they were thinking of me. They’d be here with me if Eliza would allow visitors, but she was being cautious, which I couldn’t blame her for. I came close to losing my baby, and if it weren’t for her… I probably would have.
The newest message was from Nan; she sent a photo along with a caption that read: Um… what the fuck happened? (1)
The photo was of Gavin… he was covered in blood.
My entire heart fell into my stomach, and it felt like the wind had been knocked out of me.
I typed a message back.
Me: When was that photo taken?
It only took a second for Irene to message back.
Irene: Woah, wasn’t expecting a reply right now? How are you feeling? Still in the hospital? Can I come visit? We’ve all been so
worried.
I rolled my eyes at the fact that she ignored my question, but I knew she and everyone else were worried, so I couldn’t blame her for firing off all these questions.
Me: I haven’t been cleared for visitors yet. I’m feeling okay, though. I found out a lot of stuff I’ll have to catch you up on later. But was that picture you took recent?
Irene: I just took it now. He just got home. He’s in the shower. He was muttering something about some asshole as he stomped up the stairs.
My heart weighed heavily in my chest.
Why was Gavin covered in blood?
“What’s wrong?” Eliza asked once she was done changing the IV.
I showed her the picture of Gavin, and her face went pale.
“Do you know why he’s covered in blood?” I asked, my brows furrowed as I looked up at her.
She bit her lip and looked away. I knew at that moment that she did, in fact, know why he was covered in blood.
1/3
Chapter 701
+25 BONUS
“What do you know?” I asked. “Why am I being kept in the dark about what’s happening outside of this hospital?”
“Because I don’t want to stress you out… You can’t handle the stress right now,” she told me, trying to keep her tone calm.
“Not knowing is stressing me out even more,” I told her firmly. “Please, tell me the truth, Eliza. He’s my mate… why is he covered in blood?”
She sighed and sat at my bedside.
“Okay, look… I’m telling you this because you deserve to know what actually happened to you,” she told me, making my heart stutter. What did she mean by that? What actually happened to me I waited silently for her to continue. “You were drugged…”
I frowned.
“I already knew that,” I told her. “By the doctors… they gave me Moonshade.”
She shook her head.
“Not just that… you were drugged at the party last night. Someone dosed your juice with Wolf’s bane…”
My entire body froze, and my eyes grew wide.
“Wait… what?” I gasped.
She nodded, meeting my eyes; I could see the seriousness in her gaze.
“Yeah… you were drugged at the party, and the distress of it weakened your wolf and almost made you miscarry your baby,” she explained. My lips wobbled as I suppressed the tears. “Gavin found the waiter who drugged the drink, and well…” She motioned for the picture. “Something tells me the waiter didn’t make it.”
2/3
###Take 702
1 fell sick to my stomach to the point where I thought I was going throw up.
“Why would someone want to drug me?” My voice was coming ou hoarse and unfamiliar.
“Taylor told me that they think it was because of Daisy Baldwin… she explained, folding her arms across her chest.
“What does Daisy have to do with any of this?” 
“She was the one who stole the Moon Gem and sent it to the auction. She got paid by Alpha Levi, but they think they bribed her in other ways as well…”
I put my hand on my belly.
“It was a condition…” I whispered. It wasn’t a question because I already knew what I was saying was factual. “She wanted both me and the baby gone… that was her condition for Levi. That’s why I’m here… It’s all their fault.”
“I’m so sorry,” Eliza said softly, lowering her gaze. “If I hadn’t come when I did…” Her voice trailed off, unable to finish that
sentence.
“You sayed me and my baby,” I said, looking up at her, tears glistening in my eyes. “Thank you…”
She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly.
“Nobody is going to hurt you again. Levi was sloppy, and so were the rogues he used… he’s not going to hurt you again. He’s running out of options at this point…”
I nodded, hating that tears were burning in my eyes. I suddenly felt so tired and I lay back on the bed, exhausted from all the information I had received.
She gave me a soft smile and adjusted my pillows and blanket.
“Get some more rest,” she told me. “You’re still working all the drugs out of your system, so I know you are tired. When you wake, you’ll feel stronger, and your mate will be by your side.”
“Okay…” I told her softly.
Soon, she was leaving the room.
I hated that I couldn’t feel Gavin’s emotions through our bond; he was still blocking them from me, probably because he knew I was recovering, but I wondered if he could feel my emotions. I wanted to reach out to him and tell him that I loved him. I wanted
him to hold me and tell me that everything was going to be okay.
I needed to be near my mate. But sleep overcame me, and I suddenly couldn’t keep my eyes open any longer.
When I slept, it was dreamless, though thoughts of Gavin covered in blood remained in my mind.
I wasn’t sure how long I had been sleeping for. I barely registered the sound of the door opening and shutting; the soft click jolting me slightly, but not enough to wake me entirely. I thought for a moment that it was Eliza. She mentioned locking the door earlier and that she only had access to open it unless she gave it to someone she trusted. But I don’t remember her locking
the door when she left the last time.
My wolf stirred uncomfortably, which made me uncomfortable as well. A pit of anxiety formed in my chest as I opened my eyes slightly to see who my visitor was.
My heart stopped in my chest when I saw the person standing over me. I had to be seeing things; there was no way he was here… he was supposed to be banished and gone for good. But instead, he was standing over my hospital bed, with a darkened look in his eyes and a crazed expression marring his features.
“Ethan?” I asked, my voice coming out barely above a whisper. “W… What are you doing here?” There was a slight tremble in my words as I stared up at my ex–mate.
1/3
Chopter 702
+25 BONUS
“I came back for you…” He said, his tone dripping with malice. “I came back for what is mine, and I’m not leaving unless you are with me.” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked him, shaking my head. “I‘ not yours anymore.”
He grinned, but it didn’t meet his eyes.
“That’s where you are wrong, Judy. You will always be mine, and n about to show you just how much I own you. But first…” he reached into his back pocket and took out a knife, a long silver blade that sparkled under the lighting and made my body shudder. “I’m going to correct a wrong… that baby shouldn’t have ever existed… it should be mine. Don’t worry, I’ll get you pregnant as soon as this one is gone.”
With that, he lunged at me, the blade aimed directly for my stomach.
###Take 703
Chapter 703
Chapter 703
Gavin’s POV
+25 BONUS
I was almost at the hospital when I felt her fear level increase. Though I had blocked her from my feelings, I still felt hers. My wolt nearly burst out of me the second he sensed that our mate wasn’t okay. Thankfully, I was able to hold him back. I ran through the hospital doors, and that was when I smelled her blood. A sense of dread washed over and things around me began to grow hazy as I rushed through the hospital and towards her room t
I heard banging and slamming when I reached her door, and I nearly ripped the door right off its hinges as I burst through. My eyes scanned the room, and I knew my wolf was at the surface; a sparl left my lips when I saw Ethan.
imed at her
Judy was on the other side of the room, blood dripping down her an from what looked like the IV. She must have ripped it out of her arm when she got out of bed. Ethan didn’t notice me at first he lunged at her, holding a knife, and it w belly. Judy ducked out of the way, kicking Ethan, before she punched him in the face. She grabbed his arm and . w him to the ground. I knew she could handle herself, especially when it came to Ethan Cash. But something inside of me snapped at the sight of the potential danger.
A roar left my lips, and that was when Ethan finally noticed me. Once he got his footing, he spun around to look at me. His eyes widened. I didn’t even give him a chance to say a single word to me. I lunged towards him, punching him in the face so hard that his nose practically shattered. The knife clattered to the floor, along with his body, as he screamed out in pain.
I didn’t stop there, though. I continued to punch him, my knuckles growing red with each force, painting my skin crimson from his blood. I punched him until he became unrecognizable, until it was clear that Ethan was no more. 3
Judy stood on the other side of the room, covering her face as she cried. Her body was turned away like she was protecting our
unborn pup from the sight.
.
I didn’t notice Taylor had entered the room until I felt his hand on my back. He was calm and didn’t intervene while I got all my anger out, but I knew it was time that I stopped.
“He’s gone,” Taylor told me, keeping his tone low.
My breathing was heavy as I stared down at Ethan’s body. Nobody would be able to tell that it was him, not even his family.
‘Get cleaned up; I’ll take care of the body,” he told me.
I stood up, my eyes darting over to Judy. Her eyes found mine, and could see them filling with moisture. Her lip was trembling as she stared at me. I was so wrapped up in my anger and settling my wolf that I couldn’t figure out her emotions. I couldn’t tell if she was afraid of me or not, and the thought killed me.
She had seen a side of me that I tried desperately to hide from her. didn’t want her to see the murderous man in front of her; and yet I couldn’t keep that side of me at bay when it came to Ethan, threatening her and our unborn pup with a goddamn knife.
I didn’t say anything to her when I turned and went into the bathroom. When I looked into the mirror, I cringed.
I was covered in Ethan’s blood.
I wasn’t recognizable to myself. My clothes were completely ruined as well; it was no wonder Judy stared at me like I was some kind of monster. She was never going to look at me the same again I hated that I had to show her this side of me; I hated that it was her ex that brought it out of me.
Then I remembered that Ethan was once her fated mate…. Did it hurt her to see him die?
I stripped off my clothes and stepped into the shower. I closed my eyes and allowed the water to rinse me of the blood that stained my flesh. The water around my feet started as dark red but then started to grow lighter and lighter until it was completely cleared. I used the generic shampoo and conditioner to wash my hair and the body wash that the hospital supplies. I realized my hands were shaking with suppressed rage and fear that Judy would never look at me the same again. My wolf was practically whimpering at the thought.
I heard the bathroom door opening; I already knew it was Taylor before he said anything.
1/3
Chapter 703
“I brought you a change of clothes,” he said, his voice low as he placed the clothes on the countertop.
“How is she?” I asked, my voice coming out rougher than intended
+25 BONUS
“Eliza is doing a quick ultrasound now to make sure the baby is okay; she’s a little distraught, but overall, she’s fine.”
I closed my eyes again, letting his words wash over me. She was fine… that was all that mattered. He didn’t succeed in hurting her or the baby.
But I wanted to know how she was emotional. I realized now that she’s blocking me from feeling anything, and I hated that she had to resort to that. Then again, I’m blocking her as well. But it’s only because I didn’t want her to worry about me while she was recovering. I wanted to save her from the unnecessary stress and protect the baby from further harm.
2/3
###Take 704
Chapter 704
Taylor lett a moment later, not lingering in the bathroom, which I was grateful for.
Once I finished in the shower, I stepped out and wrapped a towel around my waist. The clothes Taylor grabbed for me weren’t anything special, but they didn’t need to be. 1
I brushed out my hair using the brush that was on the counter and took another look at myself in the mirror. Though the blood was gone, I still looked unrecognizable. I had dark circles under my eyes as if I hadn’t slept in a long time.
I guess I didn’t.
With everything that happened since the party yesterday, I hadn’t had a moment to myself to just rest. I was on the go since yesterday, and I hadn’t stopped moving. I was fucking exhausted.
I quickly got dressed after the rest of my body dried. The bloodied clothes were gone, so I knew Taylor had taken them. When I stepped out of the bathroom, the scent of Ethan only slightly lingered.
His body was gone, and the blood that stained the ground was no more. I was relieved to see that.
My eyes shifted to Judy, who was lying in the hospital bed, a bandage covering her wrist and an IV drip in her other wrist.
Elizabeth was giving her an ultrasound and saying something that wasn’t registering in my head because all I could think about was how beautiful my mate was. Judy’s eyes were on me as I approached her.
Elizabeth finally noticed me.
“The baby is okay,” she assured me. “A strong heartbeat. There’s nothing to worry about.”
I nodded, relieved to hear that. My eyes never left Judy’s. Elizabeth cleared her throat as she turned off the machine.
“I’ll let you two rest,” she told me as she stood. “I’ll come to check on her later.”
Without another word, Elizabeth left.
“Hey…” I said, slowly approaching the bed like I would a wild animal.
“Hey,” Judy replied, her voice coming out barely above a whisper. You look exhausted. Have you slept at all?”
I shook my head, beads of water from my shoulder dripping onto my forehead. I wiped it away and gave her a small shrug. 3 
“I don’t need the sleep,” I told her.
“Everyone needs sleep,” she retorted. “Even someone as powerful as you.”
I reached my hand out to touch her, but hesitated; did she want me to touch her? Would she recoil away from me after what I had done in front of her? I don’t think I could handle it if she flinched away from my touch.
She stared at my hesitant, outstretched hand, and tears filled her eyes.
It broke my heart into a million pieces.
“Why are you blocking me?” She whispered.
I furrowed my brows.
“What?”
“I can’t feel you,”
“she said, wiping away her tears that spilled onto her cheeks. “I hadn’t been able to feel you since I woke up this morning, and I hate it…” Her heart broke at that last part.
“Oh, baby girl, I didn’t want to stress you and the baby out… if you only knew the kind of things I was feeling today…” I told her.
“It stressed me out not being able to feel my mate…” she whispered.
1/3
Chapter 704
+25 BONUS
“You’re blocking me too…” I told her, not that I was justified or anything. She had every right to block me from the fear she was feeling towards me.
“I didn’t want to distract you…” she said, her eyes shifting to her lap.
“Unblock me, Judy,” I said before I could stop myself. I stepped closer to her, cupping her face in my hands and making her look at me. I ran my thumbs across her cheeks as I looked into her eyes I want to feel everything.”
Suddenly, the shield lifted, and I could feel all her emotions again. They poured into me as if they were my own. I realized at that moment that I was wrong; she was not afraid of me. Out of all the notions she was feeling at that moment, fear of me was not one of them.
She felt safe and protected in my presence; she felt a sense of comfort and love…she felt passion and worry… but mostly, she was feeling hurt that I was blocking her.
I unblocked her as well so she could feel how much I truly love her, and I would do anything to keep her and our pup safe. She sucked in a sharp breath as my emotions poured into her.
Her eyes filled with even more touch, and she closed her eyes, soaking in everything I was giving her.
“Kiss me…” she whispered. (1)
She didn’t have to tell me twice. Without another word spoken between us, I closed the gap and kissed my mate as if my entire life depended on it… because it did. Judy Montague was my life, and I’ll never let her forget that.
8 
###Take 705
Chapter 705
Judy’s POV
Gavin stayed with me for the rest of the night, and by the time it was morning, I was cleared to leave.
“Gavin, I can walk,” I chuckled as he carried me from the hospital and towards the waiting car. Erik was the driver, and he sat in the driver’s seat patiently.
“You shouldn’t have to walk,” he told me, kissing my cheek lovingly. “Now that I’m here… you never have to walk again.”
I laughed again and swatted at his chest.
“You’re being dramatic,” I told him, but I didn’t argue because, truth be told, I loved being held by him. My wolf was purring and jumping around happily as our mate cradled us in his arms. I felt an electric current washing over me from his touch, and I could just get lost in him.
Even when we were seated in the car, he kept his arms around the entire drive back to the villa.
I wasn’t going to complain about that either.
“Are you still up to going to the auction tomorrow night?” Gavin asked me.
“Yes, of course,” I told him. “I’m assuming your mom wasn’t able to get the
gem back?”
“No, because she doesn’t have proof of ownership. It doesn’t exist anymore,” he explained. “The only way to get it back is to bid for it and hope to win.”
“Are you worried?”
He shook his head.
“I’m the only one who can afford it,” he told me. “I’m not worried at all.”
As we reached the Villa, we were immediately greeted by Irene and Matt. I smiled as I stepped out of the car; just as Matt rushed over to hug me, Gavin stopped him, making me frown.
“Careful,” he told him. “She just got back from the hospital.”
I pushed him aside, rolling my eyes.
“I’m not too fragile for a hug,” I told him, as I pulled Matt into my arms and hugged him tightly.
“We’ve been worried,” Irene said, wrapping her arms around her body. “Like really worried. Is everything okay? Is the baby okay?”
“The baby is fine,” I assured her. “Eliza was amazing and took care of everything.”
Irene looked relieved by the news.
“Everybody has been so worried. Have you seen your mom and dad yet?”
I shook my head.
I wanted to visit my dad; he had been discharged from the hospital before me. But Gavin wanted to take me home so I could shower and rest; he did promise we’d see them tomorrow, though. As far as visitors at the hospital go, the only one I had was Nan this morning.
Gavin and Eliza agreed that I shouldn’t have too many visitors because of the baby’s condition, and they wanted me to heal properly, but stubborn Nan wasn’t taking no for an answer.
“I’ll see them tomorrow,” I told her. “Mom is caring for Dad right now, and it’s better if I stay here to rest.”
1/3
Chapter 705
Gavin put his hand on the small of my back, sending a wave of wall throughout my entire body.
“How about we have dinner tonight as a family?” Gavin suggested as he looked at his children. “The 4 of us.”
Irene and Matt nodded.
“Yeah, that sounds great.”
+25 BONUS
“Good,” Gavin replied with a nod. “And Irene, there’s something need to talk to you about. I’m going to get Judy settled into bed so she can rest. But I’ll be down in a few minutes.”
“Okay,” Irene said, her brows pinching together. “Should I be worried?”
Gavin didn’t reply, which made Irene’s eyes widen; she now knew something was wrong. He was going to tell her about Ethan. I was still trying to wrap my head around the fact that Ethan was gone.
I will never forget the feeling I got when he lunged at my belly, holding that knife. The anger that flared inside of me was something I had never felt before. My wolf was weak, but even she was flaring to life in a show of protection towards our unborn pup. Without a thought, the IV was ripped out of my wrist as I staggered out of the bed, dodging him by only a hair. I was so scared that he was going to get to my baby, and all the motherly protection inside of me was shining through. I fought tooth and nail for him to leave me alone, and then Gavin stormed in, and his aura was so powerful that it brought me to my knees.
Watching him fight Ethan had me worried because I feared that Ethan would hurt him with the knife. But Gavin had the upper hand the entire time; he was stronger and way more powerful. I knew Ethan was dead before Gavin stopped punching him. I stared at the mess on the ground in a state of shock.
This was someone who was once my fated mate, and now he was nothing. It was bittersweet; on one hand, I had no feelings for him anymore, and the bond had been long broken. But on the other hand, it felt like I should have felt something.
Gavin brought me into his room, which I guess is kind of my room now. We hadn’t really talked about it yet; was he expecting me to move in with him? I guess that was a stupid question considering we are mated now, and I was to be his Luna. But it still
felt surreal.
###Take 706
“Are you ever going to let me walk again?” I asked teasingly. As soon as we were done talking to Irene and Matt, he scooped me into his arms and carried me to the bedroom.
He grinned down at me as he kissed the bridge of my nose.
“Maybe,” he said, his voice laced with a teasing affection. “But no today.”
His lips found mine as he lowered me into the bed, and I couldn’t help but melt into him. I pulled him closer to me, kissing him with everything I had inside. I missed him like crazy these last couple of days, and I was desperate to be as close to him as possible. My fingers explored him eagerly as I ran my hands up and down his toned body. He let out a low growl as he took charge, deepening the kiss and shoving his tongue into my mouth exploring me and tasting me.
He broke the kiss only to take his shirt off, so my fingers had something else to explore. Goddess, he was so hot that it was driving both me and my wolf insane.
A dark chuckle left his lips as he caught wind of my emotional state. His lips were back on mine, kissing and nipping until I was nothing but a breathless mess beneath him. He quickly took my clothes off my body, leaving me naked and vulnerable. A dull ache spread between my legs, making me desperate for his touch. I pressed my lips together, rubbing them as moisture pooled between them and heat flared across my lower abdomen.
“Gavin,” I whimpered as he kissed everywhere except for where I needed it the most. He smirked as he grabbed my knees and started to force my legs apart. I let out a gasp when he finally managed to spread me open, his eyes darkening as he stared down at my throbbing core. It was in serious need of his touch, and I would almost give anything to be able to feel him.
“So, fucking wet for me,” he growled, his eyes glowing yellow as his wolf surged forward.
“Gavin…” I whimpered again, squirming beneath him.
“Tell me what you need, baby,” he said, his tone dark and filled with desire.
“I need you,” I begged. “Please…”
“Where do you need me?”
“Here…” I rasped out as I went to touch myself. He grabbed my hand before I could reach my core, stopping me.
“Don’t fucking touch what belongs to me,” he said in a deep and growly tone.
I shuddered, loving his growly voice.
Before I could protest, his face was buried in my core, making me gasp. His tongue flicked across my clit, sucking it into his mouth while his fingers penetrated my hole and drawing the pleasure that was aching between my thighs.
“Gavin!” I gasped out his name; he growled at the sound of my moans and his hold on me tightened as I wiggled beneath him.
I felt my orgasm building until I was right on the brink. I dug my fingers into his hair and held him in place as he devoured me as
if I were his last meal.
He continued until I was nothing but a shaking and twitching puddle on his bed. When I came down from my high, he placed a gentle kiss on my clit before kissing up my body, spending extra time at my breasts before he captured my lips with mine, allowing me to taste myself on his tongue.
“Goddess, you taste so fucking good,” he murmured against my mouth. I deepened the kiss, loving the feeling of him and wanting to keep this going for as long as possible.
Before I could respond, I felt him pressing himself into me. I didn’t even realize his pants were off until I felt his cock probing my entrance. I arched my back and let out a loud moan as he filled me to the brink and then some.
I dug my nails into the bedsheets as he brought me into a new euphoria. 2
173
Chapter 706
+25 BONUS
Third Person POV
“The money had been transferred. Though it won’t be processed officially until tomorrow. But it should be read by the auction. tomorrow,” Beta Ron said as he entered Levi’s office. “And Gavin on the guest list with a plus one just as you planned.”
“Perfect,” Levi said, leaning back in his seat. “Can’t wait to see the smug asshole humiliated when he realizes he’s broke.” 
A moment later, the door to his office opened and someone new walked in.
“Took you long enough… I thought I was going to rot there… if you didn’t send those rogues to get me out of the damn Silver Crescent jail, I would have died.” 2
“Lila,” Levi greeted, his eyes meeting hers. “Don’t be so dramatic
“Don’t ‘Lila‘ me…” she said, folding her arms across her chest. “He could have killed me.
“He wouldn’t have… despite your betrayal, he cares too much about you,” Levi assured her with an eye roll, “You will always be his Rachel.”
She blushed.
“Well, the feeling isn’t mutual,” she muttered.
Levi leaned forward in his seat, studying her for a long moment before he had an idea.
“How would you like to be my date for an auction tomorrow night?”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
###Take 707
Chapter 707
Judy’s POV
“Holy crap, Judy, you look gorgeous,” Irene breathed as she stared at me from the doorway of my bedroom. I turned to look at her, a small smile playing on my lips. I was wearing a deep purple dress that hugged my figure perfectly and really brought out my breast size. Truth be told, I was amazed that I could even look like this, but Gavin’s personal stylist truly outdid herself. 1
Sabrina, the stylist, stood back with a grin on her face. She was a younger woman, fairly new to the pack, who recently found out that she was mated to Gamma Derek. Though she’s been in Gavin’s territory her entire life, she’s only now moving to the Silver Crescent pack after she came here for a job opportunity, only to find her true mate last month. Gavin ended up hiring her as his personal stylist and shopper, giving her a design studio so she could showcase her own designs.
The dress that I’m wearing was one of her personal designs, and I’m honored she’s allowing me to wear such a gorgeous piece.
“Sabrina, you outdid yourself,” Irene said as she took in my appearance. “Did you do her hair too?”
Sabrina nodded.
“My mother was a hair stylist, so I learned a thing or two growing up,” Sabrina said, tucking a strand of auburn hair behind her ear with a sheepish grin. “It’s really nothing special. Just a simple updo.”
“Well, I love it. It’s perfect,” I tell her, giving her a small smile. “I’m really glad you came here to help me. I’m clueless when it comes to this stuff. I’ve never been to an auction before.”
“Isn’t your dad like a Delta?” Sabrina asked, raising her brows. “And you’ve never been to an auction before?”
“Well, yeah… I mean, my parents have been to one before. But never me,” I explained. “I’m not really sure what to expect. My parents don’t really talk about that kind of thing with me.”
“It’s just a bunch of rich people showing off how much money they have,” Irene said, rolling her eyes and swatting away my concern. “My father has limitless money when it comes to these events. Trust me… I’ve been to these auctions before, and I’ve seen him bidding. He never loses.” 
“No one has limitless money,” I chuckled.
“My father does,” Irene said confidently. “He’s worth billions… his company brings in a billion dollars a week, and he has secret accounts that hold even more money than his original accounts. He doesn’t mess around when it comes to his funds… It’s what makes him so successful.” 1
My cheeks redden at the thought.
“Well, we are only going to get back his family heirloom,” I told her.
“He’s going to get it back no matter what it costs,” she told me, putting a hand on my shoulder. “In the meantime, you are going to be his arm candy, and you look hot as fuck.”
I blush at her words as I look at myself in the mirror. Sabrina really outdid herself, and I was giddy with anticipation for the evening.
A knock on the door drew my attention. It was Irene who answered the door. A maid stood on the other side looking between us until her eyes landed on me.
“Good evening, Miss Montague,” the maid said, bowing her head at me. “The Alpha is waiting for you downstairs.”
“Thank you,” I replied.
The maid nodded before turning away and leaving. Irene looked me over one last time, a wide grin on her face.
“You’re going to do great tonight. Just stick to my dad’s side and act like you’re worth a billion dollars,” she told me, giving me a double thumbs up.
1/3
Chapter 707
+25 BONUS
“I’m not sure I’m capable of doing that,” I admit as I run my hands down the skirt of my dress. “But I will try.”
I walked out of the room with Irene and Sabrina following after me We made our way down the stairs, and my wolf immediately perked up when she caught wind of Gavin’s scent. It flowed around me like a warm blanket.
Gavin stood at the doorway wearing a black slimming suit that made him look even stronger if that was possible. His dark hair was brushed out of his face, and when he felt me nearby, his gaze lifted to meet mine, making my heart stutter in my chest.
His eyes darkened as he took in my appearance; his eyes scanned my body before returning to my eyes. I reached the bottom step, and I saw him swallowing, his Adam’s apple moving from the motion.
“Judy… you look…” he started, but his voice trailed off, unable to speak the words he was thinking. 1
It was okay, though, because I knew what he was thinking and feeling thanks to the mate bond. My cheeks warmed from the way he was looking at me. 1
###Take 708
“You don’t look so bad either,” I said, a smile spreading across my face as I took him in.
He grinned down at me, our bodies only inches from one another now.
“Have fun, you two,” Irene said with a wink.
Gavin’s eyes never left mine as he took hold of my hand.
“Are you ready to go?” He asked.
I nodded.
“Yes.”
With that, we left for the auction.
The auction was a little over an hour away in neutral territory. It was held at a large and gorgeous museum. White pillars stood tall around the archway entrance, and I could see bouncers standing outside the door, checking in guests. Those I could see wore elegant gowns and tailored suits, and though I too wore an elegant gown, I felt a bit self–conscious, like I didn’t belong here.
Feeling Gavin’s hand on the small of my back sent an unexpected warmth throughout my body, making my cheeks flush as I looked up at him. He smiled down at me, his eyes shining with love and admiration, and suddenly I no longer felt out of place. I was exactly where I was meant to be… by Gavin’s side.
We walked sideways upside up to the entrance where the bouncers stood. One look at Gavin and they both bowed.
“Good evening, Alpha,” one of them said. “You may enter. Enjoy the auction.”
He didn’t even have to look at the guest list to know that Gavin was on it. Gavin nodded and guided me past them and into the
museum.
I didn’t know much about art, but the pieces in this museum looked expensive and important. The watercolors and passion thrown into each piece took my breath away, and I couldn’t seem to look away.
“The auction is this way,” Gavin told me, motioning for a door on the other side of the room, which seemed to be gathering a ton of people.
I walked with him through the crowd, ignoring the stares from the onlookers. I’m sure this was something Gavin was used to at this point, but I wasn’t used to it. I still felt uncomfortable by the attention even after winning the gamma competition and being globally featured in every news story.
The auction was held inside what looked like an auditorium; it was a vast space with a ton of chairs, and in the front was a stage with a podium. A man stood tall at the podium; he was balding on top but had gray hair on the sides of his head. Like all the men, he wore a tailored suit, though his seemed a bit too big for his form. His pale blue eyes scanned the room, and his expression remained emotionless, which gave me an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach.
There was a whole camera crew as well that was in the middle of setting up their equipment. I had no idea this was going to be televised, and suddenly I was even more nervous if that was possible.
“We have reserved seats in the front,” he told me, motioning for me to follow him. I went with him towards the front of the
room, keeping my head down as I walked.
“Mr. Landry,” the auctioneer said, his eyes shifting to Gavin. “I’m glad you could join us this evening.”
“This isn’t something I’d miss,” Gavin told him. “There is something important that is being auctioned that I must have.”
“I see,” the auctioneer said. “Well, may the best win. There are many important and rich guests that are arriving tonight and that I’m sure will have their eye on the same prize.”
“I’m sure,” Gavin said, his tone even and not revealing his emotions. I admired that about Gavin; how he could mask his
1/3
Chapter 708
+25 BONUS
emotions without effort. I wished that I could be more like that, bi I wore my heart on my sleeve. “By the way, Edward, this is my mate, Judy Montague.”
My eyes grew large at Gavin’s candid words. I stared up at him with my lips parted; I didn’t realize we were so open about our relationship with outsiders.
“I wasn’t aware you were mated,” the auctioneer, Edward, said, his eyes shifting to me. “It’s lovely to meet you, Miss Montague.”
“Uh… thank you,” I replied, trying to sound proper, but failing miserably.
“It’s new, but soon I will be making her my Luna,” Gavin continued.
“A Luna?” Another voice said from close by, making my body freeze. Gavin, too, seemed to have tensed; I recognized that voice, and it wasn’t one I thought I would hear again.
I turned my body, reluctantly.
“I really didn’t think that Judy was a Luna material… but to each their own, I suppose…” she continued, her eyes scanning me from head to toe, making my cheeks burn.
Gavin’s hold on my waist tightened, and I could see his jaw clenching.
“What are you doing here, Rebecca? Or should I say…. Lila?”
2/3
###Take 709
Judy’s POV
My mouth nearly tell open at Gavin’s remark.
+25 BONUS 
“Lila?” I asked, my brows furrowed. I wasn’t understanding what was happening, but all I knew was that Rebecca was standing in front of us, and she looked… different.
Her typical brown hair was no longer brown but blonde with pink reaks at the ends, entwining with curls that weren’t there before. Her features were all the same; she had the same brown eyes with long lashes and the same high cheekbones and rosy lips, only her makeup was a little different. Actually… it was the makeup that was different in general. Before, she didn’t weat any makeup, but now, it seemed she had a whole face full of it.
Like me, she wore a dress that hugged her figure and really brough out the size of her breasts, only I felt like she wore it better. She had her hands on her hips as she stared at me; the gaze turning into daggers that pierced my very soul. I was suddenly very uncomfortable being near her.
This was a woman who made me believe that she was sleeping with Gavin, having his baby, and about to get married to him. It was all a plan to get rid of me… Gavin caught on pretty quickly and spent way too much time tricking her into believing he was trustworthy while gathering information. During that time, I thought they were together, and I ran off to the Redcliff Pack.
I didn’t know it at the time, but it was all Levi’s plan to get rid of me… for what? I wasn’t sure. Maybe a distraction? Maybe to hurt Gavin? Maybe both? The thought sent a chill down my spine.
I thought Gavin had her on lockdown; she was supposed to be in a holding cell so they could decide on a proper punishment for her. Had they let her go free? I wanted to ask Gavin, but my mouth wouldn’t work, and my entire body felt rooted to the ground.
“Don’t pretend you aren’t happy to see me, Gavin,” Lila said as she batted her eyelashes up at him. “I know we had some tough times, but at the end of the day, it’ll always be me you want, and you can’t deny that.”
“I didn’t actually know anything real about you… So how could you say that I want you?” Gavin said flatly. “I didn’t even know your real name until recently. You led me to believe that your name was Rebecca this entire time.”
She swatted away his concern.
“Only because I wasn’t sure if I could trust you,” she said, lifting her shoulders. “But not everything was a lie…”
She reached out to touch his arm, and without warning, I grabbed Her wrist, a snarl leaving my lips.
“Don’t touch my mate,” I hissed, my voice coming out primal.
Her eyes widened slightly.
“Mate?” She asked, at first shocked, but then an amused glint appeared in her eyes. “Well, that explains why he’s bothering with someone like you. You’re not his usual type.”
“Judy is more my type than you will ever be,” Gavin said, before I could say anything in response.
I put his hand on my hip again and pulled myself away from her slightly. I released my hold on her wrist, though I wanted to break her hand for even daring to touch what was mine. I never felt this need to protect someone before, not even Ethan. I never wanted to break Irene’s hand like this when Ethan left me for her but when it came to Gavin, I would destroy anyone with ill intentions if it meant protecting him. 1
I felt his sense of pride when I stood my ground; he was proud of me and liked my reaction.
“There you are,” another familiar voice said, and I turned to see Alpha Levi approaching. “I see you are already making tr for yourself.” 2
Levi stood beside Lila, his hand finding her hip, and I didn’t miss the fact that she leaned into him slightly.
“Did you expect anything less from me?” She asked, a teasing hint in her tone.
Chapter 709
+25 BONUS 
He smiled down at her.
“No, I did not,” he told her before focusing his attention on Gavin and me. “I see you are joining us for the auction this evening It should be an interesting event.”
“Yes, it should be,” Gavin replied simply. “I’m surprised that you came all this way for just an auction. Surely you have them closer to your own territory as well, no?”
“We do, yes,” Levi replied. “But this one lias a particular item I’ve had my eye on for some time, and I couldn’t pass up the opportunity.”
Gavin’s jaw clenched.
“I guess I should wish you luck then,” Gavin said, his eyes never leaving Levi’s. I wasn’t sure what was happening or what Gavin’s plan was, but I had a strange feeling; a knot formed in the pit of my stomach.
Without warning, Gavin was guiding me away. We sat in our seats, his hand clasped in mine, and at that moment, I realized I was trembling. Whether it was from rage after our encounter with Lila, or nerves. Either or… I couldn’t seem to stop shaking.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 710 
###Take 710
Chapter 710 
Edward passed by us, handing Gavin a paddle with a number on it. Gavin nodded his thanks before Edward went around the room, passing paddles to all the gentlemen and a couple of women who had powerful auras.
Levi and Lila sat in the same row as us, though they were a few seals away.
I admired how confidently Gavin sat; I knew he was planning sofnething, I just wasn’t sure what it was, and I wasn’t sure if he’d tell me if I asked him, at least not here. He wouldn’t. I glanced over at Levi and saw him grinning at Lila. They were also planning something. I just hoped that Gavin was one step ahead of film. I
“I can feel your anxiety,” Gavin whispered from beside me..
“This is just a lot,” I admit. “I feel like I don’t belong here.” 1
His fingers wrapped around mine in a gentle handhold. He squeezed my hand gently.
“You belong by my side,” he reminded me. “Where I am, you belong.”
I felt my cheeks warming at the sincerity in his tone and at his words. Before I could reply, the auctioneer returned to the podium and tapped the mic a couple of times to test it.
I heard the soft humming of the cameras starting to roll, and the light around the room dimmed. A spotlight appeared on the stage, highlighting Edward as he stood at the podium.
One of the cameramen gave Edwards a thumbs up, and Edwards cleared his throat.
“Good evening, folks. We are about to start the auction. Today’s auction is a donation to the Cancer Center. Every cent we make today will go straight to their donation funds, so we appreciate you all for being here. The center holds a spot in the owner of this museum’s heart. Cassandra William’s mother had recently passed away from her long battle with cancer. Let us all hold a moment of silence out of respect.”
The room fell silent; not even a hushed whisper could be heard. A woman stood off on the side of the stage, her head bowed and her eyes red from the tears she had cried. She was a gorgeous woman with shimmering blonde hair and a silver gown. Her fair complexion was radiant under the crystal chandelier. I had seen her featured in magazines before, and I knew right away that she was Cassandra Williams, a famous artist. This was her museum, and I was honored to be in the space.
The auctioneer, Edward, cleared his throat.
“Very good,” he said, breaking through the silence that nearly consumed us. “Now we are starting off with a priceless artifact… a pendant with the rarest red ruby, surrounded by the rare blue diamond. It was named the Fire Cry pendant; the ruby presented the fire, and the diamonds represented the tears. It’s worth $100,000 on the market, and it was given to us by Madam Eliana of the Westwood pack, passed down by generations.” 
Cassandra walked out, wheeling a small cart that held the pendant on display for the room to see. There was a camera zoomed in on it as well, which brought the pendant to a big screen on the stage for us to get a closer look.
It was gorgeous, and my chest tightened when he said that it cost $100,000. If this is what we were starting off with, I couldn’t imagine what the rest of the auction was going to be like.
I wondered why Madam Eliana would want to sell such a priceless heirloom. I’ve learned of her school; she was a heiress in the Westwood pack… her father was a rich Alpha, and though they aren’t as rich as Gavin’s family, or as powerful, they have made a name for themselves.
Eliana had taken over the pack as one of the first female Alphas after her father’s death a few years ago. I was surp was selling this necklace because it once belonged to her grandmother.
“We will start the bid off at $100,000,” Edward continued.
A few paddles went up, including Levi’s. Lila beamed, and I knew he was trying to win the pendant for her.
$110,000,” Levi said, a smug smile on his face.
hat she
Chapter 710 
+25 BONUS 
“$110,000, am I hearing $120,000?” Edward asked the room.
A few paddles went up, but not as many as the last time.
$150,000,” Levi said confidently.
“$150,000… am I hearing $160,000?” Edward asked.
Only one other paddle went up.
I glance at Gavin to see if he was seeing this, and as amazed as I was, he was too focused on his phone. He was typing away, texting somebody, and my brows furrowed at the sight. 1
$200,000,” Levi announced, his voice booming across the room. A few gasped; that was double the asking price, and the fact that he can throw money around like that was jaw–dropping, especially considering this wasn’t his main focus.
“$200,000, am I hearing $210,000?” Edward asked.
There was silence; no paddle went up, and Levi sat back in his seat, a smile on his face while Lila beamed with excitement.
“$200,000, going once… going twice…”
Gavin, who was typing on the phone up until that point, stood to his feet, his paddle high in the air.
“$500,000.”
###Take 711
Chapter 711 
Gavin’s POV
o
Me: He’s bidding for the Fire Cry necklace. Starting at $100,000. ‘s pushing the bid higher.
Taylor: Eliana is auctioning off her grandmother’s pendant
Me: Apparently. That’s not important right now. Is the transfer complete?
Taylor: Give me a second.
As soon as the transfer is complete, we have the proof we need to convict Levi once and for all..
He thinks he has the upper hand, but really, I am a step ahead of lim. Everything is going to work out according to plan; I could feel it in my bones.
“Am I hearing $160,000?” Edward asked the audience.
I could feel Judy looking at me, her eyes wide.
It was no secret that she was feeling overwhelmed; I could feel it through our mate bond.
My phone buzzed again.
Taylor: Transfer complete; right about now, he should be getting an alert of his account update, and I’m downloading the proof, which I’ll forward to the other chairmen. They are already on their way to the auction like we planned, but at least now they have real proof of his deceit.
Me: Good; make sure to block his account. What’s the ETA on Mica and Jeremy?
Taylor: two hours.
Me: Keep me posted; I’ve already spoken to Edward, and he’s not processing any of the funds until after the charity banquet.
Every charity auction holds a charity banquet right after; it’s just a get–together for the guests, who have food and drinks. It’s another opportunity to collect donations and bid on some extra stuff that didn’t make it to the auction, along with a few of Cassandra’s works of art.
Taylor: I also got hold of Eliana to ask about her family heirloom she’s selling. I guess she’s been having strange dreams. She fears it brings the ghost of her dead grandmother, and it freaks her out, so she decided to get rid of it. She put a $500,000 cap on it, though; she won’t accept anything more.”
“Going once… going twice…” Edward announced. I glanced at Levi, who had a smug smile on his face, and the annoyance was almost too much for me to handle. I stood with my paddle high in the air.
“$500,000,” I said, confidence booming in my voice.
Everyone turned to gawk at me, including Levi. His eyes soon flashed dangerously in my direction. I knew Judy was staring at me with her jaw on the ground as well, and I tried not to look at her as I kept my eyes on Levi.
Levi was about to open his mouth to bid higher, thinking he had the funds to do so… but Edward spoke first.
“Sold; to Alpha Gavin Landry for $500,000,” Edward announced.
There was some clapping, but mostly everyone was stunned.
“I can bid higher,” Levi complained, his eyes narrowed at Edward
“Sorry, Alpha,” Edward said, clearing his throat. “Madam Eliana put a cap on this item. She doesn’t want it to be sold for anything more than $500,000.”
“Why the hell not?” Levi asked, a bite to his tone.
1/3
“You’d have to ask her for yourself. I am unsure,” Edward said before turning his attention back to the audience. “Okay, let’s bid for our next item.”
“Are you insane?” Judy asked in a whisper. “That is not why we are here… Why would you buy a necklace for $500,000”
I shrugged casually.
“I thought it’d look nice on you,” I told her. “I figured you could wear it to the Luna ceremony.”
Plus, I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to piss Levi off, but I kept that part to myself.
Her cheeks flushed an adorable pink at my words, and it took everything I had not to close the distance and press my lips to hers
“I can’t wear something that expensive,” she said, her eyes shifting to her hands. “I’d feel a bit uncomfortable” * 
Chapter 712
###Take 712
Chapter 712 
“You deserve it,” I told her, taking hold of her hand. “Humor me,kay?”
She looked up at me with her big doe eyes, and my heart melted. What I wouldn’t give to pull her onto my lap right about now.
There were a ton of other things that were auctioned at decently high prices; some of which Levi bid and won. I allowed him to bid for those items, hoping to humiliate him myself once this auction was over and it was time to pay.
When he finds himself without money, right before his arrest, it’ll be the cherry on top.
Soon, Cassandra was bringing out the Moon Gein; everyone fell silent with awe as my gorgeous family heirloom was presented. I swallowed when I saw it; I hadn’t laid eyes on it since my father was alive. He told me it would be mine one day, but he died before he ever got the chance to pass it down to me. 2
Judy sucked in a sharp breath at the sight, her eyes wide.
“Is that it?” She asked, her voice nothing more than a soft whisper
I nodded; my words caught in my throat. I wasn’t prepared for the level of emotions I would feel upon seeing it; it shouldn’t be in an auction, and fury rose inside of me. My fists clenched; when got my hands on Daisy, she was going to pay for this. She stole from my family, and that wasn’t something I took lightly.
“Next up on our auction is a very rare find… one of the rarest,” Edward began as he stood next to the gem. “This is the Moon Gem. I’m sure most of you have heard the rumors of this gem; the one who holds this gem holds the power to be the most powerful Alpha in the world. It was donated by Miss Daisy Baldwin, and the gem itself goes for about 1 billion dollars. So, we will start the bid at 1 billion.” 1
Judy’s jaw was on the ground, and it would have been comical if I weren’t so focused on winning that gem and making Levi pay for what he was doing.
“2 billion dollars,” Levi said, loud enough for the entire room to hear.
“3 billion,” I said without hesitation.
Levi’s brow twitched.
“4 billion,” he said, his eyes snapping to me, a dangerous glint in his gaze.
“5 Billion,” I replied, my eyes dancing with amusement. I wasn’t worried, at least; I knew he was going to keep bidding higher because he thought he had the funds. Joke’s on him because not only does he not have access to my funds, but with his cards being cut off thanks to my hackers, he has no access to his own funds either. 2
As of right now, Levi was completely broke, and there was no chance he’d be able to pay for anything he was bidding for tonight.
“5 billion dollars…” Edward choked out, his cheeks flushed from the large number.
Before Edward could speak, Levi spoke instead.
“6 billion!”
There were gasps that echoed around the room, eyes wide.
My phone buzzed and I looked down to see that Taylor had texted me.
Taylor: Their flight landed. I just picked them up, and we are heading to the auction. We will be there in about an hour or so.
“Am I hearing 7 billion?” Edward asked. “There’s no cap on this item.” He added with a nervous chuckle. Sweat was beading on his head as he looked between Levi and me.
I leaned back in my seat, my eyes on Edward for a moment before looked at Levi. He was staring at me with a curious yet smug expression. I knew he was expecting me to continue bidding; he wanted me to be the one to make a fool out of myself when it came down to paying. He thought he drained me of all my money, and I wouldn’t be able to afford any of this stuff; that’s why he
1/3
Chapter 712
didn’t argue too much longer when I won the necklace.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Take 713
Chapter 713 
1 had no intention of giving Levi what he wanted. 
“6 billion… going once, going twice…” 
The silence was deafening. 
Judy grabbed my arm, getting my attention. 
“What are you doing?” She asked, her eyes wide with horror. “You’re letting him win…” 
I gave her a small smile, trying to push my feelings onto her so she knew to trust me. For a moment, she just stared at me, a silent conversation between wolves. Then, her body relaxed, and she let out a breath. 
“Sold to Alpha Levi Churchill,” Edward announced. 
Levi stood and accepted his applause; his smile growing wide. Lila stood and kissed him on the cheek. I allowed them to bask in their victory. I gave nothing away by my expression. Levi’s eyes found mine, and I could see the slight confusion in his gaze; he didn’t expect me to give up so easily, so he was suspicious of my motive. 
He sat back down, turning his attention back to the auction. 
There were a few more items being auctioned, and 30 minutes later, the auction itself was ending. The guests were being guider to the banquet hall for a feast while Edward wrapped up the items and prepared the bills. 
“You’re not really letting him have the gem, are you?” Judy asked once we were in the banquet hall. “Because then all of this would have been for nothing.” 
I gave her a small smile as I put my hands on her shoulders, rubbing her neck with my thumbs. 
“I have a plan,” I assured. “I need you to trust me. He’s not getting his hands on that gem.” 
“I hope you know what you are doing…” she breathed, her eyes remaining on mine. 
Before I could say anything more, I heard Levis‘ voice booming as anger coursed through him, directed towards Edward. 
“Why are we delaying this any further? The banquet was supposed to be held after we had made our payments for the items we purchased. Why hasn’t our money been accepted yet?” 
Edward’s eyes flashed to me briefly, and I raised my brow at him, willing him to keep silent. I paid him quite a bit to stall until I said otherwise, I told him I would give him a sign once I was ready for the payments. 
Lapologize, Alpha but we were having some technical difficulties on our end,” Edward lied smoothly, though there was a 
tremor in his tone as nerves consumed him. 
“Well, fix it,” Levi said through gritted teeth. “We don’t have all night” 
yes, Alpha ” 
My phone rang, turning my attention i reached into my pocket to one and sam that Alpha tie is very calling 
*Mis * ) pierted into the plane 
*Nee, just #auted firealitat and let you know we with tw 
cind baskatting the bank staterad Mandorle 
  
be shy the wad of the brai, be it leas 
Chapter 713 
+25 BONU 
My eyes scanned the room until they landed on Levi. His arm was around Lila, and they were talking to a few men across the 
room. 
I smirked as my hold on the phone tightened. 
It was show time. 24 
###Take 714
Chapter 714, 
Judy’s POV 
“Where are we going?” I asked as Gavin put his land on the small of my back and guided me through the crowd.
His face was serious, and I felt the tension rising within him; yet, felt a twinge of determination as well. Whatever he was planning, I knew it was coming together right now.
“We are going to pay for what we bid for,” he told me, keeping histone low.
I decided to just trust him and keep my mouth shut; I knew he would never allow Levi to do that with the Moon Gem. That was the whole point of us being here in the first place; if he
he was confident that he could get it back, then I had to believe him.
I swallowed down the words I wanted to say and followed him into back room where Edward waited. He was standing behind a counter with a few items on it, including the necklace that Gavin won.
Edward looked up from the papers he
e Wa
reading and gave Edward a polite smile with a quick bow to his head. “Alpha, I have the invoices ready for you,” he told him. “Are you ready
“Yes,” Gavin replied.
Not long before, Levi and Lila were joining us as well. Lila looked smug as ever as she clung to Levi’s side.
“I’m ready to pay for my bids now,” Levi announced, holding up a black Amex.
“Yes, Alpha,” Edward said as he readied both invoices for payment
“You may go first,” Gavin said, his tone cool and collected. I looked up at him, wondering what it was he was doing, but I kept my tongue between my teeth, not wanting to interrupt what was happening.
Levi smirked at Gavin and stepped forward.
※
“Don’t mind if I do… oh, and if anything happens with your payments, I’ll make sure to pay for yours as well,” Levi said, his smirk only growing across his face.
Gavin didn’t make any remarks in return; his eyes darkened slightly, but that was about it.
Edward looked uncomfortable in the middle of this situation, and honestly couldn’t blame him. I was uncomfortable, too; I don’t think either of us knew what was going on. Obviously, Edward knew that there was some kind of ulterior motive, considering Gavin asked him to delay the payment process until the end of the banquet. But I doubted he knew the exact reason as to why. I didn’t understand it either, but I trusted Gavin, and I knew he had a good reason.
Edward typed something on the small device he was carrying, which I assumed processed the payments.
He took Levi’s black card and stuck it in the machine. For a moment, I felt Gavin’s tension; he was nervous and hiding it well. I looked up at him and saw that his expression was indifferent, despite the fact that his Adam’s apple bobbed from his swallow.
After a second, Edward’s expression shifted, and he was confused. He removed the card, glanced at it, and then tried the payment again.
I furrowed my brows and then glanced at Levi, who was also staring at him with an intensity so great that it could burn a hole.
“Is there a problem?” Levi asked.
Lila’s smug face shifted as well, and now she was looking a little worried as she glanced between Edward and Levi.
“Must be a connection issue. Just give me a second,” he said, trying the payment one more time.
After another minute, Edward’s face paled.
“The machine must be broken. This isn’t making any sense,” Edward said, a light and nervous laugh escaping his lips.
1/3
Chapter 714 
+25 BONUS
I thought for a second that I heard his laugh echo, like it was coming from somewhere else, but I quickly brushed the thought out of my head. It was just my nerves talking; I was licaring things
“Try it again,” Levi said through his teeth, his face reddening witrage.
Once again, it sounded like an echo.
The distant sounds of the party were also silenced. Maybe there was a doorway that closed, and the back room was just soundproof.
I glanced up at Gavin, who was staring at Levi now; his brows raised.
“How about we try it again,” Gavin said, nodding. “There must be some kind of mistake.”
I furrowed my brows at him; did I hear amusement in his tone? Did he do something to Levi’s Amex card that’s making it not work?
Levi, who didn’t notice his change of tone, nodded, his eyes remaining on Edward.
“Yes, try it again!” Levi ordered, his voice booming.
Now I was certain I heard an echo.
Was it the room?
flooked around; it was a fairly small space, but I guess it could echo
Looking at Gavin again, I saw his attention was shifted in a different direction. I frowned and followed his gaze, my eyes growing large when I saw Taylor around the corner with his phone pointed at Levi.
2/3
###Take 715
Was he recording what was happening?
When did he get here?
Edward swallowed as he stuck the card into the machine again; I could tell he was praying to the moon goddess that it worked, but once again, his face grew even whiter if that was possible.
He pulled the card out and stared at it with disbelief.
“I’m so sorry, Alpha. I suppose we are having technical problems, he said, his voice shaking.
“Try mine,” Gavin said, handing over his own black Amex card.
Edward looked panicked for a moment; his eyes on the card and then at Gavin’s cool expression. He was worried about pissing off more than one Lycan; I could practically see his anxiety rolling off him in waves.
But Gavin’s expression was almost calming despite the situation, and Edward took in a deep breath before nodding.
“Okay,” he relented, taking a hold of Gavin’s card.
Levi scoffed, his hold on Lila getting firmer, and she wiggled out of his grip..
“Quch,” she huffed. “What the hell is going on?” I heard her asking him.
“Shut up,” he said through his teeth. He was trying to be quiet and not cause a scene, but I could tell he was furious about what was going on.
Edward told Gavin the grand total before hesitantly and nervously putting the card in the same machine.
Just then, Edward’s eyes lit up, and a relieved look washed over him as the receipt printed out.
“Well, that worked,” Edward said, ripping the receipt off and stepping forward.
“W…what?” Levi asked, his eyes narrowed and anger flaring in them. “How is that possible?”
I wasn’t sure if he meant to say that part out loud, but he did, and it made Edward raise his brows.
“Well, he’s incredibly wealthy,” Edward explained.
“Check my card again,” Levi growled, his face red with rage.
This time, Gavin was smirking.
I knew he did something, but I was confused as to what and how he managed to pull this off so quickly.
Edward cleared his throat.
“Very well, Alpha,” Edward said, this time, less nervous because now he knew whatever happened next, it wasn’t his fault. It
wasn’t the machine… it was Levi.
He stuck the card in the machine once again and waited for a moment. Then his eyes shifted to Levi’s face.
“Sorry, Alpha. Your card is being declined.”
Thadn’t realized Taylor had walked out of the corner of the room; his phone was still pointed at Levi. But when he spoke, it was menacingly.
“Alpha Gavin, there have been some strange transactions being attempted on your account,” Taylor said, his eyes finding Gavin’s, a knowing glint in his eyes. “I have received reports of fragrant transactions. The card is being declined for your safety.”
Gavin nodded at Taylor.
1/3
Chapter 715
“Thank you… I’ll have to look into it.”
“W…what the hell is going on?” Levi asked, his eyes shifting from Gavin to Taylor.
Ignoring Levi, Taylor continued.
+25 BONUS 
“There’s no need, Alpha. I took the liberty of looking into it already. It seems your account has been tied to a different card, and some of your funds have been transferred to an account that wasit in your name. Thankfully, we caught it soon enough and were able to stop any transactions from going through.”
“And what card was attached to my account?” Gavin asked.
At that point, I saw a couple of other figures standing where Taylor had just come from. They hadn’t made themselves known yet, but my eyes grew large when I recognized them.
Alpha Mica and Alpha Jeremy, the other two lycans. I remember meeting them at the Gamma competitions.
Holy shit.
I looked up at Gavin and realized he was playing a part right now. He clearly knew this information, and they were performing for what? An audience? The echo made sense now… were they livestreaming this for the entire banquet
Taylor read the last 4 digits of the card that was in the file.
“Give me my Amex back now,” Levi said, gesturing for Edward. Now he was sweating and nervous; he even looked incredibly pale.
Edward glanced back down at the card, his eyes growing wide.
“That’s… this card?” Edward said, his eyes shifting from Levi to Gavin.
“You don’t say…” Gavin murmured; his eyes narrowed at Levi. “Now… why would Levi’s card be on my account?”
Without warning, Levi snatched the card from Edward and was about to make a run for it, but the only exit was blocked by large gammas that I hadn’t noticed before, and Levi’s face paled completely when he saw Mica and Jeremy approaching.
“I guess there will be time for questions later,” Mica said, folding his arms across his chest. “But for right now… Alpha Levi Churchill… you are under arrest.
”
14
###Take 716
Chapter 716 
Judy’s POV 
I stared in shock as the gammas rounded on Alpha Levi. Lila seemed to have jumped out of the way; her face pale and her eyes as 
wide as mine. 
“You can’t arrest me!” Levi shouted, his growl dark and sending achill down my spine. “Do you have any idea who I am?! I am a Lycan wolf. You cannot arrest me!” 
“Under the guidelines of what our ancestors created, if we come to an agreement, all three of us…. Then we can arrest you and take down your status,” Mica explained, folding his arms across his chest. He looked so serious, and his aura was radiant. I couldn’t help but shiver; the presence of four Lycans was almost too much for anyone to handle. 
I glanced at Edward to see how he was holding up, and just as I thought, he looked like he was about to have a panic attack. 
Gavin kept a firm grip on my hip like he was afraid I would disappear on him. I felt comforted by his presence at least. When I looked up at him, he was staring daggers at Levi. 
“Levi, we have unimaginable evidence against you,” Jeremy said, shaking his head. “Mica and I were going through everything Beta Taylor and Alpha Gavin had sent us. I can’t even fathom how you thought you could get away with this? Also… 
there was a written statement from one of the rogues that confirmed that you were involved in the takedown of the Redcliff pack?” 
I raised my brows; of course, I knew that Levi and his Beta had something to do with that, but I didn’t think a rogue would be the one to rat them out. I wondered what was offered to this rogue to betray them like that. 
“That rogue is lying,” Levi said through his teeth. 
“She knows the consequences of lying to a Lycan,” Gavin said, histone calm and collected as if he was speaking about the weather. “She was pregnant with a child and was promised protection and the comfort of a pack if she complied. She would do anything for her unborn baby. She just lost her husband, so she’s alone. I assured her safety and the safety of her baby if she complied and told the truth.” 
I was surprised by this. I had no idea what kind of things he was actually doing behind the scenes, without me even realizing it. I was right to trust him, and I would tell him as much later on. 
I heard gasps from the banquet; there was no doubt in my mind now that Taylor was recording the whole thing and broadcasting it live for them all to see. I wondered where this broadcast was playing. 
“There’s also evidence against Rebecca… aka Lil,” Taylor said, narrowing his eyes at her and positioning his phone to point directly at her. 5 
Her face reddened with rage as she took a step away from him; her failed attempts to cover her face were almost laughable because everybody had already seen her standing here the entire time. 
“You have nothing on me,” Lila hissed. 
“Falsified pregnancy test reports and other fabricated exams are certainly something,” Taylor said, raising his brows. “You were pregnant with another man’s baby… a human… and then got an abortion after you were found out. However, before that… you had trouble getting pregnant, and it took you a couple of tries. But you still pretended like you were pregnant and used fake reports to prove your case. Once you were pregnant, you had to falsify the day to make it match up with your story.” 
“N… no… You can’t prove that,” Lila nearly screamed. 
“We already did,” Taylor said, shaking his head. “My mate is the best doctor in the country. It was easy for her to figure everything out and get me the evidence needed.” 
Lila’s face went completely white; she looked like a ghost. Levi continued to snarl and snap at the gammas who tried to get close to him. They held up the silver handcuffs, ready to make an arrest, but Levi wasn’t having any of it. 
“Get your hands away from me,” Levi growled; his wolf fighting of take control. 
1/3 
197 
“You have no power here, Levi,” Mica said, hits eyes narrowed. “We have months of evidence on you. We should have never allowed it to get that far… but the cherry on top was hacking Gavin’s system, shutting down his security, and transferring his funds into your account. Thankfully, they figured out quickly and put a stop to it.” 
Without warning, Levi lunged at Mica. 
I gasped, thinking there was going to be a Lycan fight right in front of my eyes. My Levi’s movements were slower than I expected, almost weaker. 
“What the fuck,” Levi gasped, staring down at his own hands when Mica easily dodged the attack. 
“You’ve been stripped of your title,” Jeremy said, sounding almost bored. 
“W…what?” Levi gasped. “Y… you can’t do that!” 
“We learned, did,” Mica said, dusting off his coat. “We signed the treaty of removal before we got here. After all the evidence was thoroughly gone through, we collectively decided that you are not chairperson material. Though you will always have traces of Lycan blood, the powers that came with being a’chairmen have been stripped from you.” 
###Take 717
‘And once we finally get these cuffs on you, your Lycan abilities will be gone as well,” one of the gammas boldly stated. 
“Get the fuck away from me!” Levi growled, and then he tried to make a run for it. Despite not having his normal chairmen ability, he was still pretty fast, nd nobody seemed to be ready for him to attempt to run, certainly not Lila, who looked dumbstruck and gutted that he would leave her behind. 
One of the Gammas had already cuffed her; she didn’t struggle because she knew she wouldn’t stand a chance in a room full of Lycans and Gammas. 
Gavin turned to me, his grip on my hip loosening. He bent and brushed his lips against mine; the kiss was soft and sweet, taking me by surprise. 
“Stay here,” he whispered against my lips. 
I nodded, my heart pounding against my chest. 
Then, it was like he vanished in front of my eyes. I blinked, feeling the slight breeze of him as he zoomed past me at lightning speed. I quickly turned to see that he already had Levi in his grip and his fist was plowing into Levi’s stomach, making him grunt out in pain. (1 
My mouth fell open; I should be terrified… seeing Gavin like this wasn’t something I was used to. But I wasn’t terrified at all. In fact, it was kind of a turn on. (1 
My cheeks were flushing for an entirely different reason. 
Mica and Jermey didn’t look phased in the least; in fact, they looked amused. They glanced at one another, like they were having a silent conversation, before they turned to Levi and crowded around him. 
“Levi, you are hereby removed as chairman. You are being arrested for so many crimes, and you are no longer the Alpha of your own pack. We will collectively decide on a new Alpha, a decision you have no part of,” Mica said, his lip curling in disgust. “In the meantime, you will be held in a maximum security prison until we can figure out what to do with you.” 
The gammas finally managed to cuff Levi while he was at his weakest point; once the cuffs were on him, Gavin finally released him and let him fall to the floor in pain. 
Within the second, Gavin was back by my side. 
I gasped when I saw his blood knuckles. I grabbed his hand and brought the wound to my lips. 
“You’re hurt,” I whispered, kissing his hand gently. 
“It’ll heal quickly,” he assured me, wrapping me in his arms and inhaling my scent deeply. “I’ll be okay.” 
I buried my face in his chest, and I knew with certainty that he was right; he was going to be okay. We all were… Levi was going to prison, and the threat was now gone. 
“You did it,” I told him, peeking up at him, a smile lighting my face. “You actually did it.” 
He smiled down at me, his lips finding mine in another sweet and gentle kiss. I’m sure he didn’t want to be too needy in front of others, and I couldn’t really blame him. I wanted him all to myself, nd I couldn’t wait until we could go back to the villa. 
Mica approached us, breaking through the little bubble that we created for ourselves. 
“Jeremy and I will get him out of here. We’ll meet up tomorrow to figure out the plans going forward,” Mica told Gavin. 
Gavin nodded and outstretched his hand to shake; the men shook Hands firmly. 
“We have a hotel suite set up for you and Jeremy at the Carter Resort. Feel free to stay for as long as needed,” Gavin told him.” I’ll meet you both there tomorrow afternoon for our meeting.” 
Mica nodded and turned to Jeremy, who was overseeing Levi and Lila being escorted out by the gammas. 
13 
“It was good to see you again, Miss Judy,” Mica said, bowing his head to me slightly. 
“You as well, Alpha,” I said to him in return. 
With that, the room started to clear, and Taylor approached us, still holding the phone up, livestreaming everything. 
“Any final words?” He asked. 
Gavin looked at the camera lens on the phone. 
“I hope we can all move past the events of today. My territory is safe now, and that’s all that matters. Stay tuned for a special announcement soon,” Gavin said, raising my brows. 
“Signing out,” Taylor said as he turned off the livestream. 
“Who were you streaming that to?” I asked. 
“The world,” Taylor grinned. “There were billions of people watching. It was surreal. The comments are going nuts. I didn’t have time to go through all of them, but there were a ton about you” 
My eyes grew wide. 
“Me?” I asked. “What were they saying about me?” 3 
Taylor opened his mouth to speak, but Gavin stopped him. 
“Perhaps we should discuss this another time,” he suggested, his point made loud and clear. 2 
Taylor cleared his throat, looking a bit awkward, before he nodded and ran his hand through his hair. 
“Right,” he murmured. 
Gavin turned to me, 
his expression softening. 
“How about we go home?” He suggested, tucking a strand of loose hair behind my ear. 
I smiled at his words. 
Home… 
I liked the sound of that. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Take 718
Chapter 718 
Judy’s POV 
I stared at myself in the mirror; shock was evident on my expression. My belly was rounded… I had popped. 
It had been almost a month since the banquet. Levi was still in prison, thankfully, and thye were working on appointing a new Lycan to take over Levi’s territory and take his place as chairman, tough I knew it wasn’t going to be easy. It was hard to fill the shoes of a Lycan chairman, let alone someone as powerful as Levi, 
Until then, Gavin and the other Lycans had been taking turns going to Levi’s territory and taking care of pack needs, so they weren’t completely without help. This week was Gavin’s turn to go to Levi’s territory. 
He’s been gone for almost 8 days, and I missed him with every beat of my heart. I wasn’t expecting to actually pop while he was away, though. I was just about 4 months pregnant, and this was the first time I actually looked pregnant. 
I went to bed last night and my belly was still its typical flat… but when I woke up this morning, I had this huge, rounded stomach. My wolf refused to shift out of protection for our young one. 
This was it. It was real. I was officially a pregnant she–wolf, and my mate was in a different territory. 
There was a knock on my door, drawing my attention away from my appearance for a moment. I went to the door and opened it, revealing Nan, who was standing before me nervously. She was nibbling on her lower lip; her hair curled to perfection, and her makeup done beautifully. I knew Irene had gotten to her, and it made me smile at how gorgeous my best friend was. 
She was wearing a tank top and short sweat shorts that hugged her curves perfectly. 
“Why aren’t you in your dress yet?” I asked her, frowning. “Please tell me you aren’t getting cold feet again…” 
“What if this is a mistake, Judy…” she said, walking into my room without being invited. “I mean… I love Chester and I want to marry him and continue with this little family that we have… but what if it ends up biting me in the ass at the end?” 
My gaze softened. 
“You won’t know unless you try,” I told her. “I know this is scary, Nan. But Chester loves you, and he’s been so good to you since finding out that you are his mate. He adores both you and Emalyn, and he’d do anything for you both. Marrying him should be an easy choice.” 
“I know and I want to marry him… but what if it’s too soon? I haven’t known him very long…” 
Without a word, I pulled her into my arms to hug her. I couldn’t believe my best friend was getting married today, and my mate wasn’t here with me. I hated that I had to attend her wedding without a date, and when she suggested that I go with Lukas, I nearly laughed. Gavin would kill me if he found out that I took Lukas as a date to Nan’s wedding. He couldn’t stand Lukas… it wasn’t anything specific that Lukas did… he just didn’t like that he was an unmated male. 3 
He thought Lukas had a thing for me despite how many times I told him that we were just friends. I hadn’t seen or spoken to Lukas since graduating from the college; Lukas is attending his last year at the college and then afterwards returning to his uncle Mica’s territory. But he and Nan keep in touch, and she invited him to the wedding. 
I would be lying if I said I wasn’t excited to see him again… but I was also nervous for what Gavin would have to say. 
“You are getting married in a few hours, Nan,” I told her. “You need to get dressed.” 
On cue, Irene walks in, her hands on her hips and her glossy lips pressed in a thin line. She was lareayd fully dressed in the purple maid of honor dress that hung off her shoulder delicately, showing off the purple pendant that dangled on her chest. 3 
Her blonde hair, which she just got light purple highlights for, was pulled out of her face and still flowed in curly waves down 
her shoulders. 
She was beautiful, and it always took my breath away; she looked so much like Gavin that it amazed me, besides her blonde hair and feminine features, which I’m sure she got from her mother. She had his eyes and his smile; it always amazed me. 
1/3 
Chapter 718 
+25 BONUS 
“Are you serious, right now?” Irene scowled, her eyes narrowed. How can you run off while I was in the bathroom? It took me hours to do your hair and makeup, Nan…” 
“I’m sorry…” Nan said, nibbling on her lower lip. “I just freaked out. I needed to talk to Judy…” 
“What you need is to finish getting dressed. We need to get to the silver Crescent Church,” Irene scolded. 
###Take 719
Chapter 719 
Then her eyes found mine. 
“And you…” she said, turning her anger on me. “You also need to dress and then they grew large. “Holy shit…” she breathed. 
“her voice tralled off when her eyes found my belly, 
My checks flushed as I stared down at my belly; despite the good news, I was a little embarrassed, I didn’t fit into the dress that I was going to wear to Nan’s wedding. I was her maid of honot… and yet, I had nothing to wear. 
That was when Nan finally noticed my large belly, and she gasped, covering her mouth. 
“Holy fuck, Judy!” She nearly squealed. “You finally popped!! Why didn’t you say anything sooner” 
“I didn’t want to take away from your big day,” I admitted. 
“Judy, this day isn’t just for me… It’s for all of us. I want us to celebrate a new beginning not just for Chester and me… but for our packs and new friendships,” Nan said, wrapping an atin around me and another one around Irene, pulling us both close. Tears filled her eyes as she grew sentimental. 
“I love the sentiment,” Irene said, patting her back. “But if you run your hair and makeup, I’m going to kill you. Keep those tears in, girl…” 
“I’m trying,” Nan whimpered, making me burst out laughing. 
“Well, try harder,” Irene said, pulling out of her arms. “Seriously it took me HOURS, Nan.” 
I smiled at my friends. 
“As much as I love listening to your bickering, I’m still not sure what to do,” I told them, holding up the gorgeous purple maid of honor dress that Sabrina stitched for me. “I don’t fit in this anymore.” 
Nan’s eyes grew wide with worry, but Irene, calm and collected, much like her father, pulled out her phone. 
“Give me a second,” she said, tapping away on her phone. After a second, she looked up with a grin. 
“Sabrina is on her way. She already has another dress made… it needs some tweaking, but she made it for the off chance that you popped before the wedding. So it’s the same dress, but larger. 
I let out a breath of relief. 
She really did think of everything. 
Irene finally finished getting Nan dressed, and he was breathtaking in her white wedding gown. She looked like a princess, and it took my breath away. Now it’s my turn to cry as I stared at my best friend. 
4 
“You are gorgeous,” I whimpered, wanting to hug her, but afraid Nan would scold 
me. 
“You are just hormonal,” Nan said, holding back her own tears. 
“Maybe, but that doesn’t mean you aren’t stunning, Nan,” I replied. 
Not long, Sabrina was joining us in my room with the new dress. It was larger, a little too big… she had to make some adjustments so that it would fit, but once she was done, I felt pretty and not at all fat from pregnancy. 
“Now we all look hot,” Irene said with a grin. “Now, seriously. We have to get to that church before we are late… we cannot have the bride being late.” 
We chuckled and soon, we were at the church; the wedding ceremony was held at the Silver Crescent church, while the reception was being held at the Carter resort, which was fitting, seeming Nar was one of Patrick Carter’s best employees. 
I was honestly surprised to see that Delta Carter was at the wedding, but as I peeked in from behind the scenes to glance at the guests, I saw him seated on Nan’s side, a show of support to her. 
1/3 
Chapter 719 
+25 BONUS 
Nan didn’t have any family, so my family sat on her side, and there were a few friends as well. Chester was kind of in the same boat with family, but he did have a few, along with his friends and some of the Silver Crescent kitchen staff, whom he had grown close to over the years. 
Overall, it was a small wedding, but the church was beautifully decorated thanks to Irene. 
I had no idea she loved wedding planning so much; it turns out, it’s a skill and a passion not even she knew she had. 
“Hey,” Lukas said, stepping beside me. “I guess I’ll be walking you down the aisle. They asked me to be a groomsmen.” 
“Isn’t it the best man that walks the maid of honor down the aisle?‘ I teased. 
He shrugged. 
“He doesn’t have a best man, so I guess you’re stuck with me.“. 
He grinned at me, and I grinned back. 
It was good to see him, and I was just about to hug him and tell him that, but a low growl stopped me. “Think again,” the familiar voice said from behind me, making Lukas’s eyes widen and his face pale. 
I didn’t need to turn to see who it was, but I still did because I was surprised that he was there. “I’m the best man, and the only one allowed to walk my mate down the aisle.” 6 
###Take 720
Chapter 720 
Judy’s POV 
“Gavin, you came!” I nearly squealed as I wrapped my arms around him; 8 days without my mate had been brutal. I had missed him so much it was painful. Tears sprang to my eyes, and I had nothing to blame other than these damn pregnancy hormones; they had been so bad today… worst than they’ve ever been, and I’m assuming it was because I finally popped. 
Gavin held me, his face buried in my neck, sending waves of warmth through my body with each breath he took. 
“Did you think I would miss this?” He asked, pulling back slightly to look down at me. 
“I thought you were going to be too busy to return,” I admitted. “I know Chester wanted you as his best man, but you’ve been so busy tending to Levi’s territory, I didn’t think you’d come back this soon. You were scheduled to come back next week.” 
He pressed his lips to my forehead. 
“I wanted to surprise you,” he admitted. “I would never miss this, plus no man is allowed to walk with my mate down the aisle other than me…” 
I blinked up at him, a smile threatening my lips, but I wanted to tell him that Lukas was harmless. However, Lukas beat me to it. He had his hands held up, and he took a step away. 
“I swear, I didn’t mean anything by it. They asked me to be a stand–in because they didn’t think you were coming, Alpha I would never try to get with your mate. I don’t have a death wish,” Lukas explained, a slight tremor in his voice. 
Despite Lukas having Lycan blood because of his uncle, Mica, he still cowers under the scrutiny of Gavin. 
Gavin glanced at Lukas, a frown marring his lips, though he didn’t look threatening, and his eyes almost glinted with 
amusement. 
“Go find your seat, Lukas. We will talk later,” Gavin said, his 
eyes narrowed. 
Lukas‘ face paled, and he swallowed, his Adam’s apple moving from the notion. 
“Y…yes, Alpha,” Lukas said; he didn’t bother looking at me as he walked to his seat on the other side of the wall we stood behind. 
I sighed; I was hoping to become friends with him again after Gavin scared him off the first time. 
Looking up at Gavin, I folded my arms across 
my chest. 
“I never yelled at you for scaring him off the first time,” I said, narrowing my eyes at him. “How could you do that? He was my friend… nothing more.” 
“I don’t like other men sniffing around what’s mine,” he told me, his brows raised. “Is that a problem that I’m protective?” 
told him “Even before you knew I was your mate, you still scared him 
“It’s a problem when it interferes with my friendships,” away…” 
“Because even then, I knew you were mine,” he told 
My cheeks flushed at his admittance, and I nibbled on 
with a slight shrug. 
lower lip 
“Careful… keep biting that lip and we won’t make it down that aisle,” Gavin said, his eyes fixed on my lips and his with desire. 
eyes 
dark 
I released my lip from my teeth, my mouth falling open. I slapped his arm, snapping him back to the present moment. 
‘Gavin!” I scolded, but I couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled out of me. 
He shrugged, and then he bent and kissed me lightly on the lips. 
Chapter 720 
+25 BONUS 
“I’m just saying,” he murmured against my thouth. 
Tkissed him softly on the lips before I pulled back. 
“Lukas helped me a lot in college,” I told him. “If it weren’t for our study sessions, I don’t know if I would have been able to get through finals…” 
His eyes narrowed for a moment. 
“He means a lot to you.” 
It wasn’t a question, but is still nodded, feeling tears well up in the corners of my eyes. I hated these hormones; they were making me cry way too much. 
I felt Gavin’s warm touch on my cheek as he wiped away a stray tear that I didn’t know had fallen. I looked up at him and noticed that he was staring down at my belly, which made my cheeks flame hotter. 
“You’ve rounded,” he whispered, his hands flying to my stomach. 
I nodded, unable to hide the smile on my lips. 
“I did,” I told him. 
Now both of his hands were on my belly, and I felt the warmth of his touch coursing through me. His eyes had softened drastically, and he looked like he was about to cry himself. It would have been comical if I weren’t such a hormonal mess. 
“You’re beautiful,” he whispered, his eyes meeting mine. 
I opened my mouth to say something, but I was interrupted by Irene. 
“Dad! You made it,” Irene said, a smile on her face. “We are about to get started. I’m assuming you’re still taking Judy down the aisle?” 
Gavin finally pulled his eyes away from me to look at his daughter, and he nodded. 
“You’ve assumed correctly,” he said, his arm wrapping around my waist. 
“You knew he’d be here, didn’t you?” I asked Irene, who only smiled wider. 
“Of course,” she said with a wink. “He might be busy, but he’d never miss this, and he’s never going to be too busy for his mate. 
I knew the second he found out that Lukas was here, he’d come right away.” 
###Take 721
Chapter 721 
My eyes grew wide as I stared up at him. 
“That’s why you came back” I asked, almost hurt. “To make sure Lukas stayed away from me?” 
“That is not why I came back,” Gavin corrected. “I was always planning on being here… it was just a happy coincidence.” His words made Irene laugh, but she stood when another person joined us. I smiled when I watched her get wrapped up in a warm embrace from behind, and I watched her melt completely and utterly. 
Gavin rolled his eyes, but he 
“Are you behaving?” A low cheeks flushed. 
stop it from happening. 
spoke, sending vibrations through Irene’s body, I assumed because she trembled as her 
“Always,” she teased, leaning her head to the side to give him better access to the nape of her neck. He planted a kiss right on the spot he plans to mark her once this wedding stuff is done, or she’s told me. 
“You’re looking quite dashing, Chuck,” I told Irene’s mate, who glanced up at me and smiled. 
“I hate suits, but I’d do and wear just about anything for this beauty in my arms,” Chuck said, winking, making me laugh. 
“She’s lucky to have you,” I told him. 
‘Okay, we need to get the show on the road before Nan makes a run for it,” Irene said, pulling herself from Chuck’s embrace. 
“Is that a possibility?” Gavin asked, raising his brows. 
I turned to look at him while Irene and Chuck disappeared to find the bride. 
“She had some cold feet this morning,” I told him. “But I don’t think she’d run away from her wedding. She loves Chester more than anything, and I know they are going to make this work.” 
He nodded as he bent to kiss me lightly on the lips, not wanting to mess up my makeup any more than it already was messed up thanks to these damn pregnancy hormones. 
“Okay, everybody, we are ready! It’s go time!” 
1 
Irene rushed back with Nan, and in tow, the nervous look on her face made me laugh. I looked up at Gavin, leaning into him. I wondered what our wedding would be like if we ever were to get married. Gavin had never brought up marriage before; he brought up making me his Luna… but never marriage. 
He was married once a long time ago to Irene’s mother, and I dind’t think he’d want to get married again. The thought made me a little sad because I always imagined that I would marry my mate but I suppose it didn’t matter. We had already marked each other, and in the werewolf world, that was stronger than marriage. 
Then again, Ethan and I had marked each other when we were teens, and things didn’t work out the way I wanted. 
“I’m so nervous,” Nan admitted as she stood behind me in the lineup. 
I smiled over my shoulder at her. 
“You are gorgeous, and you’re marrying your mate. You shouldn’t be nervous at all,” I assured her. “Plus, you have a group of friends who would do anything for you and stand by your side until the end. So, if Chester fucks up, I’ll kick his ass.” 
This made Nan smile through her tears. 
“Thanks, Judy,” she breathed. 
I wrapped an arm through Gavin’s as the music started, and then one by one, we each walked down the aisle. It was a small wedding party. 
1/3 
Chapter 721 
+25 BONUS 
First it was Irene and Chuck, then Gavin and the… followed by Nan who wanted to walk herself down the aisle despite my father’s refusal to walk with her. Nan didn’t have a father to give her away, and she’s always been independent, so she decided to give herself away, which, honestly, spoke volumes, and it was inspiring. 
As I walked down the aisle, I noted all the familiar faces who had gathered to witness this occasion. I smiled when my eyes found my mother, who was holding Emalyn in her arms; my heart swelled at the sight, and I thought of her holding my baby as well 
When we reached the end of the aisle, Gavin kissed my temple. 
“Let’s talk after,” he whispered, and I nodded before parting ways 
I smiled at Chester as I walked by him to stand beside Irene. He looked just as nervous as Nan did. 
The second the wedding music grew louder, and Nan made herself known, everybody stood and was in complete awe of her beauty, especially Chester, whose worries immediately melted off his face, and now all that was placed in his eyes was love and admiration for the woman he was about to marry. 
The worries seemed to be gone from Nans‘ face as well as she locked eyes with her mate, a smile radiantly lighting from her features. 
I knew at that moment that everything was going to be okay. 
I looked at Gavin, who wasn’t looking at Chester or Nan… his eyes were only on me. 
2 
###Take 722
Chapter 722 
Gavin’s POV 
Nan and Chester walked hand in hand as their song played; Chester wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her close, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, smiling up at him with alle love and admiration that her heart could carry. They did make a wonderful couple; Chester had been helping her with her coking business, and I spoke to Patrick already, apparently, he was planning on funding her to help her run her restaurant. 
“She’s my best employee. I was going to tell her afterwards,” Patrick told me, his eyes traveling to Nan from across the room. ” I’ve tasted her cooking, and she’s incredible in the kitchen. She deserves a chance at making her dreams a reality.” 
Patrick shrugged in his usual manner, shoving his hands in his pockets. I knew Patrick was a softy at heart, and he’d never let Nan or anyone he took under his wing struggle. Nan didn’t grow up with a family; the only family she had was Judy and her family. Patrick knew this and treated Nan as if she were his daughter. 
“You’re a good man,” I said, squeezing his shoulder. “She’s lucky to have you in her corner.” 
“It seems she has a lot of people in her corner,” Patrick said, looking around the room at the gathering. “Don’t tell her just yet, though; I want the funding to be a surprise. I even have the place picked out for her. Chester knows and has been helping me set things up.” 
I nodded. 
“Well, if you need extra help, let me know. I’ll be happy to do it.” 
Patrick nodded in return before returning to his table. I turned to look at Judy, who was seated with the rest of the wedding party, her eyes fixed on Nan and Chester as they danced in the center of everybody. 
I had to admit, the place looked gorgeous. It was a nice–looking place, considering it was the most popular resort in the territory, but Irene certainly outdid herself. I honestly had no idea she was this good at wedding planning; she had always wanted to be a clothing designer. She had her own brand and everything, but I wondered if maybe event planning was her true calling. She hadn’t created a new line in a long time; she said she was taking a small break from designing clothes… but she had no problems planning this gorgeous wedding. 
She sat with Chuck, someone I’m still getting used to. He recently came back from his own pack to see Irene and be there for the wedding Irene spent months planning. They have a long–distance relationship right now; Chuck was just named Alpha of his own pack in Jeremy’s territory, and there had been talks about him taking Irene back with him. I wasn’t sure how I felt about my daughter being in someone else’s territory, but I knew I couldn’t keep her away from her mate. 
I started back towards the wedding party table, back to my own mate, my heart swelling as I neared her. 
“Alpha,” I was stopped when Sampson approached. “Your daughter outdid herself; this is incredible. Nan is very lucky to have the Landry’s support.” 
I nodded. 
“I’m glad you were able to come, Sampson,” I said in return, glancing over his shoulder at Lucy, who trailed behind him. She beamed up at me; her smile lighting her face. 
“We are just happy to be invited,” Sampson replied, taking his mate’s hand. 
“You’re Nan’s Alpha. Of course you’d be invited,” I told him. 
My eyes found Lukas, who was seated at his own table; he kept his gaze fixed on his empty plate. The meals hadn’t been bought out yet and wouldn’t until the ned of the first dance. I could already smell the food in the kitchen, and I knew it was all of Nan’s favorite dishes that she had cooked herself at one point or another 1 
‘If you’ll excuse me,” I said, excusing myself from Sampson and Lucy. 
As much as I wanted to sit by my mate and bask in her nearness, there was something else I needed to do first. 
1/3 
Chapter 722 
+25 BONUS 
Lukas didn’t see me coming at first, not until twas right beside him. His entire body tensed, and he looked up at me, wide, and I saw the panic in his expression. His face had gone pale most immediately, and it was almost funny. 
“WE need to talk,” I told him, leaving no room for arguments. 
his eyes 
“I… I swear I hadn’t gone near her since earlier,” Lukas said, holding his hands up in defense. “I promise I wouldn’t go against you, Alpha. You have nothing to worry bout. Judy and I were only ends… nothing more…” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
X 
GET IT NOW 
###Take 723
Chapter 723 
“Just come with me,” I said, my tone low as I turned away and started to walk in a more secluded area. 
I tell Lukas behind me, and I also could sense his anxiety; it was bringing me joy, and I had to stifle a laugh. 
I also felt Judy’s curiosity and worry; she noticed me taking Lukas way, and I knew it wouldn’t be long before she followed us. 
Once we were far enough away, I turned to look at him. 
“I swear, nothing happened between Judy and me… neither of us would cross that line and-” 
I held up my hand to silence him. 
“Let me speak,” I said, my eyes narrowed. “I know we didn’t get off on the right foot, and I’m aware that it’s mainly my fault. I reacted before asking questions… even before I realized Judy was my mate, I was possessive over her. I thought of her as mine before I could admit to myself, and seeing you make her smile made something break inside of me… I took it out on you, and for that, I apologize.” 
Lukas opened his mouth to say something, but then closed it, his eyes wide with alarm. He was waiting for the other shoe to drop. 
“Uh… thank you?” He said, his brows furrowed. “I appreciate the apology, Alpha. But it’s not necessary. I understand, and I will keep my distance.” 
“Normally, I would have agreed with you about keeping your distance, but sadly, you are Judy’s friend, and she’s been upset about losing you from her small circle. I just ask that you aren’t alone with her and you keep your hands to yourself,” I warned, my eyes narrowed. 
His eyes grew wide. 
“Y…yes, Alpha. I promise, I won’t touch her. T… thank you,” he stammered, bowing his head to me. 
“That is, if you even have time for a friendship,” I stated casually. There is something else I’d like to discuss with you.” 
He looked confused and was about to reply, but Judy’s voice cut through; her panicked sound made me turn to look at her, my wolf on edge as her anxiety grew even more. 
“Please don’t hurt him,” Judy said, rushing towards us, her heart beating so loudly that I could hear it without being near her.” Nothing happened between us, Gavin, and I’m not sure how many times I have to tell you.” 
She had tears in her eyes; her hormones had been all over the place today, and it made me smile. I loved my pregnant mate, and I wanted to pull her into my arms and tell her just how much I loved her, but that was going to have to wait for right now. 
“Actually, he told me that we can be friends. I just can’t be alone with you, and I have to keep my hands to myself, which is completely understandable,” Lukas said, giving a nervous laugh. 
Judy’s eyes widened. 
“Wait, you told him we can be friends?” Judy asked, amazed in her tone. “Seriously?” 
I nodded. 
“Yes,” I replied. “Your friendships are important, and for reasons don’t know, Lukas is important to you. I don’t want to take that away or be the reason for your tears.” 
Her eyes welled up with even more tears, proving my point. She wrapped her arms around me, hugging me close. 
“I love you,” she whispered. “Thank you.” 
I held her tightly in return, not wanting to let her go; she smelled so good, and my wolf was in complete bliss being in her presence. 
1/3 
Chapter 723 
+25 BONUS 
“Alpha, you said there was more you wanted to discuss?” Lukas asked, taking me out of my thoughts. 
“Oh yes,” I said, turning to look at him. “There was something I wanted ot discuss with you, Lukas. Your uncle and I have been talking” 
“If this is about school, I have been working hard. Please don’t get my scholarship revoked…” Lukas rambled nervously. 
I remembered my earlier threat to get his scholarship revoked if he continued to hang around Judy. I stifled a smile as I shook my head. 
“You misunderstand; this isn’t about your scholarship. As you know, Levi is in prison until the unforeseen future, and his territory is without a Lycan… After a back and forth, your uncle suggested perhaps you would make a good fit. You are majoring in politics after all, and apparently you’ve always shown interest in your uncle’s career.” 
Judy gasped, her eyes wide as she stared between me and Lukas. 
“W…what?” Lukas asked, his eyes wide and his expression just as shocked. 
“I’m asking… would you want to take over Levi’s spot as a Lycan chairman, and take over his territory?” 
###Take 724
Chapter 724 
Chapter 724 
Judy’s POV 
“You’re asking me to take over Levi’s territory? W… wouldn’t that make me a chairman?” Lukas asked, his eyes wide with shock. 1 
“Yes, it would. There is an empty chair now, and it’s yours if your want it,” Gavin told him. His tone was surprisingly gentle, and his eyes were compassionate. 
“What about school, though? I’ve worked so hard to get to this point, and it feels like it’s for nothing if I’m just given the title because of my uncle,” Lukas said, his concerns valid. 
“That isn’t the reason you are given the title, Lukas. Sure, Mica put in a good word for you and opened up the idea of that option, but I went through your successes, in and out of school; I’ve seen your resume, I’ve spoken to your professors… You are more than qualified for this position. Your uncle isn’t the reason for this offer; your work ethics, experience, and morals are what make you the best candidate. You know what you need to do to get ahead, and I admire that. When I told you to stay away from Judy and threatened your scholarship, you backed down without a fight, and I knew it killed you on the inside.” 
At that point, Gavin put an arm around me and pulled me close to him. 
“It meant a lot that you obeyed my wishes and respected my mate. It would be an honor if you accept this position. Of course, you can finish school and get your degree before you officially take on the role… but the position is yours when you are ready for 
it.” 
Lukas looked like he wanted to cry; he was suppressing a happy cheer, and it made me smile. I teared up watching the many emotions crossing his face. He looked at me, a glimmer of excitement in his gaze, and I couldn’t help but smile at him. He looked back at Gavin and held out his hand to shake it, squaring his shoulders and trying to look just as important and powerful. 
It was oddly endearing. 
“It would be an honor to accept this position as a Lycan Chairman, Alpha Landry,” Lukas said, his tone no longer wavering. Gavin nodded and took his hand in a firm handshake to seal the deal. Then, like a young boy, he grinned. 
“I’m going to call my mom,” he said, making me burst out laughing as he rushed away. Gavin smiled too, watching him disappear around the corner. 
“That was a nice thing you did for him,” I said, leaning against him, basking in the warmth and comfort he brought me. 
“Yeah, well… I feel like I kind of owed him after scaring him so badly,” Gavin admitted. “But I do think he’s the best candidate for the position, and he’ll do way better than Levi ever did.” 
“You really think so?” I asked, peeking up at him. 
He looked down at me, bringing his lips to mine. 
“Yes,” he whispered against my mouth. “I really do.” 
For a moment, I let myself melt into him. I loved him so much, and my heart was so full, I thought it was going to explode. “Dad, Judy… they are serving the meals,” Irene said as she walked towards us. “We need to take our seats.” 
I nodded and followed Irene back to the reception area, sitting beside Gavin at the wedding party table, right next to my best friend, who looked stunning in her dress. It wasn’t the same dress as the one she wore for the ceremony; this one was off white and shorter…..but it was just as beautiful. It was created for her to wear during the reception for easy movements and to show off her killer body.. 
“I’m starving,” Nan admitted as the staff started to serve the food. “I hadn’t eaten in like 2 days.‘ 
“What, why?” I asked, staring at her with wide eyes. 
1/3 
Chapter 724 
“I was worried I wouldn’t look good for the wedding and fit in the dress,” she admitted. “I know Sabrina could have fixed it, but 
I was really scared. I just wanted to look perfect.” 
“Nan, you’ve always looked perfect,” 1 assured her. 
She smiled at me, but her attention was drawn to the plate that was placed in front of her. 
“Finally,” she breathed. 
A plate was placed in front of me and initially, it smelled really good, but there was something on the plate that gave me a nauseous feeling in the pit of my stomach. I swallowed it down, though, not wanting to ruin the event. 2 
I mainly just played with the food on my plate as I listened to the chatter all around me. Glasses clinked as speeches were made, and tears were finally shed. Now that the main event was over, Irene didn’t mind the crying… in fact, she was crying herself. Chuck was holding her and gazing down at her as she let herself cry in his arms. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Take 725
Chapter 725 
Everything was so beautiful, and for the most part, the food was delicious…well, the food that I managed to swallow down without gagging. 
It was like the baby was refusing to eat to stomach whatever it was that was on my plate. 
“Are you okay?” Gavin asked, staring down at my almost untouched plate. 
“Yeah, I guess I’m not as hungry as I thought,” I told him, not wanting him to worry and cause a fuss in the middle of Nan’s wedding. 
“You haven’t eaten all day,” Gavin told me, his brows furrowed. “I can tell when you’re lying.” 
“How did you know I hadn’t eaten all day?” 
For a moment, he looked a bit sheepish. 
“I’ve had Irene keeping tabs on you,” he admitted. “I hadn’t been here in 8 days, and I was worried. Can you blame me? You’re my pregnant mate…” 
He looked so cute when he admitted this that I couldn’t help but lean in and kiss him sweetly on the lips. 
“I love you,” I whispered against him. “You have nothing to worry about… It’s okay.” 
“Now it’s time for the maid of honor to make a speech!” Irene announced, clinking her fork against her glass. She smiled at me, winking. 
I had prepared a speech, but suddenly, all the words were washed out of my head. Nan was watching me, expectantly, and I took in a deep breath before standing. 
I cleared my throat, the room falling silent as all eyes turned in my direction. As I stood, Gavin took hold of my hand, a show of silent support, and suddenly, my worries melted away. 
“Hey everyone… most of you already know me, but for those of you who don’t, I’m Judy… the bride’s best friend. Nan had been my best friend for my entire life… she’s my family. She was there for me when no one else was… she’s been through so much in her life and for so long, I was the only one she could turn to. But now, she has Chester, and I watched Nan’s walls crumble down around her. Chester makes her shine in a way that I had never seen before… his love for her is clear, and I couldn’t be happier that they finally found one another. Not only are they fated mates, but they are soul mates as well… they are everything…” 
My voice trailed off for a moment as Nan leaned into Chester, his arms draping around her protectively. I could feel their love for each other, and it was intoxicating. It also almost made me a little sad to watch their affection. I always saw myself getting married in this lifetime… I thought once I found my mate, he would mark me and then marry me because he couldn’t see himself with anyone else… I thought he’d make it known that I was it for him. 1 
“Nan and I used to talk about our futures growing up…” I said, my voice a bit softer as the memory surfaced in my mind. “We’d always say we’d have a combined wedding and get married at the same time…” My hand suddenly felt weak in Gavin’s grip as I fought the tears. “Even though I couldn’t be by her side and get married to her… I’m so honored to be by her side as her maid of honor and be here to support her every step of the way. I just hope you know, Nan, that I will always be here when you need me. No matter where life takes us…” 
My words are stopped by a choking sob that escapes me. Nan reaches out and pats my arm affectionately, tears glistening in her 
eyes. 
“I love you, Nan,” I told her. “You will always be my sister.” 
“I love you too,” Nan replied. “Always and forever.” 
I raised my glass, which was filled with apple juice. 
“To Nan and Chester,” I said, pausing as everyone echoed my cheer. 
Chapter 725 
I took a sip of my juice as I sat back down. There was a small round of claps before the meal continued, everyone chatting away as they ate their food. I stared down at my barely touched plate, that sick feeling returning to my belly. I took a deep breath, steadying my racing heart and swallowing down the bile that threatened my throat. 
I felt Gavin’s eyes on me and the worry that was coursing throughim, but I couldn’t look at him… not right now… not while! was fighting to keep the small amount of food I kept down. 
I quickly stood to my feet. 3 
“I need to use the restroom,” I said and darted out of the room without another word. 
###Take 726
Chapter 726 
Gavin’s POV 
Judy’s speech was incredible and well thought out… though I knew it stirred some deep emotions within her. I could see the look on her face when she spoke about having a joint wedding. There was a nagging feeling inside of me because I couldn’t give that to her. Even if there was time… I wouldn’t have given that to her. Not because I didn’t want to get married, but because when I do marry her, I want our wedding to be all about us and nobody else. I want to look my wife in the eyes and tell her I love her in front of a room full of people who were there to celebrate our joining. 
For a long time, I told myself I would never get married again. I said that I would never take another mate again… but that changed after I marked Judy and discovered that she was my second chance mate. Everything changed since that moment; she was the mother of my future baby and the woman I planned to spend the rest of my life with. 
I was momentarily stunned with Judy randomly got up and ran out of the room after her speech, so I hadn’t had much time to think about it. I just stared after her… she went in the direction of the bathrooms. 
I quickly hurried after my pregnant mate, not bothering to knock on the women’s room door before I entered. I locked the door behind me as I made my way through each stall until I heard her soft sobs and gagging sounds. I paused outside the stall do and leaned against it. 
“Judy, unlock the door,” I told her, keeping my tone calm. 
“I don’t want you to seem like this way,” she said, before I heard her vomiting again. 1 
“You’re my mate… I want to see you every way that I can,” I told her. “Please, unlock the door.” 
After a pause, I heard the soft clicking of the stall door, and I pushed it open. There wasn’t enough room to fit us both comfortably, so I kept the door open as I knelt behind her. 
Her hair had loosened from its hold, so I pulled it out of her face to keep it from getting vomit all within it. Her face was pale, and her dress had wet blotches on the front of t from her drool. 
“This is so embarrassing,” Judy sobbed, with makeup smears all over her face. “I’m such a mess…” 
“You’re beautiful,” I said, before much thought. 
She looked over her shoulder at me, her eyes narrowed. (1 
“You’re a fool,” she replied. “Look at me…” 
“I am looking at you,” I said to her. “I see you and you are beautiful…” 
“Judy?” I heard Irene’s voice coming from the bathroom door. “Are you okay?” 
Judy sighed and leaned against the stall wall. I reached around the flushed the toilet, hating that my mate was in this position… I wanted to take away the pain and make her feel better. 
“I’m humiliated,” Judy murmured. “I hate this…” 
“I don’t think anyone other than the wedding party noticed,” she assured her, stepping closer. “I brought some supplies…. Some makeup… toothbrush and toothpaste, along with mouthwash. Let’s get you cleaned up.” 
“Thank you,” Judy said as she stood to her feet. 
“How are you feeling?” I asked her, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. 
“My stomach is empty, so there’s nothing left to vomit,” she said with a slight shrug. 
I kissed her forehead. 
“I’ll be right outside if you need me,” I assured her. 
1/3 
Chapter 726 
+15 
BONUS 
She 
nodded, and 11 
left her in 
the bathroom in the 
care 
of my daughter. . When 
[u 
returned to the reception, 
they were 
about 
to cut 
the cake. 
“How’s Judy?” Nan asked 
as I 
I approached. 
“She’s fine. She’ll be out soon,” I told her. 
! 
###Take 727
Chapter 727 
She nodded. 
“We should wait to cut the cake,” Nan said, glancing at Chester. 
“She wouldn’t want you to put your wedding on hold for her. It might make her feel worse,” I said, looking between the two of them. “Just resume and she will join us soon.” 
Judy returned just as they finished cutting the cake; Nan was quick to apologize, but Judy waved off her concern. Judy looked gorgeous, and I was impressed with Irene’s quick handwork. 
After a while, I got to talking to Sampson and a few others who were there. Most of the mates were on the dance floor dancing, and that was when I noticed Judy wasn’t amongst them. Frowning I looked around, not liking that I dind’t know where my mate was. My wolf quickly caught her scent, and we followed it through the reception until we reached the balcony. 
Judy stood over the terrace; her eyes fixated on the city below and Her hands gently holding the railing. She looked almost peaceful, and it was clear that she was lost in thought. 
I thought at that moment, she had never looked more beautiful; even if her hair was still slightly a mess, and despite the makeup, her cheeks were flushed from her earlier vomiting session. Not to mention the stain on her dress that Irene was to recover. 
She hadn’t noticed me coming… or if she did, she didn’t make it known. 
I closed the balcony door behind me, the music and chatter from the reception quieting as the shut door blocked out the sound. stepped behind her, my fingers grazing her hips, making her jerk slightly. 
“Hey…” she said, her voice coming out softer than usual. “I just stepped out here to get some air. I hope I didn’t worry you.” 
“I’m always worried when I don’t have my eyes on you,” I admitted. She leaned back into me, resting her body weight against mine as if she could no longer manage it on her own. I was okay with that, though; I wanted to hold her up when she couldn’t hold herself. I wanted to be her rock… I wanted to be her everything. 
The way the moonlight cascaded its rays down on her fair complexion made her shine in a way that took my breath away. 
I tucked a strand of hair behind her ear without taking my eyes off hers. A small smile tugged at the corner of her lips. 
And yet, I could still see the vulnerability and insecurity behind her gaze. 
“You have no idea how beautiful you look right now, do you?” I asked, my voice a low whisper, 
She raised her brows at me, and I could see she was about to say something about the stain on her dress or the fact that her hair and makeup were ruined despite Irene’s efforts, but I stopped her before she could. 
“Don’t,” I said, a little too sharply. “Don’t do that. Don’t look at me like I’m crazy… like you’re anything less than the most breathtaking thing I’ve ever seen. Tonight, I sat there helplessly and watched you crumble in that bathroom. I held your hair and rubbed your back while you got sick… I watched you sob and shake, thinking you were breaking in front of my eyes. But you weren’t breaking… nothing could ever break you. You’re the strongest woman I have ever known, Judy.” 
She turned around my arms, her eyes glistening with fresh tears. 
“I don’t feel very strong tonight,” she admitted, her tone coming out weak. 
I pressed my forehead against hers. 
“That’s okay,” I whispered. “I can be strong for both of us. You give me strength every day… even when I’m not near you, you still give me strength. For once, let me give you strength. Let me be your anchor…” 
1/2 
Ch 
###Take 728
apter 728 
“Gavin 
“In 
your speech earlier, you mentioned that in your childhood, you wanted a joint wedding with your best friend,” I said, cutting off whatever she was about to say. She blinked up at me, surprised but after a moment, she nodded slowly. 
“I did say that, yes,” she confirmed. 
“It got me thinking that I could never give you that,” I admitted, hating how her face fell a little and the light dimmed from her eyes. “I could never give you the wedding you wanted as a child…‘ 
She nodded. 
“I know…” she said, her voice coming out as a broken whisper. 
She was trying to hide away her pain, but I could feel it because of our mate bond. I could feel it as if it were my own. She looked away for a moment; holding my gaze had become too painful. 
“I could never give you that wedding because when I marry you, Judy, I want that day to be all about us,” I told her, dipping my head to capture her eyes again. “I would never want to share that moment with anyone else. When I marry you, it won’t be at * tail end of someone else’s vows. It’s our day. Just you. Just me. Because you deserve every bit of it.” 
Her breathing got caught in her throat as she sucked in sharp breath; realization dawning on her. 
“Gavin…” she whispered, her eyes holding mine steady. 
I dipped my head lower, capturing her lips with mine, tasting her because I couldn’t stand not tasting her for a second longer. My tongue slid across her bottom lip, and she parted her mouth to let me in, but I didn’t accept the invitation because I wasn’t done yet.. 
I stopped the kiss, smiling when she made a small, distressed sound from the loss of contact. 
“You healed parts of me that I didn’t think could heal. You filled me with something that I thought died a long time ago,” I whispered against her lips. “You filled my house with life and laughter after it’s been empty for so long. You thawed a heart that was kept frozen and turned my house into a home again.” 
Tears spilled from her cheeks, and her lips trembled. I kissed her lightly on the lips before pulling back. 
I put my hands on her rounded belly, feeling our baby between us. 
“And now you are giving me and my family the greatest gift we could ever ask for,” I told her. “You are giving us hope for a better future… You are completing our family.” 
“I love you,” she whispered, her tone quivering. “And your children.” 
4 
I smiled down at her, my heart swelling with so much love I thought it was going to burst. I pulled away from her even more, my arms dropped from her waist, and she frowned at the loss of contact as her hands fell to her sides as well. I reached into my suit pocket, pulling something out that’s been weighing me down all night. 3 
I wasn’t sure when the right moment for this would be; I had this ring picked out for weeks, and so many times I had wanted to give it to her, but none of those moments felt right. 
At least not until now. 
Her eyes grew large when she saw the black velvet box in my hands, and when I opened it, her hands flew to her mouth as she gasped. 
“Marry me,” I said it as a command, though it was actually a question. “Let me spend every day proving to you that even when you’re a mess, even when life gets hard, and complicated and messy, you’ll never stop being one of the most extraordinary things that’s ever happened to me. I want you as my Luna, my mate, the mother of my children… and as my wife.” 11 
###Take 729
Judy’s POV 
Tears shimmered in my eyes, making his face a bit blurry as I tried to focus on him. The way the moonlight captured the sincerity in his eyes, a slight nervous smile tugging on the corner of his lips, the sound of his rapid heart beating, made me want to press my palm against it and feel it against my skin, reminding he that every beat of his heart was for me. 
I looked down at the ring, still shocked that he was holding it in his hands. When had he gotten this ring? 
It was breathtaking. 
d a story. The center stone was a round–cut 
It wasn’t just a diamond on a band, and it wasn’t over–the–top flashy either… it diamond, not oversized or gaudy, but clear and brilliant. The kind that caught he light and seemed to hold it. On either side, two smaller deep sapphire stones rested, their color striking midnight blue, like the night sky we were standing under. 
The bad itself was platinum, smooth; and strong, but engraved on the inside was a simple phrase in Gavin’s handwriting – “My Moon.” 
It was elegant, timeless, and undeniably him powerful, yet understated, just like the man standing in front of me. 
Just like my mate. 
Despite the tears and the mood of the moment, a laugh bubbled out of me. He raised his brows as I laughed, tears still cling to my lashes. 
“Should I guess what is so funny?” Gavinn asked, his tone airy as he spoke. 
I shook my head, unable to believe that this moment was a happening… a proposal I wasn’t expecting was right in front of me. 
“You’re proposing to me now? When I’m covered in stains and my hair is a mess… my makeup is running and look at me… I’m bloated like a whale,” I said, motioning to my belly. “You couldn’t wait until I was halfway decent?” 
His expression softened as his hand rubbed soothing circles on my small baby bump. 
“You’ve never looked more beautiful to me,” he told me, his voice low and for my ears alone. I could see the passion in his gaze as he looked down at me, and it only made my breathing hitch. 
He reached up and wiped the tears that escaped my eyes off my cheeks, tears I hadn’t even known fell. I let out a choked sob as another laugh bubbled out of me; I probably looked like a crazy person at this point. 
Laughing and crying at the same time because of a proposal? Who does something like that? Only me, that’s who. 
“You’re impossible,” I choked out, my voice trembling with a hint of playfulness. “Proposing during my best friend’s wedding reception, while I’m a pregnant, hormonal mess. Do you have any idea how ridiculous this is?” 
I let out another choked sob as I swat at his chest, and he allowed me this moment to get my feelings out. Instead of pulling my hand away from his chest, I let my fingers linger for a moment. My hands were trembling, and I found myself curling my fingers, gripping onto his shirt for a moment as my laughter turned into a straight–up manic cry. 
I hated these pregnancy hormones. 
He stayed quiet, watching me, allowing me a moment to get myself together, but I could feel the worry and anxiety radiating off him from the mate bond. 
Ireleased his shirt, but I didn’t pull my hand, sniffling, I reached up and allowed my figners to graze his jaw, my tear filled and swollen eyes following each movement as I traced the outline of his incredible lips and brushing across his cheeks, like I couldn’t seem to stop touching him… like I couldn’t get enough of him. 
My eyes finally met his, the laughter and the sobbing died on my lips, leaving nothing but the sounds of our soft breaths as we 
stared at one another. 
1/3 
Chapter 729 
+15 BONUS 
The look of concern remained in his eyes, but he didn’t speak; he just watched me with a curiosity that made my heart skip a 
beat. 
“Do you…” I started, but then I stopped as I gathered my thoughts. The second time I spoke, my voice came out as a weaker whisper, like I was afraid he’d disappear if I spoke too loudly. “Do you have any idea how easy it is to say yes to you?” 
His expression softened, and the worry that was lingering in his eyes disappeared completely when the teasing edge to my voice melted away, leaving behind something raw and vulnerable. 
He closed the distance between us, wrapping his arms around my waist and pulling me into him. 
2/3 
###Take 730
My lips found his, and I kissed him as if my entire life depended on it; as if my heart couldn’t bear being away from him for a second longer. My wolf was practically hopping up and down at the fact that we were finally with our mate and she wasn’t going to let him go any time soon. 
He tried to deepen the kiss, his tongue asking for permission to enter my mouth, but I needed to say this last part before things got too far. 
I put my hands on his chest, giving him a gentle push to stop the kiss from escalating further. Reluctantly, he pulled his lips from mine, but kept his forehead pressed against mine. Our breaths mingling with one another as 
we fought to catch our breath. 
“Yes, Gavin…” I whispered, my eyes meeting his. “I’ll marry you. 
Without another word, he once again closed the distance, his lips were on mine before I could take another breath. This time, when his tongue asked for permission, I granted it. I parted my lips and allowed him to take his fill of me. He pulled me so tightly against im I thought I might fuse into his body. 
I let out a soft moan, the electric feeling of my mate almost too much to handle. He lifted me up and sat me on the railing over the edge. I wasn’t afraid, though; I knew Gavin would never allow anything to happen to me. He held me with a tenderness that made me melt. 
The softness of his tongue in my mouth made 
my core gush as I wrapped my legs around his waist, holding me to my bod his delicate fingers grazing up my thighs, pushing my dress up with it, and then I felt his fingers tucking into the linings of panties. 
He broke his kiss from mine to kiss down the nape of my neck, paying extra attention to the mark on my neck. 
I shivered against him, loving how he made me feel. 
I wanted him… I wanted him so badly. 
But here was not the right time or place to have him, and I was painfully made aware of that when laughter broke through my hazy thoughts. I could hear the distant sounds of the reception happening. They were outside now, though they couldn’t see us from where we were. I knew Nan and Chester were getting ready to leave for the first time as a married couple, and that was something I did not want to miss. 
“Gavin, we have to go,” I said, breathlessly as I put my hands on his chest. 
 
“A few more minutes,” he murmured, nipping at my earlobe. “I want to 
make love to my 
future wife.” 
I laughed against him, not fighting him, but also not participating anymore. 
“Nan and Chester are about to leave, and I want to say goodbye,” I told him. “We can continue where we left off later.” 
He groaned, but he didn’t argue. He planted one last kiss on the nape of my neck before pulling back, gazing down at me with so much love and admiration that it nearly brought me to my knees. 
“You’re right,” he sighed. “I don’t want you to resent me for making you miss their departure.” 
He leaned down and kissed the bridge of my nose. 
“But first,” he said, opening the ring box back up and taking it out “Let me see your finger.” 
“Is this wise? Getting engaged at my best friend’s wedding is one thing… but showing off a ring during her big day?” I asked, nibbling at the corner of my lip. 
“I’m not hiding this, Judy<” he told me, his eyes finding mine. “I want the world to know that you are not only my mate, but my future wife as well. We don’t have to make an announcement, but want my ring on your finger.” 
I blushed at his words as I presented my hand to him. He slid the ring on my finger, and I was shocked to find that it was the perfect fit. It glistened under the moonlight and made tears well up in my eyes again. 
1/3 
Chapter 730 
Before they could fall, Gavin cupped my face in his hands, and he wiped the invisible tears away. 
“No more crying,” he whispered. “I want nothing but smiles going forward, My Moon.” 
I smiled up at him and stood on my toes to press my lips to his. 
“I love you so much,” I whispered. 
He smiled against my lips before taking his hand into mine. 
“Now, let’s go wave farewell 
to 
your friends SO I can take you home and devour every 
inch 
 
+15 BONUS 
2/3 
###Take 731
Chapter 731 
Judy’s POV 
“Matt, go and get your shoes on!” I say as I walk past his bedroom door. 
My excitement was evident in my tone as 1 made my way down the stairs, smiling at Irene as I reached the bottom step. 
“I’ll go make sure he’s getting his shoes on,” Irene said as she walked past me. 
“Thanks,” I say. “We have to get going soon. I don’t want to be late.” 
“Nan will understand if we are a few minutes late. It didn’t help that you had morning sickness literally all morning.” 
This pregnancy was seriously getting to me; I was a little over 4 months pregnant, and I was already feeling the toll of this baby. I stared down at my small bump and sighed. 
“Are you ever going to let me eat food again?” I asked my unborn baby. 
“Talking to the baby again? You know it can’t hear you right?” Gavin said, walking around the corner with a smirk. 
I roll my eyes at him. 
“You don’t know that. She could be listening right now,” I said, closing the small gap between us so I could kiss him. 
“She?” 
I shrugged. 
“I think we are having a girl,” I say with a slight smile tugging at the corner of my lips. 
“And if we are having a boy?” 
“I’ll love him just as much,” I reply. 
He kisses me again, and just as he was about to deepen it… 
“Ew, get a room,” Matt said as he walked down the stairs, followed by Irene, who was laughing. 
“Oh, you’ll understand one day, little man,” Irene said, rubbing his head playfully. 
“Doubt it,” Matt said, crinkling his nose. “Kissing is gross.” 
“Says an 8–year–old,” Irene retorted. “But when you turn into a teenager, you’ll want to kiss all the pretty girls.” She mocks kissing noises, making his crinkle his nose even more. I laughed at their dynamics; I was glad to hear them bickering like real siblings again. For a while, Matt and Irene actively avoided one another since Irene moved back into the villa, but now they are getting their relationship back, and it warmed my heart to see it. 
“Are we finally ready?” Gavin asked, looking between his children and then at me. 
“Yes,” I told him, smiling. 
I was excited. Tonight was Nan’s big break… she was opening her very first resteraunt in the Silver Crescent pack, with the support of Delta Patrick Carter and course, Gavin. She had been working tirelessly since her wedding last month, since Delta Carter presented his sponsorship as a wedding gift. 
She had been a chaotic mess since returning from her honeymoon and Chester had taken some time off from his job at the mansion to help her make her dreams a reality. 
It was opening night for her; she spent weeks training a staff and putting everything up today, and now it was finally time to showcase all her hard work. 
The restaurant featured all of Nan’s best dishes that she’s created Herself over the years. 
1/3 
I was excited to watch my best friend blossom into the woman she was meant to be, with her mate by her side. 
Most of the place will be filled with friends and family, and a few pk members who want to show their support. 
Sampson and Lucy were also going to be there because Nati was off of theirs, and Lucy and Nan became friends since the wedding. 
After piling into the car, Gavin drove us through the pack until we reached the gorgeous building with the large sign that read: Howling Spoon. 
I smiled at the name that Nan chose for her restaurant. 
It was a small place, but it was completely Nan. The outside seating hadn’t quite been set up yet, but once it is set up, it’ll have a nice view of the packlands, especially the nightlife. 
I could see inside from the large floor–to–ceiling windows, which remained curtainless for right now. 
Nan was seated inside, speaking to Sampson and Lucy. She had a kid smile on her face, but I could tell from her eyes she was 
nervous. 
We weren’t the first to arrive, but as soon as we got there, others started to pile in as well, making the place look lively and packed. 1 
Nan’s eyes grew wide when she saw the crowd of familiar faces, all there to support her. 
Chester came out from the kitchen, his eyes also darting around at the crowd of people, and then he looked at Nan, his gaze softening and a loving expression taking over. 
Nan’s gaze shifted and met mine, and then I saw her body relaxing as she excused herself from her current conversation to 
greet me. 
“You made it,” she said, throwing her arms around me, 
We’ve both been so busy this past month that we hardly saw each other. It was nice being back with my best friend; it was like no time had come between us. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Take 732
Chapter 732 
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world,” I told her. “This place looks Incredible, Nan. You’ve really outdone yourself” 
“I am really proud of how it looks,” she admitted. “I’m just hoping the food tastes just as good.” 
“Your cooking is incredible, Nau. Your recipes are to die for. I trust that everybody here will love it,” I assured her. “Plus, you have Chester with you, and he’s like a genius chef. You have nothing; to worry about.” 
She beamed at the compliment. 
She glanced over my shoulder to see Gavin, along with Irene, who waved at her, and Matt, who was busy staring at the fish in the giant center fish tank. 
“Your little family is looking happy,” she said with a smile. “I’m really happy for you, Judy.” 
I look over my shoulder, and my eyes fin’s. He smirks at me, making my heart skip a beat. 
“I’m happy too,” 1 admit. 
“Let me see your ring again,” Nan said, grabbing my hand. 
I chuckled as she took in the gorgeous diamond ring that sat on my finger. It was more beautiful every time I looked at it, and it was completely and utterly Gavin. I was so happy that I could burst 
“It’s so pretty,” she breathed. “Gavin has such amazing taste.” 
“Yes, he does,” I agreed. “It still doesn’t feel real. I can’t believe I’m actually getting married to Gavin Landry.” 
“Believe it! You deserve it,” she said, wrapping me back in her arms. 
“Nan, we are almost ready. Hey, Judy,” Chester said, coming up behind Nan, who released her hold on me. 
“Hey,” I said with a smile. 
“We have your table ready, by the way. You are at a VIP table,” Nan said, smiling at me. 
She motioned for me to follow after her, so I did. Gavin and the others followed as well. 
She brought us to a table with a gorgeous bouquet in the center. She left after we were seated at the table, and almost immediately, a young man approached and took our drink orders. 
“Nan did such a good job,” Irene breathed. “It’s beautiful here. 
I nodded in agreement. 
,, 
It was nice going out to dinner with the 4 of us, gathering to support my best friend. It was almost like we were a real family. 
Our drinks came shortly after. And after glancing at the menu for a moment, I knew what I wanted to order. We put in our food orders and fell into a comfortable silence as we people–watched. Nan was running circles around the place, making sure everything was going smoothly. 
Chester was in and out of the kitchen, making sure everything was being cooked to perfection. 
When we received our orders, it smelled like heaven. My mouth watered at the sight, which was incredible because lately, food has been doing nothing but making me want to vomit. But this might be the first meal I’ve eaten in weeks that didn’t make me throw up. 
I would have felt bad if I threw up in the middle of her opening night. 
The food tasted incredible, and I ate it as if I had been starved. 
Overall, opening night for the Howling Spoon was a success, and Nan looked more than happy by the end of the night. 
1/3 
chapter 732 
**+15 BONUS 
She hugged everyone before they left, thanking them for their support. 
“Today was amazing,” I told her as I hugged her. “I’m so proud of you.” 
“I can’t believe I managed to pull this off,” she said, tears glistenlag in her eyes. “I couldn’t have done it without your support. Thank you so much.” 
“You’re my best friend, Nan. I’ll always be here for you.” 
“We should go through. It’s late and Matt has school in the morning,” Gavin said, putting a hand on the small of my back. Congratulation’s Nan. I’ll be in touch with some business opportunities for you and your restaurant. The meal was incredible, and I can see it catering to important events.” 
She beamed. 
“Thank you, Alpha,” she said in awe. 
He nodded, and after one last hug, we left. 
The next day, Gavin and I went to the hospital for my 4–month ultrasound. Today was the day that we could finally see the gender of the baby, and we were thrilled. 
Eliza set up the machine and did some quick work to make sure both me and the baby remained healthy. After clearing our health, she looked relaxed in her chair as she moved the wand around my protruding belly. 
“Are you ready to hear the gender of your baby?” She asked, looking between us. 
“Yes,” we both said at the same time. 
Gavin entwined his fingers through mine, giving them a gentle squeeze, though his eyes remained on the monitor. 
After a moment longer, Eliza smiled even wider before looking up at us. 
“Congratulations on your future Alpha…” 4 
2/3 
###Take 733
Chapter 733 
Gavin’s POV 
5 years later 
TID BONUS 
I was never going to get to the scent of a dirty diaper, no matter how many times I’ve had to change one. I crinkled my nose as I stared down at my child, poop smeared all within the diaper, and a smiling face lighting up the baby’s features. 
“Seriously… what does your mother feed you?” I asked, unable to hide my smile. “You are going to be the death of me, Lilith.” 
My daughter just kicked her little feet and let out the cutest giggle. 
“Ew!” I heard from below. “That’s yucky.” 
I barked out a laugh as I looked down at my almost 5–year–old son Declan. His blue eyes, a reflection of mine, were narrowed, and his lips were pressed in a line. He was my spitting image, which was fitting considering he was the future Alpha. He had strong Lycan blood coursing through his veins; I could already feel how powerful he was going to be when he came of age. But for right now, he was a little menace of a son, and I loved everything about him.” 
Though he had my strength and looks, he had his mother’s stubbornness and wit… along with her strength and skill sets. He was already a master of his young combat class. Better than those twice his age, which amazed not only the entire pack, but his family as well. 
Yet, when it came to a dirty diaper, he couldn’t hide the disgust and clear weakness he felt towards it. 
“She’s your sister… maybe you should be cleaning her diaper,” I joked. 
“She’s not my sister when she smells like that,” Declan said, his nose crinkling even more. 
This only made me laugh further. 
“You two are hopeless,” Irene said, leaning against the door with her arms folded across her chest. “What would you do without us women around?” 
I rolled my eyes at my oldest daughter. 
“You’re only back for a couple of weeks before you return to Jeremy’s territory,” I reminded her. Irene, who moved to her mate’s territory after their wedding a couple of years ago, was back to celebrate Lilith’s 1(st) birthday. She managed to take time off from her job as an event planner to spend a couple of weeks here. Honestly, it’s been nice having her around because she helps out with the children. 
Being 3 months pregnant herself, it gives her a lot of practice. 
“I’m amazed you survived all this time without me,” she teased, walking into the room. “Move over and let me take care of my 
little sister.” 
I moved away so she could have room, holding my hands up in defeat. 
“I won’t argue with that.” 
Declan mimicked my moves, putting his small hands 
Up 
“Me too,” he agreed, making both Irene and me laugh. 
I scooped my son into my arms. 
“Come on, let’s go find your mom and big brother,” I told him as headed out of the room. 
“They are out back,” Irene called after me. 
Of course, they were; they were always training. Now that Matthew was 13 years old, his training had gotten harder, and Judy was with him every step of the way. She had been working with the Elite Gamma force for the last 4 years, and her skills and 
1/3 
Chapter 733 
strength had only gotten better. 
In a few years, Matthew will be eligible to become an Alpha. had to future Alphas under one roof; It was chantie 
$15 BONUS 
1 stepped out onto the back patio, staring at the training ground until I saw Judy and Matthew, the fo for in a combat challenges Judy moved effortlessly, and Matthew moved with just as much grace. They were almost equal when it came to combat, and watching them had always been fascinating. 
I was amazed at how much better Matthew had gotten 
The small trail of sweat that dripped down the side of her face and the nape of her neck drew me to her. I wanted to drag my tongue across her neckline, nipping at the mark 1 left on her mark when we got married & years ago, 
She turned to look at me, her eyes lighting up and a sinile blessing her gorgeous face. 
“Dad, check this out!” Matthew said as he showcased a new move Judy had taught him. 
He performed it effortlessly, hitting the target right on the mark. 
Declan clapped and cheered for his older brother, wigging out of my arms so he could run to him. I released him and laughed as 1 saw him running towards Matthew’s open embrace. 
“Nice job, buddy,” I praised Matthew, loving how he hugged his brother without hesitation. 
Judy beamed at the sibling’s affection as well; her features practically glowing with happiness. 
“Yay, Matty!” Declan cheered and giggled as Matthew twirled him around. 
I came up behind my wife and wrapped my arms around her, pulling her into me. 
“Hey, Beautiful,” I murmured, pressing a kiss to her mating mark “How’s training?” 
“He’s almost better than me,” she said, smiling. “I’m proud of him.” 
“I honestly think he’s going to be a better Alpha than me,” I admitted. I had high hopes for Matthew, and I knew he was going to surpass me by a long shot. 
“Where’s Lilith?” She asked, turning to look up at me. 
“With her sister,” I said. ‘It’s nice having Irene home for a couple of weeks. We can pawn the little she–devil off to her.” 
I smirked at Judy’s appalled face. 
“Don’t speak about our little girl like that,” she said, smacking my chest playfully. 
I laughed and peppered a soft kiss on her lips. 
“Ew, get a room, you two,” I heard from nearby. 
###Take 734
I turned just as Judy squealed and jumped out of my arms. I shook my head, smirking as she ran across the training grounds and into her best friend’s arms. Nan laughed and wrapped Judy in a tight embrace. 
I looked at Chester, who was carrying a toddler in his arms and slinging the diaper bag over his shoulder, I nodded my greeting to him and returned it with a grin as he approached me. 
“Hey, Alpha,” Chester said. 
I rolled my eyes. 
“You know you can call me Gavin,” I reminded him. “We are practically family now.” 
He laughed. 
“Yeah, I guess it’s a habit I can’t quite break.” 
“Where’s the birthday girl?” Nan asked, looking around for my now one–year–old daughter. ( 
“Getting changed with Irene,” I told her. “She’ll be down soon.” 
“She’s going to love the present we got her,” Nan said, a bright smile on her face. 
“Hi, Uncle Gavin and Auntie Judy,” Emalyn said as she walked towards us, her blonde pigtails bouncing around her and her dress flowing evenly around her small body. It was strange that she looked so much like Ethan, and yet she was uniquely her. “Hey, Emmy,” I said, kneeling to give her a big squeeze. 
She giggled as she hugged me back and then hugged Judy just as tightly. 
“Hey, sweetheart,” Judy said, twirling her around. 
“Whoa, I’m dizzy,” Emalyn teased. 
“Emmy!!” Declan squealed as he ran to her. 
They were close in age and best friends. Emalyn chuckled and ran towards him, hugging him tightly, both tumbling to the ground from the force of their collided bodies and bursting out into laughter. 
It made the rest of us laugh as well. 
“We should get inside before more guests arrive,” Judy said, turning to me. “I need to shower and get dressed myself. My parents will be arriving soon, as will your mother.” 
I nodded, though it took my mother a little while to get used to the idea that I was marrying Judy; she eventually stopped fighting me every step of the way, especially when Declan was born. Now she’s just a typical grandmother who loves to spoil her grandchildren, and she even gets along with Judy. 
We headed inside so Judy could finish getting dressed, and I could finish setting up for the party. 
In the front parlor, I had everything set up. The party balloons were all over the place, along with streamers and a banner that read: Happy 1(st) Birthday, Lilith. 
There was a table for the representatives that were quickly piling up, and another table for finger foods, mainly for the kids. The food the adults were going to be eating was catered by the staff I hired; all the food was from the Howling Spoon, Nan’s thriving restaurant. 
I opened up the doors for the back patio, where all the outdoor activities were going to take place; it was pretty much a carnival out there at this point with all the stuff I got for the party. Not that a 1–year–old can enjoy most of it, but slie’ll like some of the activities, and all the colors around the place… also, there will be a ton of children running around, so it’s something for them to enjoy as well. 
1/3 
Chapter 734 
+15 BONUS 
“Where’s my grandbaby?” my mother asked as she arrived 30 minutes later; Judy’s parents weren’t far behind her. They had gotten to know each other well over the last few years, and now they were practically friends, which was nice to see. 
Thugged my mother and shook Judy’s father’s hand. 
“She’ll be down in a minute. I’m pretty sure Irene is hogging her. 
“Well, now it’s my turn,” my mother said as she went upstairs in arch of my daughters. 
I laughed as I greeted Judy’s mother with a hug. 
“It’s good to see you both,” I said, pulling back. 
“I know we’ve been so busy lately. Sorry, we haven’t been around much lately,” Michelle, Judy’s mother, said. 
“I get how it is,” I told her. “No need to apologize.” 
Soon, Sampson and Lucy were arriving along with their two kids, Samantha and Austin. 
Samanth was 4 years old, and Austin was 2. They immediately ran off to find my other young kids. 
The party was starting, music was playing, and everybody seemed to be enjoying themselves. Irene went off thenjoy some of 
the festivities, while my mother carried Emalyn around, making my little girl giggle with delight. 
Judy stepped beside me, a relaxed look on her face. We sat on the back patio, watching our friends and family enjoy themselves; it was a nice sight to see. She leaned into me, her scent stronger than usual. 1 
“You seem happy,” I said to her, kissing her temple. 
“I am,” she said, looking up at me. “I have something to tell you. Something I did when I got dressed earlier.” 
I frowned, my heart thudding as I looked down at her. 
“What is it?” I asked; she didn’t sound upset; she sounded happy. 
She reached into her pocket and pulled something out; it was wrapped in a tissue as she handed it to me. 
Unwrapping the tissue, my eyes widened. 
“My breasts were feeling tender, and I was feeling a bit nauseous the other day. So, I decided to take a pregnancy test,” she told 
me. 
I stared at the 2 lines on the stick, my heart swelling with pure bliss as I looked at her. Her eyes lingered with hundreds of tears, and a wide smile spread across her face. 
In unison, we both said the words out loud. 
“We are having another baby.” 7 
###Take 735
Chapter 735 
Gavin’s POV 
I heard the soft, padded footsteps on the marble floor around the same time I was putting on my coat. The kitchen was quiet this evening; most of the staff were off duty until the morning. Taylor had gone home to his mate; Irene was out with Chuck, who was back for the weekend, while Matt was asleep in bed because he had school tomorrow. 
I didn’t have to look to know who was behind me. 
“You should be resting,” I said, fastening the last button on my coat before turning to face her. 
Judy’s tired eyes stared back at me; she was worrying her bottom lip, and her cheeks looked a bit flushed. 
My heart squeezed in my chest at the sight. I hated that she was tired, but even more so that she was worried. I didn’t want anything to worry her; I wanted her to be stress–free so she could deliver a healthy baby boy into this world. 
“I couldn’t sleep,” she said softly, her eyes scanning my face before shifting to the coat. “It’s late. Where are you going at this hour?” 
I stepped closer to her, my arms wrapping around her. I couldn’t tell her where I was going without explaining what was going on. I needed to shield her from this as much as possible. 
“I have some business I need to tend to,” I tell her. “I’ll be at the office.” 
The lie tasted bitter in my mouth; I couldn’t stand lying to her, but I was doing this for her own good. 
She frowned, the lines forming on the corner of her pretty lips as she stared up at me. I couldn’t tell if she believed me or not; I had tried to mask my feelings through the mate bond so she couldn’t detect the lie. I had gotten good at masking certain parts of myself, though I knew it drove her crazy. 
But if only she knew what was swirling through my mind right now, it would stress her to the max and 
put our baby in jeopardy. 
“Will you be back soon?” She asked, her voice dropping to a whisper like she was afraid to wake the walls. 
“Yes,” I assured her, pulling her into my arms and inhaling her sweet honey scent. I allowed the scent to calm me as it so often did. Her soft, wavy hair tickled my nose as I buried my face in it. I kissed her temple, and she let out a breath. I knew she still had anxiety over the fact that I was leaving so late, but she trusted me. 
The thought of lying to her and breaking that trust killed me. 
I cupped her face and forced her to look at me. 
“I love you,” I told her, and as it so often did, my words caused her to melt a little. Neither she nor I would 
1/3 
Chapter 735 
+15 BONUS 
ever get used to this level of love… even without the mate bond, it was overpowering. But since finding out we were second–chance mates and finally marking one another, it only amplified the feelings that 
were already there. 
“I love you too,” she said softly, stepping up on her toes to kiss my lips. 
She started to pull back after a peck, but I wouldn’t let her go that easily. I held her tighter, wrapping my arms firmly around her waist and pulling her flush against me, deepening the kiss. My tongue dipped between her lips, tasting what was mine. 
She moaned into my mouth, allowing me to explore her for a moment longer before I reluctantly pulled 
back. 
“Save this for later,” I murmured against her mouth before giving her one last peck on the lips and releasing her. “Get some rest, and I’ll be home snuggling you soon enough.” 
She looked at me for a moment longer before she relented and nodded. 
“Okay,” she whispered before she turned away and left the kitchen. 
I stared after her for a moment longer as the door swung shut behind her. My heart was squeezing painfully in my chest; the lie was resting in my mind over and over again. I hated having to do that, but as I said, it was for her own good, and I would do anything to keep Judy and our baby protected. She was part of my family now, and I would never let anything happen to her. 
I left the villa, getting into my car. I had no idea what I was doing. This was probably the stupidest thing to do, but I needed answers, and there was only one person I knew who could get me at least some of 
them. 
wolf’s I started the engine and pulled away from my home; it got smaller in the rearview mirror. I felt tug, wanting to return to our mate and mark her all over again. He’s been adamant about claiming her time and time again. Every time our mark heals on her and it fades into a little pink line, he wants to 
freshen it and make it brand new. 
He’s obsessed with her, and I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t obsessed with her as well. I wanted to spend all my waking hours with her and even my non–waking hours. I wanted to hold her and mark her and kiss her,… I wanted to make love to her so she would never forget who she belongs to and who I belong to. 
I was hers… fully, 
I had always been hers. 
I couldn’t believe I spent so long without her, and I couldn’t believe even more that my wolf hadn’t recognized her as ours until the moment my teeth sank into her. He had always been drawn to her, but it was nothing in comparison to this. 
###Take 736
Chapter 736 
The Silver Crescent Prison was about 20 minutes away from the villa. It was the largest prison in the world and the strongest. I only allowed the Elite force to guard it, and no criminal, no matter their 
strength, had ever been able to escape. 
It was so well–known and strong that I allowed prisoners from outside of my territory to be held there as 
well. One prisoner in particular happened to be the one I was seeing this evening. 
“Alpha,” Gerald, one of the guards, greeted, giving me a nod as I passed through the gates. 
I nodded back but said nothing as I continued to walk through the security. A few other guards also nodded at me, murmuring their greetings. 
I stepped through the doors, where I greeted some of the Silver Crescent Police Force. 
I contacted them already when I was on my way, to let them know of my visit and who I was there to see. 
I was led through a variety of doors, not that I didn’t know where I was going, but I wasn’t there as their 
Alpha; I was there as a visitor. 
We stepped into the visitor center and sat in one of the seats. 
“He’ll be here in a second,” the officer said before he stepped back. 
“Give us some privacy,” I said without even looking at him. 
“Yes, Alpha,” the officer replied before retreating from the room. 
The visiting center was set up, so the guests were on one side, and the prisoners were on the other, 
separated by clear, soundproof, and bulletproof glass. They could communicate by phone, which was set 
up at each visiting station. 
The doors swung open on the other side of the glass, and a couple of guards walked through, pulling a prisoner along with them. My back straightened when I saw the tired and worn–out face of Levi Churchill. 
He also looked a bit beaten. 
The cuffs around his arms and legs made it so none of his abilities worked; he was as weak as a human. Easy to beat. 
His eyes narrowed when he saw me, and he lowered himself into the seat. He slowly grabbed the phone to the best of his ability and brought it to his ear while the guards stepped back, refusing to take their eyes off him for a second. 
I picked up the phone on my end and brought it to my own ears. 
“What honor do I have for this visit, Alpha?” He drew out the word Alpha like it was a bitter taste on his tongue. 
“Did you know Lila was a Blackwell?” I asked, straight to the point. I wasn’t there to have a mindless conversation or beat around the bush; I was there to get answers and then get the fuck out so I can go home and spend time with my mate. 
He raised his brows, and the corner of his lips twitched. 
“Why do you ask?” 
“Answer the question, Churchill.” 
He leaned back in his seat, his eyes narrowed. 
“You’ve been busy-” 
I slammed my fists on the table in front of me, rattling the phone receiver in the process. 
“I am not playing around, Levi. Tell me the truth. Who the fuck is Lila?” I was at my wits‘ end, and I was seconds away from tearing through this glass and ripping him apart. 
This was my fucking prison; I could do just that if I wanted to. 
Levi let out a belt of laughter. 
“You are more stupid than I gave you credit for, Gavin,” he said, shaking his head, humor clear in his eyes. “Did you really think it was going to be that easy? Did you honestly think it was over? I might be locked up here, but I’m not the one you need to watch out for. That precious Moon Gem that you fought so desperately to get back… it was never yours to begin with.” 
My blood boiled at his words. He had no idea what he was talking about; it belonged to my father, and then his before that. But I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction. 
“Does Lila have it?” I asked. 
I assumed she was the one who stole it and replaced it at the auction, unless Daisy ran away with it when she stole it from my mother. 
“She does,” Levi said, cocking his head to the side like he was searching for something on my face.” Though it doesn’t really belong to her either. However, it’s back in the family it came from.” 
Was he saying the Moon Gem belonged to the Blackwells? 
“Impossible,” I said through my teeth. 
“Is it?” He asked, raising his brows. “You only know what your father told you. But your father lies.” 
“He’s not the liar,” I growled. “You are.” 
“Then why did you come to see me if you think I’m such a liar?” 
I clenched my fists; my silence spoke volumes. 
Levi leaned forward, his eye icy and filled with dark humor. 
“Now that the right family has their thing back… they are going to come after you, Landry. I’d watch my back if I were you.” 
With that, he hung up the phone and stood. 
I stared after him as he left; I came for answers, but I’m leaving with even more questions. 
###Take 737
Chapter 737 
+15 BONUS 
Chapter 737 
Judy’s POV 
My stomach was in a knot. 
I knew something was wrong when Gavin left late at night, but I didn’t pry and asked him what it was he had to do. I had to trust him… he was my mate after all. He would never do anything to hurt me. But then, why wouldn’t he tell me the truth? 
I didn’t buy the bullshit that he was going to the office because of some business. He had a look of raw determination in his eyes and something else that I couldn’t quite decipher, and it bothered me. 
As I walked back up the stairs, willing my feet to keep moving forward and not to turn back to him, I made my way towards Matthew’s bedroom. Even though I can’t help him in his combat lessons, I still tutored him in his classes and helped him succeed in any way that I could. 
He comes to me a lot of the time with his problems and anxiety; in a way, I’ve been feeling like his mother. It’s been good practice at least for when I actually become a mother to my own little pup. 
I opened the door slightly to check on him. He was tossing and turning like he does most nights. Since his wolf was awoken and he shifted for the first time, Matt became the youngest person in the world to be able to shift into a wolf. It was incredible, really, but it came with a great cost. 
The amount of powers surging through him, both from his wolf and his Lycan blood, is too much for his 9- year–old body to take. He hasn’t been able to sleep, and when he does sleep, it’s riddled with nightmares. 
My heart ached for him. 
He’s seen a variety of doctors, and none of them can tell us what’s wrong other than the fact that he’s too young to have all this power inside of him. 
Though it seems my presence calms him the most. Or at least that’s what he tells me. 
“I’m not sure what it is about you, Judy,” he told me one evening after a long study session. He was half asleep on the couch, which was a rarity because falling asleep in general was difficult for him. “But I feel calmer when I’m around you. Like I can sleep…” 
“You can,” I told him in return as I wrapped my arms around him. “Just sleep, sweet boy.” 
And he did, for the entire night. Gavin draped a blanket over us when he got home from work, giving us each a kiss on our head before he sat beside us on the couch and also fell asleep. 
Irene took a picture when she saw us the next morning, and now it’s the screensaver on Gavin’s phone, which makes me smile every time I see it. 
I sat beside Matt, running my fingers through his shaggy brown hair. He looked so much like Gavin, 
1/3 
Chapter 737 
+15 BONUS 
which was crazy because he wasn’t even Gavin’s biological son. I suppose the Landry gene was strong. 
I’ve seen Gavin’s sister, Matt’s mom, and they looked so much alike I had to blink twice. 
I sat like that with Matt for a while until he calmed down and was able to get some real sleep. Once I was sure he was out, I stood and started towards my own bedroom, the one that I shared with Gavin. 
The bed felt empty without him by my side, and I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to sleep at all. I lay awake, staring at the ceiling, feeling the soft rhythm of my heart against my chest. I placed my hand on my belly, feeling the swirling of my baby, and tears welled in my eyes. 
I was scared I wouldn’t be a good mom; I was scared I wouldn’t be a good Luna. The anxiety of it all was 
crushing. 
I’m not sure how long I stayed like that for, stewing in my own worries. But I heard the soft clicking of the door shutting. Gavin maneuvered around the room, stripping off his clothes, his movements hurried and yet quiet so as not to disturb me. 
He didn’t know I was awake, and I wasn’t going to tell him. 
I could smell the faint scent of the prison wafting off his clothes as he set them down in the laundry basket. The prison had a distinct scent to it that I couldn’t quite describe. But I’ve been there before, and I knew what it smelled like. 
Gavin walked around the bed to his side and slid in; the scent of him calmed me, and I turned to face him. His eyes found mine, and I could see how tired he was; there was something else swirling in them that I couldn’t quite figure out. 
###Take 738
Chapter 738 
“Did you go to see Levi…?” I asked, my voice coming out barely above a whisper. 
“Yes,” he said softly, not bothering to hide it. He knew I could smell the scent on his clothes; I had always had good scent, even for a werewolf. 
“Why did you tell me you were going to the office?” 
He put his hands on my belly before pressing his forehead to mine, taking in my scent like it was his anchor. 
“I didn’t want to lie to you,” he whispered. “But you can’t handle any more stress right now. Eliza said, You need to be calm. I want to be that for you…” 
“What I need is for my mate to be honest with me,” I told him, tears welling in my eyes. 
He closed his eyes as he let my words wash over him. He was quiet for a long while; I didn’t think he would say anything more: Just as I was about to ask him again why he went to see Levi, he opened his eyes. 
“I found out that Lila is actually a Blackwell,” he said, his eyes remaining on mine. 
My heart stuttered at the name; I lifted my head, my brows pinching together. 
“A Blackwell?” I asked. 
I knew of them, of course; everybody knew of them. But they’ve been hidden away for so long, they fell off the face of the earth. They are one of the most feared families in the world; while the Landry’s strived on fortune and strength, the Blackwells strived on power. 
Not only was Zachary Blackwell a Lycan, but he also had some witch blood in him. He was the ruler of the shadow region, the Blackwell Empire. Built entirely on neutral territory. He doesn’t rule under or above other Lycans; he rules his own world and plays by his own rules, which makes him dangerous and terrifying. 
He’s the kind of guy who would wander into someone else’s territory and murder just because he can. He’s untouchable… not even Gavin’s prison could hold him if given the chance. 
Not to mention that they are stupid rich, not Landry rich, but rich enough to put most in shame. They are the second–richest family in the world. They have connections with all types: Lycans, rogues, and 
witches. 
They are not a family to be messed with. 
“How did we not know that?” I asked, my eyes narrowed. “You’ve known her for so long.” 
“She deceived me for so long,” he corrected. “I just recently learned her name. I had no idea the kind of 
1/3 
Chapter 738 
+15 BONUS 
family she was a part of.” 
“The Blackwell’s have been quiet for a long time,” I murmured. “Why would they come out of hiding now?” 
“They were after something…” Gavin told me. “And I think now that they have it, they are coming out of hiding. I just need to find a way to protect you and our family from what’s about to come.” 
“What were they after?” I asked, my voice raw with emotion. 
“The Moon Gem.” 
I raised my brows. 
“Why?” I asked. “Isn’t that your family heirloom?” 
He was quiet for a moment, as if trying to figure out how much he should tell me or not. I adjusted myself 
so my arms were free of him, and I was cupping his face in my hands, forcing him to look at me. 
“Tell me the truth, Gavin. Is the Gem a family heirloom?” I asked him, my words coming out slowly and 
carefully. 
He stared at me for a moment longer. 
“I’m not sure anymore,” he whispered. “I wanted to say yes… I wanted to say that my father didn’t lie to 
me about it. But I’m no longer sure.” 
“What did Levi say?” 
“Levi told me that the gem was never a part of our family,” he answered. 
“And you believe him?” 
He didn’t have to answer me to know what he was thinking; he could always tell when people lie, and in this case, he knew that Levi was telling somewhat of the truth, even if he was still withholding information or not giving him one hundred percent of the truth. 
“How much trouble are we in?” I asked him instead, my voice dropping slightly. 
“If what Levi is saying is true, then it means my father stole something from the Blackwells…” he said, swallowing hard. “And if that’s the case…” 
“We are in deep shit.” 
2/3 
###Take 739
+15 BONUS 
Chapter 739 
Third Person POV 
The shadow region was darker than most, and it was exactly how Daisy Baldwin imagined it would be. It reeked of rogue and an unsettling magic that drifted through the air. Daisy’s tampered dress was dragged through the mud, and her normally flawless skin held dirt from her walk through the forest that took her to the neutral territory of the second–largest empire in the world. 
A shadow lurked around the corner, but Daisy wasn’t afraid. She probably should have been, but these last few weeks for her have not been easy. Since she stole the Moon Gem from one of the only women she saw as a mother figure, the only one she could consider a friend, things have not been pleasant for her. 
She hadn’t been able to show her face back at her home. She had been on the run ever since; she ran into various rogues and witches, none of whom were pleasant. But she held onto the hope that things would be different soon enough because she was promised a better future if she was a “good girl” and did exactly what she was told. 
Working with the most prestigious family in the world wasn’t easy, but it would be worth it soon enough. 
“You came,” a female voice said from behind a tree. 
Lila Blackwell stepped around the corner, her blonde locks tied in a long braid down her back. Her pretty blue eyes stared back at Daisy with almost a kind sincerity, though Daisy knew that Lila was anything but kind. She was as vicious and vindictive as they came. She played everyone in her path, and only Daisy knew the truth about her. 
“Did I have a choice?” Daisy asked, already knowing the answer. 
The corner of Lila’s pretty pink and very plump lips tipped upward. 
“No, you didn’t,” she replied simply. “Unless you want to face my brother…” (1 
Daisy’s cheeks burned. 
She was very familiar with one of Lila’s brothers, Noah. He was her eldest brother and was in line to take over the entire empire once their father, Zachary, retired. However, that won’t be for a very long time. Zachary wasn’t one to give up his business that easily… not without an actual reason. He’d rather die than hand over the reins. 
It was because of Noah that Daisy ended up in this mess to begin with. He was handsome and a huge flirt, capturing her attention from the moment she first laid eyes on him. The relationship began with just sex, and that’s all Daisy and Noah initially agreed upon, but then it evolved into so much more. She had no idea what she was getting herself into at that time in her life; she was young and dumb. However, she ended up in a situation she couldn’t escape. 
She reached up and touched her mark; it still throbbed, though it had been years since he had given it to 
1/3 
Chapter 739 
+15 BONUS 
her. She covered it with makeup so no one else could see it, but she could always feel it. It had its own heartbeat; it was warm beneath her touch, and if she stepped out of line in any way, such as bedding another man, it would cause her such severe pain that she wouldn’t be able to stand straight. 
Daisy was nothing more than a pawn in the Blackwell games, but Lila assured her that she could get her out of it if she desired. At this point, Daisy would do just about anything to break the bond that connects 
her to Noah. 
She spent years getting close to the Landry family, and then, the moment Donna Landry trusted her enough to show her the heirloom that the Blackwells were seeking, she had her chance. 
Daisy expected to return to Noah like the good pet that she was, but he told her to stay away until he called for her. He didn’t want a trail to return to the Blackwell Empire. 
Daisy suffered in silence, feeling the pain of the mate bond as she did nearly every night since he marked her… feeling him as he bedded other women, disregarding the bond he already had. 
She already knew another woman was living with him as a constant, and that was the main reason he didn’t want Daisy to return. 
She was done being his pawn… she suffered in silence for far too long, and it was time she took back her life. So, if she needed to use his sister to get that, she would. 
“Let’s not bring up your brother,” Daisy said, her eyes narrowed. 
Lila smirked, knowing she had Daisy right where she wanted her. 
“Do you have the sage I requested?” Lila asked. 
Tonight was the full moon, and in order to do the ritual required to activate the Moon Gem, they needed a special sage. Lila didn’t want to take any chances by being seen, so she sent Daisy to do her bidding for her. Once the gem is activated and Lila’s true powers are unlocked, she can break the bond between Noah and Daisy and even give Daisy the power she needs to start her life over and be protected until the end of 
her days. 
Daisy reached into her cleavage and pulled out a small baggie of sage, holding it up for Lila, who smirked. 
“Perfect,” Lila said, taking the sage and walking towards the little circle she had already created. She placed the sage in the center of the circle, sprinkling it with her fingers inside. 
###Take 740
2/3 
Chapter 740 
+15 BONUS 
Chapter 740 
Daisy watched, a nervousness weighing in her chest. 
Lila grabbed a match and stepped back. She lit up the match and dropped it in the center of the circle, lighting the sage on fire. The flames crackled, causing Daisy to take an unsteady step backwards. 
Lila lowered herself so she was only inches from the flames; the rays of the full moon penetrated her, focusing only on her at that moment. She pulled the Moon Gem out of her cleavage; it was on a necklace. 
She undid the clasp of the golden chain and held it towards the flames. 
Truth be told, Lila wasn’t entirely sure how to activate the gem, but she heard that this was a typical ritual for anything spiritual. A witch once told her that she would also need a drop of her blood because the key to anything is Blackwell blood. 
“You have the pin as well?” Lila asked without even looking at Daisy. 
Without a word, Daisy pulled a pin out of her dress. It was sharp enough to draw blood. She carefully handed it to Lila, who immediately and purposely poked her finger. A drop of red blood beaded at the tip of her finger, and she hovered it over the flames, warming it before she pressed her finger against the cool surface of the gem. 
They both waited with bated breath, not sure what it would look like once it had been activated, but after 
a moment of no changes, they frowned. 
“Maybe you need more blood?” Daisy suggested, her nervousness squeezing painfully at her chest. 
Lila poked her finger even more, drawing out more blood. She practically coated the stone in her blood, but once again, there were no changes. 
Lila pressed her lips together, not sure what it meant. This gem was meant for her from her birth. She was told that her true powers were locked away inside because her infant body couldn’t handle the amount of power she had, so a witch took her magic and put it in the gem for safekeeping. But then the Landry’s had stolen it right under the Blackwell’s noses. 
“Why isn’t it working?” Daisy asked, panic seizing her. 
“Shut up for a minute and let me think,” Lila hissed, aggravated. 
Without a word, she threw the stone into the flames, causing Daisy to gasp. All she needed was the magic inside the stone, not the stone itself; she couldn’t care what happened to the stone. She deepened the pin in her finger, wincing at the sting, and then she hovered her hand above the flames and allowed her blood to pour. 
The ground began to shake, and the skies, which were already dark from night, grew even darker. Clouds circled the skies, covered the full moon and the stars, giving it an eerie feeling. 
1/4 
Chapter 740 
“What’s happening?” Daisy asked as she struggled to stand on her feet. 
+15 BONUS 
Lila’s eyes were wide as she stared at the sky and then at the Gem, which remained in the fire, 
untouched. The Gem had a faint, red glow to it, almost as if it were angry. It wasn’t what she expected. She didn’t feel any different, like the powers were seeping into her, but she could feel the raging energy surging from the Gem. 
The ground shook even more. 
“Lila, watch out!” Daisy screamed through the swirling wind that began. 
Lila looked up in time to see a large tree falling, almost about to crush her. 
Without thought, she grabbed the moon gem out of the fire, ignoring the burning feeling of the flames that engulfed her hand, and she jumped out of the way, just in time for the tree to fall onto the flames, burning them out. 
With a guttural breath, Lila released her hold on the gem, her hand scorched from the heat. She stared down at her hand, seeing the faint outline of the gem that burned into her, along with the blisters from sticking her hand in the fire in the first place. 
“What the hell was that?” Daisy asked, rushing towards her. 
The gem lay beside Lila, no longer tinted with the angry red glow. It was back to normal… untouched, unbothered. Lila didn’t feel any different; nothing was awoken… nothing was released. 
“It didn’t work…” she whispered in a shocked daze. “I don’t understand…. It was supposed to work.” 
Judy’s POV 
My head felt heavy as I sat outside the villa; I needed some fresh air. My anxiety has been high all day today. When it got to a point where I literally couldn’t breathe, Irene suggested that we step outside for 
some air. 
I leaned against the patio table, feeling a wave of dizziness washing over me. It was night, and Gavin hadn’t returned home from work yet. He was out on patrol with Beta Taylor, and for a moment, I tried to reach him through our mate bond so he could come home early. 
Something was seriously wrong… I just didn’t know what it was. 1 
I pressed my hand to my belly, my heart racing with pent–up nerves. I prayed to the Moon Goddess that it wasn’t my baby. 
Then, it was like my feet had caved entirely, and I could no longer hold the weight of my own body. The dizziness grew more intense, and the wind nearly knocked me out as I fell to the ground. 
2/4 
Chapter 740 
The last thing I heard was Irene yelling my name. 
“Judy!” 
+15 BONUS 
###Take 741
Chapter 741 
Chapter 741 
Judy’s POV 
“I got here as soon as I could,” Gavin said, rushing through the doors of the clinic. “Where is she?” 
I could see the pure panic on his face and the sweat that beaded on his forehead from his run. I doubted he even had his car on him; he was most likely still on post when Irene mindlinked him. He had to have been in his wolf form; he only wore a pair of shorts that rested at his knees. 
His full muscular torso was on full display, and my Goddess, he was a gorgeous man. 
“Babe, I’m right here,” I tell him, trying to ease some of the tension in the room. 
Once his eyes landed on me, he rushed towards me, his arms wrapping gently around my body and pulling me into him. 
“What happened?” He asked, murmuring against my hair. “Is it the baby?” 
“No, I’m okay,” I whispered. “I don’t really know what it was. But both me and our baby boy are okay.” 
The tension in his body didn’t lessen at all. 
“I was so worried…” he whispered, peppering kisses along my hairline. 
“It had to have been dehydration,” Eliza said, looking over the charts for the hundredth time. “I can’t think of another reason as to why she would pass out like that.” 
“All her test results came back normal?” Gavin asked, not releasing his hold on me. 
“As far as I could see, yes,” Eliza replied, though I could see the uncertainty in her eyes. 
Being dehydrated was an assumption I didn’t believe. I drank plenty of water throughout the day. No, this felt like something else entirely, and I couldn’t figure out what it was. My heart raced at the thought that something could be seriously wrong with me or my baby. I instinctively put my hand on my belly, which Gavin noticed and placed his own hand over mine. 
His eyes were warm and his expression gentle. 
“It’ll be okay,” he assured me softly. “We are going to be okay. 
I nodded, nibbling on my lower lip for a moment before I released it and looked up at Eliza. 
“Am I okay to go home?” I asked her. 
“Yes, of course,” she answered with a small smile. “I’ll schedule a follow–up appointment for a couple of days from now.” 
“Thank you,” I said softly. 
1/4 
Chapter 741 
+15 BONUS 
Gavin helped me out of bed, his arms still wrapped around me like he was afraid I’d fall over at any 
moment. 
“Are you okay?” He asked once we were out of the clinic and into Beta Taylor’s waiting car. 
“I will be once I’m home,” I told him. “Just a little shaken.” 
“Irene was worried about you,” he murmured, pressing his lips to the side of my face. “Why didn’t she stay with you?” 
“Matt had just gotten home from school, so she went there to wait for him,” I explained. “I didn’t want him to know that I passed out because it would only worry him.” 
Gavin hummed. 
“He thinks of you as his mother,” he said softly. 
I couldn’t help the smile on my face. 
“I know,” I replied. “And I love that he does.” 
“It doesn’t scare you?” 
“Not anymore. Not while I’m carrying my own little pup inside of me. I’m already feeling like a protective mother. I love Matt and have since the moment I started as his tutor. I would want nothing more than to 
be his mother.” 
Gavin tightened his hold on me. 
“I want that too,” he whispered. “And when we get married, we’ll talk about adoption.” 
My eyes lit up and my heart swelled as I stared at him. 
“You think Matt would want that?” I asked. “Having me adopt him?” 
“I think he would be thrilled by it,” he admitted. “I think it’s something he’s been wanting for a while. You know, he told me before I even realized how I felt about you that he wanted you as his mother. That he 
trusted you the most. He loves you.” 
“I guess I have a way with the Landry boys,” I teased. 
Gavin laughed, and it was a hearty sound that went straight to my core. My wolf purred in satisfaction, loving how our mate sounded when he was happy. 
By the time we got home, I was beyond exhausted. All I wanted to do was take a nice hot bath and then get into bed and sleep for the rest of the night. Much to my appreciation, Gavin carried me inside, where a worried Irene greeted us. 
“How are you feeling?” She asked, her eyes scanning me for any signs of injury. 
2/4 
Chapter 741 
+15 BONUS 
“I’m fine,” I assured her. “Just a little dehydrated.” 
I didn’t actually believe that I was dehydrated, but it was the best way to explain for right now. 
“Are you sure that’s all it was? I never saw anyone have trouble breathing due to their lack of water,” 
Irene said, her brows pinching together. 
###Take 742
“You had trouble breathing?” Gavin asked, his brows dipping as he stared down at me. 
My cheeks flushed; it’s not that I was lying to Gavin about the symptoms I was having, but I also didn’t 
tell him the entire story. I just didn’t want to worry about him or anyone, for that matter. 
“It was just a little. I think it was just a panic attack because my body knew something was wrong,” I tell him. “It’s nothing to be concerned about.” 
“When it comes to you, I am concerned about everything,” he said, pressing his forehead against mine.” 
I’ll draw you a bath and then we’ll get you into bed. Irene, can you get some water sent to the master 
suite?” 
“Of course,” she said, hurrying away without another word. 
I rested my head against Gavin’s shoulder as he carried me upstairs and into our bedroom. He walked 
into the bathroom, kicking the door shut behind him. He sat me down at the counter, pressing a gentle 
kiss to my lips before he went to our large and glorious bathtub. He sprinkled some lavender bubbles into 
the tub before filling it with hot water. 
As the bathroom grew steamy and the scent of lavender became potent, relaxing my body and my soul, 
Gavin walked over to me and stripped off my clothes, layer by layer, until I was bare in front of him. 
His eyes were dark with desire as he stared at me, scooping me into his arms and placing me in the hot 
water. I let out a breathy moan as my body relaxed even more. It didn’t help matters any; Gavin’s eyes grew even darker, and a low growl escaped his lips. 
I opened my eyes to see him at war with his wolf, nearly losing control. 
I smiled. 
“Join me,” I all but pleaded as I reached my hand out to him. 
His nostrils flared as he looked into my eyes. 
“Are you sure?” 
I nodded. 
“More sure than I am about anything else in my life.” 
I didn’t have to ask him twice; he was quickly stripping off his clothes and getting into the tub behind me, wrapping me in his arms so my back was to his front, and his legs were sprawled out beneath mine. I felt his erection pressing into my back, but he made no movements to stick it inside of me… not like I 
wanted. 
“I want you,” I whispered, resting my head against his chest as he ran his fingers all along my smooth 
1/3 
Chapter 742 
+15 BONUS 
skin. 
He nipped at my ear, sending a warm wave of chills coursing through my body. 
“And I want you,” he whispered, his tongue licking the nape of my neck where he had marked me repeatedly. It was almost back to a slight pink line, so I knew his wolf would want to mark me again to keep it fresh. My wolf didn’t hate the idea. 
“Then take me,” I whispered. I reached my arms up to wrap them around his neck, but his hands came up 
to stop me. 
“You can barely keep your eyes open…” he said, his voice almost hoarse. 
He was right; my eyes had been closed the entire time, and I was practically sleeping on him, despite how badly I wanted him. 
“That doesn’t mean I don’t want you…” 
“It means you should be resting, not fucking. As badly as I want to make love to my mate, your well–being 
is more important. Let me make you feel good for a little while, and then I’ll take you to bed.” 
He ran his fingers all along my body, and I trembled against his touch. He washed me and massaged me, 
but that was as far as it went before I started to drift off to sleep, relaxed and feeling safer than I ever had 
in my life. 
I stood in the middle of the forest. A woman stood nearby as well; her back was to me, but I could tell she 
was older from the way she stood and the way her silver hair glistened in the moonlight. When she 
turned, I saw eyes that almost looked like mine, staring back at me. 1 
She gave me a warm smile, like she hadn’t seen me in so long, and she was happy that I was there. I 
honestly wasn’t sure how I felt. I had never seen her before. 
She reached her hand out to me, but I didn’t take it; I just stared at it, a frown marring my lips. 
“Who are you?” My voice echoed as though I were in an empty room. 
The woman stared at me for a moment longer before she parted her lips and said in a raspy tone, “Blood 
calls to blood.” 
###Take 743
Chapter 743 
Gavin’s POV 
+15 BONUS 
“Hey…” I said softly, as Judy’s eyes opened. She looked disoriented for a moment before she finally registered that it was me, and then her body relaxed. I could tell she was having a nightmare; she was murmuring something in her sleep that I couldn’t figure out, and she was tossing and turning, despite my efforts to calm her. 
“Hey,” she whispered in return, her voice barely audible over the racing sounds of her heart. 
I bent and kissed her lips lightly. 
It’s been several hours since we returned home from the clinic, and only about an hour since our bath. I took her out of the bath, wrapped her in a warm towel, and then tucked her into our shared bed, all while she slept. She was peaceful for a little while, until about 30 minutes ago, when she started to toss and 
turn. 
I brushed a strand of hair out of her face and behind her ear. 
“Was it a nightmare?” I asked, not wanting to pry, but needing to know if she was okay. I could tell she was still barely awake, and I wanted her to sleep as much as she could. There was a tray of water beside her on the bedside table, thanks to Irene, so I poured her glass and brought it to her lips. 
She took a small sip before resting her head back on the pillow. 
“Yeah…” she replied, but then she paused as if she was thinking about it. “Maybe… I’m not entirely sure. Maybe it wasn’t. I didn’t feel like I was in any danger, but…” 
Her voice trailed off, and it didn’t seem like she was going to say more. 
“It’s okay… we can talk in the morning,” I assured her. “Just get some sleep.” 
She nodded as she closed her eyes. 
It didn’t take long for her to fall asleep, and I held her a bit longer to ensure that her nightmares stayed away. But I couldn’t bring myself to join her in sleep. I couldn’t get Levi’s words out of my head… that the moon gem didn’t belong to my family. 
I untangled myself from Judy and climbed out of bed. I grabbed a pair of shorts and a T–shirt and put them on. I looked at Judy’s peaceful face one last time before leaving the room, quietly shutting the door 
behind me. 
I found myself standing outside my father’s old office. The one I’d left untouched for years. When I inherited the villa after his death, I left most of his stuff alone. I didn’t have it in me to change anything, so I created my own office out of the unused rooms and built my own master suite. 
Chapter 743 
+15 BONUS 
The maids and the other staff knew to leave this room alone, so nobody had been in it since my father. 
I feared what I might find on the other side of this door. 
The door creaked when I opened it. The room smelled faintly of leather and dust. His desk, sleek walnut, polished, within an inch of its life, sat like a guard against the far wall. I remembered being a boy watching him behind it every deal and decision shaping the man I was supposed to become. 
Now he was gone. And yet, the weight lingered. 
I sank into the chair and opened the bottom drawer. Files. Too many files, neat as bones laid in rows. At first, they looked like ordinary contracts, financial reports, and legal documents. But then, tucked behind a false back, I found something else. 
Articles and ledgers. 
The papers were old, the ink faded, but legible. Transactions, shipments, artifacts. My father’s handwriting in the margins. And a name I hadn’t expected to see scrawled more than once. 
Blackwell. 
The more I read, the colder the air seemed to get. Not just mentions, but signatures. Transfers. Agreements that blurred the line between our family and theirs. And buried in the details, one entry that made my stomach drop. 
Acquisition: Moon Gem. Source obscured. Reclassified as Landry property. 
I stared at it until the letters blurred. 
It was true… 
All this time. My father knew the gem wasn’t ours by right. He’s taken it, hidden the truth under decades of wealth and power, passed it down like a crown to be polished… or at least he tried to. 
I was strong enough without the stone, so I never required it. My father died before he could pass it on to me officially, so it ended up with my mother. She kept it in a lock box for all these years, waiting for the right moment to give it to me before it was stolen. But when we got it back, or when we thought we got it back, I refused it, not needing it. 
###Take 744
Chapter 744 
That’s when she realized the stone wasn’t the same as it used to be. It lost the magic that was clear as day inside of it. It lost its aura… it wasn’t the same stone. 
My hands curled into fists. 
“Gavin?” A mindlink came through, and I recognized Taylor’s voice. “Sorry to bother you so late. But something arrived for you. Are you available to meet me in the foyer of your villa? I just arrived.” 
“Yeah, I’ll be there in a second,” I replied as I continued to look through the papers. There were articles… so many articles… about the Blackwell family. 
Why would my father be keeping these? It was almost like he’s been keeping tabs on them for decades, but I didn’t understand why he would care about them so much. I knew I couldn’t sit here all night and 
just stare at these. I could ask a million questions, but probably not get any answers. 
I stood, shuffling the papers and placing them on the desk before I took a deep breath and left the office. My heart was a racing mess, and my head was clouded with thoughts. 
What the fuck was my father thinking? Stealing from the Blackwell family and putting our family in jeopardy like that? 
More importantly… did my mother know about this? 
She couldn’t have, could she? 
I walked down the stairs and into the foyer, where Taylor stood with an envelope. 
“This was delivered to the packhouse for you,” he said, handing me the envelope. “It looked important, and the seal almost looks familiar. I rushed it here as soon as I could.” 
“I’m sorry that this pulled you from your mate this evening,” I tell him. 
Taylor and Eliza live busy lives; Eliza, being the best doctor in the world, travels more often than not. She’s highly requested in all territories, and I’m not selfish enough to keep her to myself. However, she hasn’t needed to travel for some time. She just recently opened her own clinic inside the Silver Crescent pack, instead of working at the pack hospital. It’s better that way, and she can employ whomever she wants without the fear of being spied on. After the incident of spies working in the hospital, she didn’t feel comfortable staying there, not that I could blame her. 
Taylor handed me the envelope, his eyes never leaving my face as I frowned at the black wax sealing it closed. 
I knew that stamp… I’ve seen it before. 
It was a Blackwell stamp. 
1/3 
Chapter 744 
+15 BONUS 
“It’s from the Blackwell family,” I murmured. 
“I figured it was something important,” Taylor replied. “What do you suppose they want? They’ve been off the radar for years.” 
There was only one way to find out. 
I slit the seal with my thumb and pulled out the parchment that it held. 
The handwriting was neat and familiar as I read the words on the paper. 
Chairman Landry, 
It’s time we talked. Dinner. The Blackwell Manor. Please accept the invitation. 1 
-Zachary Blackwell. 
I let out a breath as I read the address sprawled on the bottom. 
“What is it?” Taylor asked, his eyes filled with worry. 
“Return to your mate,” I murmured as I turned away. “We’ll talk tomorrow.” 
I wasn’t ready to disclose what I had found out just yet. I needed to know for certain that what I knew was true; that my father stole something from the Blackwells and that our family could potentially be in 
danger. 
The less Taylor knew, the better. 
He knew better than to argue with me right now, so he left without another word, murmuring that he’ll see me tomorrow. 
I went back to my father’s office and shut the door behind me, letting out a breath I hadn’t known I was holding. I returned to the desk, staring down at the papers I had left. I read the letter over and over again, deciphering every word that Zachary had written. 
I eventually let the letter fall against the ledger; old lies meet fresh threats. 
I knew I had no choice despite it being an invitation. He wasn’t asking me to join him for dinner… he was telling me. 
The Blackwells weren’t hiding anymore. And now they wanted me at their table. 
###Take 745
Chapter 745 
Judy’s POV 
Gavin was in the bathroom getting dressed when I entered. I folded my arms across my chest and stared at him. He was wearing a designer suit, and his hair was styled neatly. He looked at me in the mirror as he adjusted his tie. 
He knew what I was thinking before I even said anything, but he still sighed and shook his head. 
“Judy-” 
“I’m coming with you,” I said with such finality that it shocked me. 
“This dinner isn’t a courtesy, it’s a summons,” he said, turning to look at me. He was calm, but the 
muscles in his cheek betrayed him. “If anything smells wrong, I need you nowhere near it.” 
“It already smells wrong,” I shot back, folding my arms across my chest. “Which is exactly why I’m not 
letting you walk into Blackwell territory alone.” 
He raised his brows as he stared back at me, and I swear I saw the corner of his lips twitching. Was he 
finding it amusing? I was losing my mind about having my mate go to the dark regions, and he was finding this funny? He was lucky I loved him, or I would have killed him by now. 
I was hurt; he’s been keeping things from me because he doesn’t want to stress me out. But he was lying 
to me and not telling me the entire truth, stressing me out more than he knew. His blocking his feelings 
from me was stressing me out. He didn’t understand what that kind of thing did to a mate because it’s 
been so long since he’s had one. 
He wouldn’t have even told me about the dinner with the Blackwells if I hadn’t found the letter in his 
pocket this morning. Apparently, Beta Taylor arrived last night with a letter that was sent to the 
packhouse. 
He wasn’t even going to tell me about it, which hurt both me and my wolf. 
Seeing the expression on my face, softened his features. 
“Babe….” He said softly as I stepped closer to him. 
“NO more half–truths,” I said before he could say anything else. “No more ‘I’ll be at the office.‘ We do this together, or we don’t do it at all.” 
“And if it goes bad?” He asked. 
“The Blackwells aren’t stupid enough to attack either of us during a simple dinner,” I said, narrowing my eyes at him. “Unless they want a war. You are Alpha Gavin Landry, the strongest Lycan chairman in the world, and you own the largest franchise in the world… even bigger than their empire. Yes, they are 
1/4 
Chapter 745 
+15 BONUS 
powerful and play by their own rules, but hurting either of us would be suicide.” 
He knew I was right, and I could see the fight in him wavering. I reached out and laced my fingers with his, trying to get him to see reason. His eyes dropped to our joined hands and then climbed back to my face with something like surrender warming the storm there. 
He kissed my knuckles and sighed. 
“You’re impossible.” 
A smile tipped the corner of my lips. 
“But you love me,” I remind him. 
His expression softened even more as he wrapped me in his arms, holding me close to him. 
“And I always will,” he murmured as he pressed his lips against mine. When the kiss ended, he let out a breath and pressed his forehead against mine as if he needed to breathe my air in order to anchor himself. “Fine. You can come with me. But if I say we leave… we leave. No arguments.” 
“No arguments,” I repeated, even though we both knew I’d argue if it meant protecting my mate. 
I spent the next hour getting dressed. I decided on a casual black dress; the only one that didn’t make me 
feel fat, despite Gavin telling me that I don’t look fat, I’m just pregnant. I braided my hair and applied a 
little makeup. I was never much of a makeup wearer, but something told me I needed to look my absolute best when going to the Blackwell Manor. 
I still couldn’t believe we were actually going to the manor this evening. The Blackwells were kind of like 
an urban legend in the werewolf world. They were heard but never seen. I couldn’t help but feel like we were walking right into their den. 
The road to the Blackwell Manor crawled through pines that whispered like gossip, needle tips combing the wind. The closer we drew, the colder the air became, and old cold, the kind that remembers things. 
Stone walls loomed from the dark at last, not built so much as exhumed, wet with sheen that caught the 
moon in broken pieces. 
The manor rose beyond the gates like a cathedral someone had frightened. Spires stitched the sky. Windows stared too long. Ivy clung like bruise–dark veins. I shivered, and Gavin’s hand found mine, entwining his fingers and giving me a reassuring squeeze. 
“Maybe we should have brought security,” I said for not the first time. “Or at least Beta Taylor. He’ll be pissed if he finds out we came here and didn’t tell him.” 
The natural territory that the Blackwell Manor was in was about an hour North of our borders. It was a territory outsiders would never dare to wander into. 
“The less we bring, the better,” Gavin told me as he put the car in park. “We don’t want to escalate any 
2/4 
Chapter 745 
issues. If they feel trapped, it could cause problems.” 
“What about us?” I asked. “What if we feel trapped?” 
###Take 746
Chapter 746 
“We get out.” 
I nodded. I was about to push the door open, but Gavin reached for my arm, grabbing it gently. 
“You do not leave my side, understood?” 
The seriousness in his expression caused my heart to skip a beat, and I nodded. 
“Understood,” I repeated softly. 
His expression softened, and then he got out of the car, running around to the other side to open the door for me as well. He helped me out of the car, placing his hand on the small of my back, and I shivered. 
I stared up at the dark and brooding manor; it was unlike anything I had ever seen before. They weren’t kidding when they said this place was the shadow region; everywhere I looked was shadows, and there was almost like a dark fog that rose from the grounds. 
Two footmen in charcoal livery swung the doors inward before we reached them. The entry hall swallowed us whole–black and white marble underfoot, a chandelier of iron thorns overhead, portraits hanging on the walls like a jury. The air smelled faintly of candle soot and a sweeter, stranger note of 
herb smoke. 
“Chairmen Landry,” The butler’s voice was a blade wrapped in velvet as he greeted Gavin. His sharp eyes 
turned to me. “Miss.” 
“Luna,” Gavin corrected. 
Buter’s brows raised as he took me in, scanning me head to toe. 
“I apologize, I wasn’t aware. There’s been no mention of you taking a Luna.” 
“I am not a Luna yet,” I blurted, giving Gavin a look. 
Gavin frowned at me. 
“You are my mate. Regardless of whether we have done the ceremony yet, you are my Luna.” 
My cheeks flushed at his words; the thought of being a Luna had weighed heavily on my mind, but now 
was not the time to dwell on it. 
“Come this way,” the butler said, clearing his throat. 
The butler was a tall, lanky man with hair so dark that it was like charcoal. He walked in long strides, his head held high, and his hands clasped together behind his back. 
Pictures of the Blackwell family lined the walls, my eyes finding Zachary Blackwell and his wife, Selene. 
1/4 
Chapter 746 
+15 BONUS 
She was gorgeous in the photo with her midnight, silky hair, threaded with a single silver clasp that glinted like a star. Her eyes, a piercing gray with shards of silver, remained sharp as though she was staring at me, even though it was only a photo. 
Their sons, Emmet and Noah Blackwell, Noah being the eldest, stood beside the two. Emmet with his smiling face and dimpled cheeks, and Noah with a stern expression as though he had never smiled a day in his life. It’s a perfect mix of the two. They were much younger than their current age, so I knew this 
portrait was an old one. 
In Selene’s arms was a little baby that I knew had to be Lila. There was something about the baby that made it hard for me to look away; there was a slight familiarity to her that made my brows furrow. Lila has blonde hair, but this baby looked to have traces of dark hair, though it was hard to tell in this 
painting. 
“First painting after Miss Lila’s birth,” the butler explained, startling me. 
I hadn’t realized I had stopped walking or that they were waiting for me. I blinked a few times, getting my bearings straight. Gavin was looking at me with a concerned look on his face. 
“Are you okay?” He asked me, keeping his voice low and soothing. 
I swallowed. 
“Yes, sorry,” I said, glanced at the portrait one last time, the light blue eyes of the baby staring back at me, 
like a warning. 
Pulling my eyes away from the picture, we followed him down a corridor to a pair of doors carved with roses and vines devouring one another. The entire manor gave me an eerie feeling. My heart thudded against my chest, a nervousness clouding me despite Gavin’s presence beside me. 
The butler opened the door, stepping inside. 
“Alpha, Chairman Landry, and his Luna have arrived,” he announced to an unseen figure. 
“Luna?” A deep tone, tinged with an accent, asked. “I had no idea he had taken one.” 
“His mate, Sir,” the butler explained. 
“I see. Allow them entry.” 
The butler stepped aside, letting Gavin and me pass him. A table of black wood carved the space, set with crystal that winked like fangs. A chandelier with candlelight hung in the center, its presence giving the room dimmed lighting. 
At the head of the table sat Zachary Blackwell. 
His presence hit like cold iron in the blood. Not loud. Not showy. Just… absolute. A man carved from 
2/4 
Chapter 746 
+15 BONUS 
midnight and old oaths. At his right sat Selene Blackwell; the portrait and photos in the corridor did her no justice. She was even more beautiful in person, and my heart thudded rapidly against my chest at the 
sight of the gorgeous couple. 
Emmet also sat at the table beside Lila, who stared at us with a predator’s poise, her eyes sharp and 
unyielding. 
And then beside her sat another woman, much older. She was in a wheelchair with snow white hair, and her eyes were fixed on me. My breath caught in my throat at the sight of her, and I had to take a step back. 
My eyes had to be deceiving me. 
It couldn’t be… could it? 
That was the same woman who appeared in my dreams only a night ago. Her words echoed in my head,” 
Blood calls to blood.” 
###Take 747
Judy’s POV 
“Gavin Landry,” Zachary said as he stood, drawing my attention from the old woman and to the mysterious man in front of us… the urban legend himself. “It’s been a long time.” 
“It has,” Gavin replied, nodding his head slowly. “I was surprised when I received the invitation to join you and your family for dinner. I hope you don’t mind, I extended the invitation to my mate.” 
“Of course not. The more the merrier,” Zachary replied, his eyes finding mine and holding them for a bit too long, giving me an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach. “I wasn’t aware you took a mate.” 
“It’s fairly new,” Gavin explained, draping an arm around my waist to keep me by his side. I wasn’t going to complain about that. 
Zachary’s gaze dropped to my belly for a moment before lifting and meeting my eyes once again. 
“Seems that’s not all that’s new,” he said, the corner of his lips lifting slightly. “I suppose congratulations are in order.” 
“Thank you,” Gavin replied, tightening his hold on me. “I apologize if we are a bit late. Took longer than expected to get here.” I knew Gavin was trying to steer the conversation away from me and our baby. I was appreciative of that because I wasn’t sure how long I could handle Zachary Blackwell staring at me. 
Zachary’s eyes,flickered to Gavin. 
“You aren’t late at all. Right on time,” he retorted. “Dinner will be served shortly. Please, take a seat.” 
He motioned for a couple of empty chairs that sat side by side. Gavin walked along with me towards the chairs, and we both gingerly sat down, feeling more than a little awkward. His hand found mine under the table, and I felt relieved that he wasn’t letting me go. It’s like he knew that I needed his touch to get through this dinner. 
Or maybe he needed mine. 
“I’m not sure if you met my family, but this is my wife, Selene,” Zachary said, nodding towards the gorgeous woman who sat beside him. 
“I’ve heard plenty about you, Alpha,” Selene said, nodding her head slightly. “You are more handsome in person, I must say.” 
I felt my wolf growing anxious over her words, and I had to bite back a growl. I had to remind my wolf that now was not the right time or place. Gavin’s hand squeezed mine reassuringly, and at that moment, I knew he was tuned into my feelings. I felt my wolf relaxing from his attention. 
Gavin didn’t bother responding to her; he just nodded politely. 
1/3 
Chapter 747 
“And this is my son, Emmet, and daughter Lila,” Zachary continued. 
+15 BONUS 
“Charmed,” Lila said, a sly grin spreading across her face. Clearly, she hasn’t told her father that she already knew us and wondered why that was. The poisonous way she stared at us made my chest tighten. 
Emmet only nodded; he looked disinterested in this conversation as he scrolled through his phone. 
“Emmet,” Zachary said through his teeth. “We are at the dinner table. Put the phone away.” 
Emmet glanced up at his father with a frown. 
“It’s important,” he murmured. 
“So is time with your family,” Zachary retorted, clearly trying to keep his cool. 
Emmet’s frown was deep. 
“Noah isn’t here,” he said, narrowing his eyes. “If it’s so important, shouldn’t he be here as well?” 
“Noah has other arrangements this evening,” Zachary said, his eyes never leaving his son’s. “You are present… so be present.” 
After a moment of what seemed like a silent conversation between the two, Emmet finally put his phone down and folded his hands in his lap. 
Zachary, looking satisfied, relaxed his shoulder and turned to Gavin. 
“I apologize for my eldest son’s absence. Noah is very busy and couldn’t make it this evening.” 
“It’s okay,” Gavin said. “He’s always been quite busy. I understand.” 
I wasn’t aware that Gavin even knew Noah Blackwell. I only knew their names and their ranking in the family. Though Lila Blackwell had been a mystery since her birth, almost like she’s been hidden within the manor walls for all these years, only allowing her brothers and parents to shine until recently. 
“I’m sure soon you two will be able to catch up. You were always close growing up,” Zachary replied. 
I raised my brows at Gavin, who glanced at me briefly before turning back to Zachary. 
“We’ve both aged,” Gavin replied. “I’m not looking to regain a childhood friendship I once had.” 
“Of course,” Zachary said, the corner of his lips twitching slightly as if he found Gavin almost amusing but trying not to show it. After a moment, Zachary cleared his throat. “Do you remember my mother, Esme?” 
He motioned for the old woman who sat beside Lila. Her eyes were still transfixed on me, though she hadn’t said a word. My heart thudded against my rib cage… it was the same woman as in my dreams. Only in my dreams was she a little younger, and she wasn’t in a wheelchair. But there was no mistaking… it was the same woman with the same piercing blue eyes and looking directly into my soul. 1 
###Take 748
“Of course,” Gavin said, nodding at the old woman. “It’s good to see you again, Esme.” 
The woman, Esme, looked at him briefly, but didn’t say a word as her eyes drifted back home. I looked around, wondering if anyone had noticed this, but to my surprise, it was as if she were hardly there. 
“She still hasn’t spoken a word,” Zachary said, almost thoughtfully, as he stared at the glass of red wine that sat in front of him. “Not since the day Lila was born.” 
“Have you seen a healer? Perhaps something is wrong with her vocal chords.” 
“We’ve seen many,” Zachary answered. “No One knows what is wrong or what to do to fix it. There’s nothing medically wrong; they all say she’s as healthy as a horse. She’s just mute.” 
A mute? 
I glanced at the woman in shock; if she was mute, then how did she speak to me in my dreams? Maybe that was the only way she could communicate… but if that were the case, then why did she choose to communicate with me? Who was this woman to me? 
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Gavin replied. “My father had said wonderful things about Madam Esme.” 
At the mention of Gavin’s father, Zachary’s eyes noticeably darkened until thye were practically black. A coldness fell upon the room, and I shivered. Gavin’s hold on my hand tightened as if he could feel it as well. 
“Your father… right,” Zachary murmured. 
“I suppose that’s the reason why we are here, am I right?” Gavin asked. The tension was so thick, it could be cut with a knife. 
“Can’t we enjoy our meal first before we speak of business?” Selene asked, raising her eyes at her husband, who met her gaze with a hard one of his own. 
“Is there business to speak of?” Gavin asked. “I assumed you invited me here to ask some questions 
regarding the gem.” 
Zachary tensed at his words. He cleared his throat before his eyes met Gavin’s. 
“This was more for business than anything. But yes, I do have questions as well. However, as my wife 
said, it should wait until after we enjoy our meal.” 
As if on cue, servants ghosted in with dishes I didn’t recognize: dark breads fragrant with anise, meat seared almost blue, a wine that looked like garments dissolving. I reached for water and kept my hands 
still to hide the tremor. 
Fruits, vegetables, and many other dishes were also served, and my mouth started to water at the sight of 
1/3 
Chapter 748 
+15 BONUS 
them all. I realized I hadn’t eaten since this morning, and both my baby and I were starving. 
“Please, enjoy the meal,” Zachary said as he put food onto his own plate. “The cooks worked hard to prepare these dishes for this evening.” 
Instead of putting food on his own plate, Gavn started to put food on mine. The gesture warmed my heart. The way he looked at me made my heart skip a beat, and I couldn’t help but smile at my mate. 
“How long have you two been together?” Selene asked as she sipped her wine. 
“We’ve known one another for a couple of years,” Gavin replied. “But we recently mated a few months ago.” 
I nodded in agreement as I took a bite of the juicy and delicious meat on my plate. I practically moaned as the flavors hit my taste buds. 
“It hasn’t hit the news yet,” Selene said. “You must be keeping it a secret.” 
“We haven’t had a proper ceremony or announcement yet,” Gavin explained. “But it’ll happen soon.” 
“Will there be a wedding as well?” 
“Yes,” Gavin answered, giving me a small smile. 
He started to put food onto his own plate. 
“It’s wonderful to see blooming love. Isn’t it, darling?” Selene asked her husband, a twinkle of something I 
couldn’t figure out in her eyes. 
He hummed in agreement as he took a bite of his food. 
“Love that can overcome all,” Lila remarked, smiling as our eyes met. “Such a rarity these days.” 
My eyes shifted to her chest, where I noticed something gleaming; my heart dropped. It was the moon gem… the one stolen from Gavin’s mother. I wondered if Gavin had noticed it as well. I glanced at Gavin, who hadn’t even bothered looking at Lila, as if the thought of looking at her made him sick. 
I opened my mouth to say something to him… though I wasn’t sure what I could say in front of everyone. Maybe something to get his attention. But before I could, the doors opened, drawing my attention to the 
entryway. 
“Sorry for the interruption,” a deep and dark voice said. “Is it too late for me to join for dinner?” 
My heart nearly stopped in my chest. 
Noah Blackwell. 
###Take 749
Chapter 749 
Gavin’s POV 
+15 BONUS 
I hadn’t seen Noah Blackwell since I was 16 years old. We used to be best friends, but then something happened, and I was no longer allowed to see him. His entire family fell off the face of the earth. I stopped questioning why after a while; my father refused to talk about it, and my mother claimed not to know a thing. But I always felt as if I had missed something. 
I’ve heard of Noah’s work alongside his father in the shadow regions, though, and I knew he wasn’t the same 16–year–old I had once known. He wasn’t someone I would consider a friend. His dark hair was shoulder length, and his eyes were so dark they looked black, but I knew they were blue like the dark ocean. He looked more like Zachary Blackwell than any of the others. 
Back then, he wanted nothing more than to follow in his father’s footsteps. I wondered if he still felt the same way now. 
“Noah,” Selene said with a pleased smile. “Come join us, darling.” 
She motioned for an empty chair, and Noah walked towards it without his eyes meeting mine. He sat down and started to put food on his plate. 
“I apologize for my late entrance,” Noah said. 
His voice was deeper, more polished than I remembered. A man’s voice now, edged in teal. Though I’m 
sure mine was too. 
“No apologies necessary. You have quite a bit on your plate. We weren’t expecting you to arrive at all,” Zachary said, eyeing his son. 
Noah’s eyes flicked up at last, catching mine across the table. For a moment, I searched for the boy I had once known–the reckless grin, the secret plans whispered in the training yard. But there was nothing left of him. Only a cold, assessing stare. 
“When I heard who our guest was this evening, I knew I had to be here, so I cleared my schedule,” Noah said. “I’m honestly surprised to see you here, Gavin.” 
His lips curved into something that might have passed for a smile if his eyes hadn’t been so empty. I felt Judy shift slightly beside me, her hand brushing against mine under the table. Her touch soothed me, which I knew mine soothed her. 
“Your father invited me. It would have been stupid to refuse the invitation. I’m pleased you were able to clear your busy schedule to join us, Noah.” 
My words dripped with sarcasm, which I didn’t mean. 
Noah’s eyes narrowed as he leaned back in his chair, swirling the wine in his glass before taking a slow 
1/4 
Chapter 749 
+15 BONUS 
sip. 
“Still arrogant. I see some things never change.” 
Selene’s soft laugh followed, low and approving. 
“he does have that reputation, doesn’t he. Darling, have you met his mate, Judy?” 
Noah’s eyes flickered to Judy, and it took all I had not to growl at him. 
“I haven’t,” Noah said, eyeing Judy up and down, making her squirm under his scrutiny. “I wasn’t aware the great Alpha took a mate. And a lovely one at that… It’s a pleasure to meet you.” 
He reached his hand out to shake hers, and she gingerly placed her hand in his. I squeezed her thigh without meaning to. After a quick shake, she drew her hand back as if he had burned her. 
“I must say, you look quite familiar. Have we met before?” He asked her, his eyes lingering on her for way too long for my comfort. 
“I don’t believe so,” she replied, averting her eyes from him. 
“What is your last name?” 
She glanced at me briefly as if asking permission to answer his question; it was permission she didn’t need, but I was pleased that she thought of me at that moment. I gave her a small smile and a slight nod, subtle enough for them not to notice. 
“Montague,” she answered, glancing back at him. 
He looked through for a moment before his eyes widened. 
“Holy fuck. You’re the one who won the gamma competition this year,” he exclaimed. “You have quite the following… me included. I didn’t recognize you dressed so gorgeously.” 
“Judy’s the one who won the competition?” Zachary asked, raising his brows. He glanced at her as if he 
was trying to size her up and figure out what made her so special. It made me lean closer to her, my wolf 
needed to protect what was his. He didn’t like the fact that our mate was the center of attention. 
“She is,” Noah answered, a smile growing on his lips. “I watched her on the television. She was quite impressive and put the others to shame.” 
“Must you flirt with every woman that glances at you, brother?” Lila asked, rolling her eyes. 
The corner of Noah’s lips tipped upward into a smirk, his eyes never leaving Judy’s. 
“When I see what I like…I go for it. No regrets.” 
This time, I couldn’t stop the growl, and every pair of eyes turned in my direction. It made Emmet laugh and Lila smile to hold back her own laughter. Noah raised his brows, clearly amused, but not showing it 
2/4 
Chapter 749 
as well as his siblings. 
“My mate is not up for grabs,” I say, my eyes never wavering. 
The table stilled. 
###Take 750
Chapter 750 
Noah leaned back, swirling his wine lazily. 
+15 BONUS 
“Interesting that nobody even knew about her until recently,” he said, his eyes shifting to me and then to Judy. “No announcement… no Luna ceremony. Keeping your mate a dirty little secret?” 
Judy’s eyes flashed gold for the briefest heartbeat. I wasn’t even sure if anyone else noticed it… But I did. 
“Our mating is new,” I explained calmly; I knew I didn’t have to explain myself, but for Judy’s peace of mind, I felt it needed to be said. I didn’t want her to think, or have Noah put it in her head, that I was hiding or ashamed of her in any way, because that couldn’t be further from the truth. She might be young, but she was mine. “There will be an announcement soon and a wedding later this year.” 
“How many months pregnant are you?” Selene asked suddenly, changing the subject and clearing the 
tension in the air. 
“4,” Judy answered. 
“Do you already know the gender?” 
“A boy,” Judy replied with a small smile, her hand immediately going to her belly. 
“A heir,” Zachary said with a nod. “I’m sure you’re very excited to have a heir for your foundation.” 1 
“I already have a heir, but it’ll be nice having another,” I said bluntly. 
“You already have an heir?” Zachary asked, his brows raising. “I wasn’t aware.” 
“Yes, my son Matthew.” 
“I see,” Zachary said, his eyes shifting from Judy to me. “I’m assuming the mother isn’t your mate?” 
“That’s not any of your business,” I said a little too sharply. None of this was their business; I wanted to find out why the fuck they decided to invite me to dinner. Surely it wasn’t to talk about Judy or my 
children. 
We continued to eat; they made no more mention of Matthew or Judy’s due date, much to my relief. Judy seemed to relax a little in her seat now that the attention was off her. Noah kept stealing glances at Judy, which made my blood boil, but I bit my tongue. 
By the time the meal ended and dessert arrived, I was about to jump across the table and rip his head off for his continuous stares. Noah had always been a flirt, but this was crossing a serious line. 
Suddenly, the sound of his phone ringing drew his attention away from Judy. He frowned at the name that flashed across his screen. 
“I need to take this,” he said, standing to his feet. “It was good to see you again, Gavin. I’m sure there will 
1/4 
Chapter 750 
+15 BONUS 
be plenty more opportunities for us to talk.” 
He glanced at Judy once more, and a slow smile spread across his face. 
“Miss Montague. It was a pleasure to finally meet you,” he said, holding out his hand for her. 
Judy didn’t take it. 
She stared at him with a frown as she said, “You as well.” 
He curled his fingers in and dropped his hand to his side before nodding at her. Then the asshole winked 
before he turned and left. 
“Sorry about him,” Zachary murmured, shaking his head at the closed door. “He forgets himself 
sometimes.” 
“I’m sure there’s a reason you invited me to dinner this evening. We should get to it then. It’s been a long day, and we have a long journey home.” 
Zachary nodded and cleared his throat. 
“Right,” he said, glancing at Selene. “Would you excuse us. It’s time for the men to have a real talk.” 
Selene nodded and put her napkin on her plate before standing. 
“Of course,” she replied. “Come along, everyone. Let the gentlemen speak privately. Judy, how about I show you around the manor?” 
Before Judy could reply, my hold on her hand tightened. 
“She stays with me.” 
“That won’t be necessary. I assure you, she’s perfectly safe here,” Zachary said. 
“She’s not leaving my side,” I said through my teeth. 
Selene looked startled by this, maybe even a little hurt. 
“It’s okay,” Judy said quickly, glancing at me. “I’ll go with Madam Selene. I’ll be okay.” 
My eyes widened. We agreed that she wouldn’t leave my side. That was the opposite of that. 
“Judy-“I started to say, but she leaned in closer. 
“Let me go with her,” she whispered. “Please… we will talk about everything later. But I’d like to see more of this place, and I have some questions of my own.” 
My stubborn mate peeked up at me through her lashes, and my heart crumbled. As much as I wanted to keep her pinned to my side, I knew I couldn’t keep her caged. With a reluctant sigh, I nodded. 
2/4 
Chapter 750 
+15 BONUS 
“Okay,” I said, leaning in to kiss her briefly as I murmured. “But the second I sense distress, I’m coming to get you. The second you block your emotions from me, I’m coming to find you. Don’t test me.” 
She smiled against my lips. 
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” 
With that, she stood, excusing herself, and I watched as she followed Selene out of the dining hall. 
Zachary turned to look at me as Emmet and Lila left as well, wheeling Esme along with them. 
“Now, the real reason I asked you to come here today…” 1 
###Take 751
Chapter 751 
Judy’s POV 
+15 BONUS 
The chatter from the dining hall faded the further we walked. Leaving Gavin behind was difficult, but I would be lying if I said I wasn’t curious as to what secrets his manor held. This whole place was like an urban legend to most, so being here piqued my interest more than anything. 
Esme, the grandmother, had recently come to me in my dreams. She kept staring at me throughout the dinner, and she spoke no words. Apparently, she hadn’t spoken in years, and yet she spoke to me in my sleep. I knew without a doubt that it wasn’t just a dream, but I wasn’t entirely sure how to explain this to Gavin. 
I knew whatever was happening, whatever it meant, I would find the answers somewhere in this manor. 
“You carry yourself well, my dear,” Selen’s voice, low and smooth, brought me out of my head and into the present moment. “Mot would tremble under so many eyes. But not you.” 
I forced a smile. 
“I’ve faced worse.” 
Her lips curved. 
She was very beautiful, more so than her pictures. It was almost intimidating to look at her. I felt like I should bow or curtsy in her presence. I dismissed the thought because it’s not like she was royalty or anything. Even if that were the case, Gavin held more power than the Blackwell family, despite the literal power in the Blackwell blood. 
Her expression grew thoughtful for a moment. 
“You seem almost familiar,” she suddenly said. “Like a name I should remember, but it’s just beyond reach.” 
Something in me stirred–not my wolf, not the mate bond, but something older, stranger. It was the same pull I had felt when Esme’s pale eyes refused to leave me. It was as though threads I couldn’t see tightened around my ribs, binding me closer to this family… to this manor. 
“Perhaps we met in another life,” I tried to joke, though the words fell flat on my lips. 
Selene’s fingers grazed my arm, deliberately. 
“Perhaps,” she murmured, her smile never fading, but her eyes glowed with something sharper than fondness. “Blood remembers, even when the mind does not.” 
I held her gaze for what felt like an eternity; a familiarity in them that not only called to me, but my wolf as well. I opened my mouth to say something, but was interrupted by Lila, who appeared around the 
1/3 
Chapter 751 
+15 BONUS 
corner, wheeling Esme. 
“Am I missing a girl chat?” Lila asked, a glimmer of something in her eyes. “I must say, Judy, you are much prettier in person.‘ 
” 
She was pretending she didn’t know me; she didn’t want her family to know that we’d met before. Which means, they weren’t the ones who sent her to Gavin. I wondered what her involvement with Levi entailed and how they ended up together. I wondered if they were still in contact or if the Blackwells even knew 
about it. 
Lila’s connection to the Blackwells confused me; she didn’t look a thing like them. While they all had dark hair, Lila had blonde hair. She also had bright blue eyes, while Selene had bright green eyes, and the others had dark blue eyes. Of course, I knew how genetics worked, but something about it all seemed off. 
It wasn’t just their looks; it was also their scent. My wolf felt uneasy, and I couldn’t blame her. 
I stared down at Esme, her eyes never wavering. It was as if she were peeling back my skin and seeing something I couldn’t. My wolf shifted uneasily, ears flattening. I had the strangest sensation that she knew me better than I knew myself. 
Her lips didn’t move. She made no sound. Yet, in that silence of that corridor, her presence read. 
Blood calls to blood. 
The words weren’t spoken, but I felt them. Inside me. Around me. 
Lila leaned casually against the wall, but I noticed the way her fingers drummed against the handle of Esme’s chair. Restless and uneasy. 
“You’ll get used to her staring,” she said lightly. “Grandma doesn’t blink much anymore. It’s unnerving if you’re not family.” 
Selene’s gaze softened as she turned to her daughter. 
“How about you take Esme to the patio for some fresh air?” she suggested. “It’s not good for her to be cooped up inside all day.” 
“Of course, Mother,” Lila said with a smile of her own. “It’s truly good to be home again. I’ve missed you 
dearly.” 
Lila pecked her mother on the cheek before she turned and walked off, wheeling Esme away as well. 
I couldn’t seem to pull my gaze away, my heart thrumming violently in my chest. 
“Are you all right?” Selene asked, drawing my attention back to her. 
“Yeah, sorry,” I said, shaking my head to clear my thoughts. “Esme… she’s Zachary’s mother?” 
###Take 752
Chapter 752 
Selene nodded, her eyes thoughtful. 
“She is.” 
“What happened to her if you don’t mind me asking?” 
“Honestly, we aren’t sure,” Selene said as she started towards the corridor. I followed after her. “It happened shortly after Lila’s birth. She used to be so vocal… her voice was the most soothing thing I had ever heard. But then she just stopped…” 
“And you never figured out why?” I didn’t mean for my tone to sound accusatory, and I wished I could swallow it back down. Selene didn’t seem to take any offence over it, though. 
She just shook her head, a sad expression on her face. 
“We tried all we could… eventually, it learned to live with the new normal,” she explained. “Come on… let me show you around further so we can give the men some time to talk further.” 
I glanced over my shoulder at the closed dining hall door. Biting my lip, I nodded and followed Selene 
further away. 
Gavin’s POV 
The dining hall was empty without the others, but it didn’t feel any lighter. If anything, the silence pressed harder now that I was alone with Zachary Backwell. The man hadn’t moved from his seat at the head of the table, posture straight, hands folded neatly before him as though the entire evening had been nothing more than a prelude. 
I suppose it was. 
“Your father would have stormed out by now,” Zachary said at last, his voice calm, almost conversational. “He never had much patience for theatre.” 
I knew he was right; my father was too serious at times, and if he found his time was being wasted, he would have been gone. I tend to give people the benefit of the doubt before I make my judgments. He always said that would be one downfall one day, and it made me wonder at this moment if he was right. 
“Then it’s a good thing you didn’t invite him to dinner.” 
This earned a slight chuckle from Zachary. 
“Believe me, if ghosts could dine, he’d be here,” Zachary said. “But seriously, Gavin. I’m impressed with you. I might have been off the radar for a long time, but I wasn’t living under a rock. I had been keeping updates on you, and you’ve built quite a reputation. You’ve taken the Landry Foundation further than I 
1/3 
Chapter 752 
had ever seen it and all without the help of your father. It’s something to be proud of.” 
I didn’t like speaking of my father with a man who turned his back on him. 
“Get to the point,” I said, my voice coming out gruffer than I meant it. 
Zachary leaned back in his chair, studying me. 
+15 BONUS 
“The point is simple, Gavin. The past is over. The Moon Gem is back where it belongs. I’m not entirely sure the details of how my daughter received it, but I’m not going ot complain now that it’s back in our family. I know it wasn’t your fault as to how it ended up in your family. You were a teenager when it happened. The feud that formed between our families died with your father, and now that the gem has returned, I’m ready to put the past where it belongs… in the past.” 
I wasn’t sure if I could trust him, but his words were sincere, so I relaxed a little. 
“Is this why you came out of hiding? To reconcile with the Landry family?” I asked. 
“That and because my family deserves more than being stuck in the… shadow region… as you call it. I wanted to make a business plan, and I wanted you to be involved in that plan.” 
“You want to involve me in Blackwell business?” I asked. “After years of silence?” 
“You’ve proven yourself more capable, Gavin. The Landry name holds weight, even beyond these walls. With my family stepping back into the light, I want an ally that the world already trusts.” 
“An ally,” I repeated, my voice flat. “Or a pawn.” 
His gaze sharpened, but he didn’t rise to the bait. 
“That depends entirely on you.” He leaned forward, folding his hands on the table. “Think on it. The Blackwells are back, and this time, we will not be content with shadows. The question, Gavin, is whether you intend to and beside us… or in our way.” 
I held his stare, refusing to look away. My wolf pressed against my skin, restless, already deciding for me. 
But I said nothing. Because the weight of his words wasn’t just about me, through the body, I could feel Judy, unsettled, shaken–somewhere deeper in the manor, her presence tugging at me like a thread I couldn’t afford to lose. 
And I knew, whatever Zachary Blackwell was planning, it would rage us both straight into the fire. 
2/3 
###Take 753
Chapter 753 
Judy’s POV 
The halls stretched long and dark; moonlight slanted through high windows. Selene moved with grace, her hand trailing along the walls, but I slowed when a door creaked faintly open on our left. 
“Esme used to spend a lot of time in here,” she told me, stepping into the room. 
easy 
The air was stale, and my heart squeezed in my chest as I realized where we were. It was a nursery. 
It was heavy with dust, but the crib still stood, delicate lace draped over its frame. Toys lay scattered across the rug–a stuffed wolf, a carved rattle, a tiny silver cup. It looked as though someone had simply walked out and shut the door years ago. 
“We never understood why,” Selene went on to say. “It took years for us to get her to leave this room. Once we shut the door, we never opened it again.” 
“Whose room was this?” I asked, my voice coming out unfamiliar and hollow. 
“Lila’s,” she replied, turning to look at me. “We had it built when she was a baby.” 
I looked around the room again, my chest tight. The scent… it was odd. There was something to this scent that put my wolf in distress. 
“Judy,” I heard his voice through our bond, and suddenly my heart had skipped a beat. “Where are you?” 
I couldn’t answer him; it was like I was stuck in some kind of warp with the walls closing in around me. My breathing, which flowed so easily only a moment ago, felt constricted. I stepped back, a wave of dizziness crashing around me. 
This room… this scent… this manor. 
Why was I feeling this way? 
“Judy, are you okay?” Selene asked, her voice laced with genuine concern. 
I tried to answer her, but I doubted any words left my lips. 
She stepped towards me, her brows pinched together, but just as she reached her hand out, Gavin was by 
my side, wrapping me in his arms. 
“Don’t touch her,” he nearly growled. I could feel that his wolf was on edge, and he was seconds away from tearing every living person up in this manor. I rested my head against his chest, breathing in his calming and familiar scent. “I’ve got you,” he murmured, pressing his lips to my temple. “It’s okay.” 
For once all night, I truly felt he was right. It was okay… I was okay. I had my mate… he would take care of me. I buried my face in his chest, my arms wrapping around him like a vice. 
1/3 
“It’s time for us to leave,” Gavin said, and I wasn’t sure if he was talking to me or to Zachary and Selene. I 
hadn’t even noticed Zachary behind us until Selene softly spoke to him, explaining that I had a minor 
panic attack. 
Was that what that was? A panic attack? 
“Well, I suppose all has been said for this evening,” Zachary said, his eyes finding mine briefly before his 
attention returned to Gavin. “We’ll talk more in the near future. Just think about what I said.” 
Gavin’s body was tense, but he nodded. 
“Yeah,” he murmured, his hand rubbing soothing circles along my back, anchoring me to him. My wolf immediately felt calmer, and my breathing had finally slowed back down to its normal rate. 
We left the nursery behind, but its air clung to me, thick and wrong. Even in Gavin’s arms, my chest still ached, as though the room had stolen something from me I couldn’t name. 
Zachary’s words echoed behind us, smooth and measured, “I’ll see you soon.” 
But it wasn’t his voice that followed me into the night… it was Esme’s. 
As Gavin guided me through the front hall, her hair sat at the far end, waiting in the shadow. Her milky eyes found mine, unblinking, ancient. 
Her lips parted slightly, and in a soft, yet raspy and unused voice, she said the words that haunted my dreams. 
“Blood calls to blood.” 
I glanced at Gavin, wondering if he had heard and seen what I had, but his focus was on the front door, his frown deep and the worry lines on his face prominent. I glanced back in the direction of Esme, and my heart lurched when I saw that she was gone like she had never been there, a whisper in the wind or a forgotten shadow in the corner. 
I stumbled, clutching Gavin’s arm. He stared at me instantly, his body tensing at the look on my face. 
“You’re pale,” he said softly. “What is it?” 
“Nothing,” I whispered, though the word tasted like a lie. 
I rested my hand over my belly as his arm tightened around me. My wolf was silent now, but not calm. She was waiting… she was listening. 
He pushed the front doors open and stood in the cool night breeze, taking in the calming outdoors. 
“Let’s go home,” he whispered. 
I nodded in agreement, wanting nothing more than to leave with my mate. 
###Take 754
Third–person POV 
The night air clawed at her skin, but the real chill came from within. Daisy sank down against the garden wall, phone clutching her hand, her whole body trembling. 
The bond flared suddenly, searing through her veins, and white–hot pain ripped across her chest and belly, making her gasp. Her nails clawed at her skin as the truth hit her–Noah was with someone else… again. 
The mark on her neck throbbed like fire, branding her inside and out. It wasn’t just jealousy; it wasn’t just rage… it was agony. His betrayal was her punishment, forced through the bond until she could barely breathe. 
She pressed the phone to her ear, with shaking hands. In the long run, and then his voice slid in, smooth and cruel. 
“Noah…” she whispered, tears spilling hot down her cheeks. “Please. Please let me come to you. I can’t-” 
“Why are you calling me?” He asked, his voice clipped. “Haven’t I told you not to?” 
“The pain…” she whispered, her voice hoarse. “It’s too much. I did what you asked of me… I stole the gem for your sister. I did your bidding… every single time. I have nowhere to go… no one to turn to. You are all I 
have left.” 
His laugh cut her off; it was cruel and unnerving, sending a chill down Daisy’s spine. 
“You feel it, don’t you?” He murmured. “Every time I touch another woman. That’s what you are to me, Daisy. A reminder of what I own. I don’t owe you anything… It’s me you serve, and you’ll continue to do so until your dying breath.” 
Her heart stuttered. 
“I…I risked everything for you…” Her voice came out barely above a whisper. 
“Enough,” his voice hardened, and with it, the bond constricted. She cried out, clutching at her throat as if invisible fingers squeezed her windpipe. “It seems you need a reminder of who is holding all the cards. Tell me who you belong to.” 
“Please…” she croaked, her face red from the lack of air. 
“Tell me,” he ordered, his voice loud in her head. 
She clutched at her chest, trying to gain some relief, but found none. 
1/4 
Chapter 754 
TID BU 
“I’m yours…” she finally said, her body sagging with defeat. 
“Again.” 
The command snapped through her blood like a whip. She had dropped the phone in her hand to the ground, but his voice was prominent in her head. He was using the bond he forced on her all those years ago to get into her head, making demands she knew she couldn’t refuse. He’s done this for years, keeping her at arm’s length and yet on a tight leash as well. 
He pulled her in, gave her the scraps she needed to survive, and then pushed her away once again, making her feel as if she was nothing. She suffered every single day while he slept with various women… the pain was much worse when he chose to mark them as he did her. 
Noah was different, and she knew it from the beginning; if he marked another, the bond he once had wouldn’t break. He’s able to mate with multiple women and control them as he controls Daisy. She’s still not sure how he manages such a thing, but the amount of power he has is clear. 
She assumed it had something to do with his bloodline. 
The Blackwells were all too powerful. 
The hold on her neck tightened, and she struggled to draw in a single breath. 
“Say it,” he demanded again, his tone darkening. 
“I’m yours,” she gasped, the words pilling out, humiliating and raw. 
The bond loosened–not gone, never gone, but easing enough that she could take a shuddering breath. She fell to the ground, her trembling hands finding her phone as she brought it back to her ear. His breathing was heavy as if he had just run a marathon. 
“Good girl,” Noah purred. “Now do as you’re told, keep quiet. Keep useful, and maybe, if you’re lucky, I’ll let you sleep in my bed again.” 
The line clicked dead. 
Daisy collapsed forward, shaking her shoulder, but even her tears felt hollow now. She wasn’t his mate; she was his prisoner. He didn’t love her, and he probably never did, nor would he ever. She was so stupid to fall for his charms when she was younger… so stupid to think for a moment that he could actually have some feelings for her. 
She thought she could use Lila to break this painful bond between her and Noah, but she was wrong. The gem didn’t work for Lila, and now Daisy felt more alone than ever. 
It made her wonder if Lila was truly Blackwell blood. 
Wiping her tears with trembling hands, Diasy stared at her reflection in the black pond. She had nothing 
2/4 
Chapter 754 
left. No home. No freedom. No love. 
But she had her instincts. 
And if she couldn’t break the chains, she’d break Lila instead. 
+15 BONUS 
3/4 
###Take 755
Chapter 755 
Judy’s POV 
I groaned at the sound of my phone ringing the next morning. I barely got any sleep after the strange dinner at the Blackwell manor, and then when I did finally manage to get some sleep, I was being rudely awoken. 
Gavin’s side of the bed was cold, and his scent was faint, so I knew he wasn’t there before I 
even opened my eyes. He did tell me last night that he had an early morning meeting and probably wouldn’t be here when I woke up, so I was expecting to wake up alone this 
morning. 
I reached over to the nightstand and grabbed my phone off the charger. My eyes were still cold, so I didn’t bother looking at the caller ID before I pressed the answer button and put the phone to my cheek. 
“Hello?” I murmured sleepily, resting my head back onto my pillow. 
“Did I seriously wake you?” Nan asked. “It’s 10:30.” 
“I barely slept last night,” I confessed. “I’m exhausted.” 
“Well, you’d better get your butt up and moving. You have a wedding to plan, and it’s not going to plan itself.” 
“The wedding is months away,” I remind her. 
“That’s right around the corner, Judy. What kind of friend would I be if I didn’t help you create the perfect wedding? You deserve everything after all you’ve been through these last couple of years, and I’m determined to make it happen. So get out of bed, get dressed, and 
meet me downstairs.” 
“Downstairs?” I asked, my eyes popping open. “You’re here?” 
“Duh,” she said, and as if on cue, I could hear Irene in the background asking if I was 
1/4 
1:34 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 755 
coming or not. 
“Are you serious right now? Why do we have to do this today?” 
74070 
+25 BONUS 
“Don’t make me come up there and drag you out of bed because I will,” she said, and I could already see the defiant look on her face. I could hear Irene laughing, and I rolled my eyes. 
It looked like I wasn’t going to be getting any more sleep today, so I slowly got out of bed, my phone still in my tight grasp. 
“Just give me a few minutes to shower.” 
“That’s my girl,” Nan chuckled before the call ended. 
I groaned before grabbing a change of clothes and going straight into the bathroom. I felt better after I took a hot shower. By the time I finished getting dressed completely and had my hair braided down my back, I felt more awake. 
True to her word, Nan was waiting in the front parlor with Irene. They were both going through wedding magazines and cutting out images to go into the blank scrapbook they bought. They were having more fun planning this wedding than I was. I didn’t care about it being a huge event or having a flashy setting… all I cared about was marrying the love of my life and being a true family with him. 
However, I also knew that this wedding was also paired with the Luna ceremony, so it kind of had to be good. Both the Silver Crescent and Redmoon packs were going to be present, and I would be lying if I said I wasn’t nervous. Maybe that was why I kept putting off the planning for this event, because I feared what was going to happen afterward, once I’m officially married to Gavin and the Luna of his pack. 
“Finally,” Nan said when she noticed me standing at the entryway. “Irene got these bridal magazines, and we were just discussing your wedding dress.” 
“My mentor, Sasha, owns a famous boutique in the city. It’s very high–end and expensive, but it’s perfect for this type of occasion. She can design the best wedding dress for you, at a decent price, because you are marrying a Landry. Obviously, money isn’t an issue, though,” 
2/4 
1:34 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 755 
Irene explained. 
48% 
+25 BONUS 
“Do you think she’ll be able to design something that fits a pregnant belly?” I asked, staring down at my growing stomach. I know I should be happy because I was having a baby, but all I felt was self–conscious over the fact that I was about to be a fat bride. 
My insecurity must have shown on my face because Nan wrapped an arm around 
shoulders. 
my 
“You are not fat,” she told me, like she could read my thoughts. “You are pregnant and 
you’re going to be glowing.” 
“Agreed,” Irene said with a nod. “Be kinder to yourself. You’re carrying my baby brother. And to answer your question, yes… she can design something that’ll make you look hot as fuck at your wedding.” 
My cheeks flushed, and I put a hand on my belly. 
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m excited to be a true mother, but I’m nervous. What if I’m not good at being a mom?” 
“Are you kidding me? You got Matt to love you, and he doesn’t love anyone,” Irene said with a soft laugh. “Do you know how many tutors he’s scared away before meeting you? A lot. But you somehow managed to tame him and wish you were his mother in a matter of weeks. That was the most impressive thing I’ve ever seen, even when I kind of hated you.” 
###Take 756
I smiled at her; it was true that she had once hated me, back when she thought I wanted 
Ethan for myself. But after she found out that Ethan had been playing her the entire time 
and that I posed no threat to her, she became one of my best friends. 
If she found it strange that I was marrying her father, she didn’t make it known. 
Nan closed the magazine she was flipping through and grinned at me. 
“Let’s go. I’m thinking of having a girls‘ day today. We’ll go shopping, have some lunch, 
and just enjoy ourselves without the stress of guys and babies.” 
“I love that idea. Plus, I need a distraction desperately,” Irene said, and for the first time, I saw a hint of sadness lingering in her eyes. 
“Are you okay?” I asked her. 
“I just miss Chuck,” she said with a sigh. “He can’t come here this weekend because he has a pack event going on. I miss him so much, and I want to die.” 
“So dramatic,” Nan said with a head shake. 
“You try being far away from your mate and tell me how it feels,” Irene shot back. 
“My question is, why hasn’t he marked you yet?” I asked, my brows furrowed. “You’ve been mated for months now, and he hasn’t even made an effort to mark you or move you to his 
territory.” 
She wrapped her arms around herself and started to worry her bottom lip. 
“I don’t know,” she said softly. “After what happened with Ethan, I’m afraid to get too close to anyone. I think maybe he can see that, and he’s holding back. But also, I’m afraid to ask him for the truth, not sure if I really want to know.” 
“He’s your true mate, Irene,” I tell her. “You shouldn’t be afraid to ask him these questions. 
Do you want him to mark you?” 
1/4 
1:35 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 756 
48% 
+25 BONUS 
“It would make my wolf feel a lot better,” she confessed. “But I’m scared… I have no idea 
what’s truly holding him back. He tells me he wants to be with me forever, but he makes no 
effort to show it.” 
“Words are pretty, but actions speak volumes,” Nan said, a frown marring her lips. “I can see why you need the distraction.” 
Irene nodded. 
“I haven’t even heard from him in over a day.” 
“Have you tried calling him?” Nan asked, her eyes wide. 
She shook her head and looked away from our prying eyes. 
“I don’t want to be a bother to him.” 
“Irene…” I tried to say, but she stood up quickly. 
“Enough about my dramatic love life. Let’s go shopping and forget about all of this,” she said, looping her arm through mine.” 
I was pleased to see that Erik was our driver for the evening. It feels like it’s been a while since I’ve seen him, and he gave me a boyish grin as we approached the car. I was careful not to hug him because I knew Gavin would smell his scent on me, even though he knows Erik is harmless. However, now that I’m pregnant, he’s been extra protective lately. 
We piled into Erik’s car, and he drove into the city. 
“Let me park and I’ll head in with your girls,” Erik said as he searched for a spot. 
“Erik, come on. The pack has been ruled safe since the threat has been eliminated. We don’t need an escort,” Irene complained. 
“Your father would have my head if he found out I let his daughter and pregnant mate out of my sight for a second while in the city,” Erik shot back, raising his brows. 
“Then we won’t tell him,” she said with a sly grin. “Just give us this time… please.” 
2/4 
1.35 PM 
Chapter 756 
48% 
+25 BONUS 
He stared at her through the rearview mirror for a short while before sighing. I knew that 
sigh; he was about to give in to whatever Irene wanted. He always had a soft spot for Irene and could rarely say no to her. 
Once he parked, we got out of the car and started towards Sasha’s Boutique; it was huge and could probably light up the city on its own. Just as we reached the doors, Irene paused and grabbed her phone, her face immediately lighting up. 
“I have to take this. It’s Chuck,” she told us. “Go inside and I’ll meet you in a second.” 
We nodded and walked into the vast space. Just as we were about to step in further to explore all the amazing–looking designs that surrounded us and take in the glamorous atmosphere as a whole, we were suddenly stopped by one of the workers. A sleek woman with long platinum blonde hair and dark blue eyes. She wore a red dress that hugged her curves perfectly, and her hands were placed delicately on her hips. 
She took one look at me and her eyes dropped to my stomach. 
“Sorry, but we don’t‘ make maternity clothes,” she said, her lips curving up in disgust. “Plus, I doubt either of you can afford this place. I’m going to have to ask you to leave.” 
###Take 757
Judy’s POV 
“Who the hell do you think you are?” Nan asked, folding her arms across her chest and pressing her lips in a thin line. “We literally just walked in here, and you don’t know us.” 
“I know enough,” she said, her eyes scanning our clothes. “Like how you got your jeans off a discount shop and how your pregnant friend here is going to need extra fabric to cover that mound of a stomach she’s sporting. It’s going to cost you a pretty penny, and considering you shop at discount stores, I doubt you have the funds.” 
“Just because I’m wearing discount jeans? They happen to be very comfortable. I don’t shop for price, I shop for comfort and fit.” 
I stood shellshocked at the audacity of this woman. I had never seen her before, and she 
didn’t smell like pack. The city was a neutral ground between the Silver Crescent Pack and the Redmoon Pack, and though it’s listed as a neutral territory, it mostly belongs to Gavin. It’s where both his office and the Carter resort are. Everybody in this area knows who Gavin Landry is, including the humans. 
She didn’t smell like a human either, though. 
“What is your name?” I asked, trying not to let her words affect me. If I were going to be a Luna someday soon, I needed to learn to deal with these types of problems. 
“I don’t see how that’s any of your business,” she said, raising her brows. “There’s the door… please leave through it before you embarrass yourself even further.” 
“Is this how you speak to all customers?” I asked her. “Because this is not how you gain business, if so. Are you Sasha Evermoore?” 
Her eyes turned to slits. 
“How dare you speak her name?” she said through her teeth. “I’m her assistant, Keris, and I call the shots while on the floor. We are very busy and we don’t have the time to be dealing 
1/4 
1:35 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 757 
with scum.” 
“Then, in that case… I suppose we will shop elsewhere for my wedding dress,” I said, turning away from her. “I don’t have the time for this kind of thing… or the patience.” 
48% 
+25 BONUS 
“We aren’t going to let her get away with this, are we?” Nan asked, shocked. “She’s being disrespectful.” 
“Two wrongs do not make a right,” I tell her. “We need to be the bigger people.” 
The door opened and Irene stepped in; her eyes were red as if she had been crying, and her face was slightly paler than it had been not long ago. She paused when she saw the looks on 
our faces, and then her eyes shifted to Kerris. 
“What’s going on in here?” She asked. 
“Holy shit, are you Irene Landry?” Kerris’s demeanor completely changed upon seeing Irene. Her eyes lit up, and a wide smile spread across her face. “You are a legend in the fashion world. I’m a huge fan. I heard you’re a VIP customer. I’m new. It’s so nice to finally meet you.” 
Irene blinked, clearly not expecting to be bombarded like this. 
“Um… I’m sorry… who are you?” She asked, her frown deepening. 
“Keris Wheeler,” she said, holding out her hand to shake. Irene just stared at it blankly. “I’m from the Yellowstone pack. I just started this job a few weeks ago. I’m Sasha 
Eevermore’s new assistant.” 
As if on cue, a tall woman with a slender waist and black hair walked into the area. She was 
gorgeous and clearly a huge deal in the fashion world, as evidenced by her impeccable attire and the meticulous styling of her hair and makeup. She looked at Irene with such affection that I immediately liked her. 
Though she was beautiful, she didn’t have an intimidating aura, and she smelled like pack. I haven’t met her, which meant she wasn’t from the Redmoon pack; she was from the Silver Crescent pack. It was such a big pack that there were still so many I hadn’t met yet. 
2/4 
1:35 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 757 
48% 
+25 BONUS 
“Irene, it’s lovely to see you,” the woman said as she stepped towards Irene, giving her air 
kisses on both her cheeks. Irene returned the gesture, her expression softening. 
“Hello, Sasha,” Irene said, confirming my assumption that this woman was Sasha Evermore, Irene’s mentor and a fashion goddess. “I wasn’t aware you hired a new 
assistant.” 
“The last one didn’t work out. I would have loved it if you could have worked for me, but you turned down the job, wanting to pursue something else,” Sasha stated, giving Irene a playful jab. 
“You know I love all you do for me. However, I’m considering becoming a wedding planner instead of a fashion designer. Or maybe I could do both. I haven’t decided yet.” 
“You are still young and there’s plenty of time to decide. Whatever you want to do, I’m sure 
you’ll do great.” 
Irene beamed at the compliment, though I could still see some sadness in her eyes. Something happened when she was on the phone, and I was itching to find out what it was. Nan gave me a knowing look, and I shrugged at her, not entirely sure what to do in this 
situation. 
It seemed that Kerris had completely forgotten that we were there, and her soul focus was 
on Irene. 
“I think I have an idea as to why you’re here, and I’m so excited to help,” Sasha said, her eyes shifting in my direction. She smiled fondly at me, and I couldn’t help but smile back; she had an affectionate smile that made everyone else around her smile in return. 
###Take 758
Though I had never met her before, it was obvious that she knew who I was. Being in Gavin’s pack, most knew who I was by now, and plus, she could probably smell her Alpha all over me. Someone who isn’t from the same pack wouldn’t know that familiar scent… such 
as Kerris. 
“That would be great-” Irene started to say, but I cut her off. 
“Actually, we were just leaving. It seems we aren’t wanted here.” 
Sasha’s face fell, and Irene looked utterly confused as she turned to look at me. 
“W…what?” She asked. 
“Are you seriously still here?” Kerris asked, finally remembering that we were standing 
right there. She didn’t hear Irene’s shocked breath. “Didn’t I tell you that you aren’t wanted 
>> 
“Kerris?” Sasha snapped. “What is the meaning of this?” 
“My discount jeans turned her off,” Nan said, rolling her eyes. “And apparently Judy’s pregnant belly will require extra fabric that we supposedly cannot afford.” 
Kerris’s face paled as she looked at me, then Nan, and then at Irene’s shocked and angered face. 
“Did you seriously tell my friends that they can’t shop here?” Irene asked, her blue eyes turning into icy slits. “To their faces In front of me?” 
“There was a misunderstanding,” Sasha said, trying to dismiss the situation. “Kerris isn’t right in the head right now. Clearly, she’s not well.” 
“I…I don’t understand. You know them, Miss Irene?” She asked, glancing at me and then 
back at Irene. 
I just raised my brows, not wanting to get into it with someone who thinks they are better 
1/5 
1:35 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 758 
than us. 
4336 
+25 BONUS 
“Know them?” Irene asked. “Judy is marrying my father and carrying his baby. Of course, I 
know them.” 
Kerris gasped and covered her mouth with her hands. 
“Wait, what?” She quickly turned to look at me, her eyes wide with alarm. “You’re Gavin Landry’s rumored mate” 
I shrugged and turned away. 
“Does it matter? You’ve made your stance quite clear. We aren’t wanted.” 
“It was a mistake!” She nearly screeched. “I am so sorry. I didn’t mean for—” 
“Is this how you treat all your customers?” Nan cut her off, holding her hand up to stop her rambling even further. “Because as we said earlier, this is not it.” 
“Please don’t let her incompetence turn you off from my boutique,” Sasha said nervously. “I don’t want this to get back to Alpha Landry in any kind of way. He could have my entire 
business shut down in seconds.” 
“I wouldn’t want to do that to you, Sasha,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest. “But I can’t believe you’d hire someone so stupid as your assistant… and not educate her on matters like this. She should have known who Judy was as soon as she walked in the door.” 
“Yes, of course. I’m so sorry. It won’t happen again…” Sasha said before turning to a teary- eyed Kerris. “You’re fired.” 
“W…what?!” Kerris gasped. “It was a mistake! You can’t fire me over a mistake!” 
“I just did. Pack your things and leave.” 
Kerris started to cry uncontrollably and begged for her job as Sasha walked towards her office. Sasha was furious and needed a moment to gather her thoughts, but Kerris was determined to keep her job. 
2/5 
1:35 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 758 
48% 
+25 BONUS 
I would have laughed if I weren’t so worried about Irene. The second we were alone again, Irene’s shoulders slumped, and she let out a breath. 
“Sorry you girls had to deal with that,” she sighed. “It should have never happened.” 
“It’s fine,” Nan said. “Just glad it was dealt with. Now, let’s go through these amazing 
outfits.” 
She began to browse the racks of gorgeous dresses, hoping to find the perfect maid–of- 
honor dresses and bridesmaids‘ dresses. 
Irene looked a bit lost as she stared at the ground. 
I stepped closer to her, concern evident on my face. 
“Hey,” I said softly, drawing her attention to me. “Everything okay? You seem off?” 
She nibbled on her lower lip, and then she nodded. 
“Yeah, I’m okay,” she said softly. “I don’t want to ruin your day.” 
Now I was really concerned; my chest tightened. 
“Is it Chuck?” 
She thought about it for a moment, and then she finally nodded, tears filling her eyes. 
“What is it?” I asked her, trying to get her to talk to me. 
“We got into an argument,” she said softly, giving me a small shrug. “He said he won’t be able to talk to me for the next few days because of work and that he’s calling to tell me that 
he loves me. I was upset and we got into a small fight over it, resulting in him hanging up on 
me.” 
“Oh, Nan… I’m so sorry. I know what it’s like to argue with a mate. I don’t wish it on 
anyone,” I said, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. 1 
“That’s not it…” she whispered weakly. “I called him back to apologize… and a woman 
3/5 
1:35 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 758 
answered. Said Chuck was in the shower now and couldn’t talk.” 
My heart slammed into my stomach. 
“What?” I gasped, not believing what she was saying. 
“I think Chuck is cheating on me…” 
48% 
+25 BONUS 
4/5 
###Take 759
Chapter 759 
Judy’s POV 
“No, absolutely not,” Gavin said on the phone, making my roll my eyes. 
“What do you mean, no?” I asked, defensive. “This is your daughter, Gavin.” 
“And I’ll deal with it myself. You aren’t going halfway across the world to catch Chuck cheating,” Gavin said. 
“That’s final.” 
I pressed my lips into a thin line. 
“You can send security with us,” I suggested. “And just let Alpha Jeremy know that we are heading to his 
territory. It’s not like we won’t be safe.” 
“You are pregnant, Judy, and I don’t exactly have the time to go away right now,” he said firmly, but then he 
softened his tone. “Can you just trust me on this? You are a stubborn one, but I need you to listen to me for 
once.” 
I glanced over my shoulder at Nan and Irene, who were now speaking with Sarah about design ideas. A few 
minutes prior, Sasha had her security drag Kerris out of the store. I’d be lying if I said I was upset about that; 
she got what she deserved, and Sasha seemed amazing, just as Irene had told me. I didn’t want her business to 
struggle just because of one incompetent employee. 
Though Irene was engaged in the conversation, I could tell her mind was elsewhere, and her red eyes were void 
of emotion. 
“You’re not here, Gavin. She’s hurting, and I hate to see it,” I said, my voice coming out barely above a whisper. 
“Haven’t you noticed that he hadn’t come to see her in the last couple of weeks? He keeps making excuses as to 
why he can’t visit… and why she can’t come see him despite her asking. He hasn’t marked her yet… she’s really 
upset.” 
He let out a breath. 
“We will talk more about this tonight,” he said gently. “Don’t make any decisions until we talk.” 
A flutter of hope rose in my chest, and I nodded, despite him not being able to see me. 
“Okay,” I agreed. 
1/34 
2:46 PM Thu 2 Oct 
Chapter 759 
74% 
+25 BONUS 
“I love you. Enjoy your day with the girls and don’t worry about the money. Spend till your heart’s desire.” 
I couldn’t help the small smile that tugged at my lips. 
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” I retorted. “I love you, too, by the way.” 
With that, I hung up and shoved my phone back into my purse before rejoining the girls. Sasha soon had me on a pedestal… literally… and she was taking measurements. She wrote down notes, and both Irene and Nan went over some of the “must have” details for the wedding dress, including the magazine clippings they saved from 
earlier. 
We spent a ton of time in the boutique, and by the time we were finished, Sasha had a design to work with. I was 
exhausted and starving; my belly was rumbling angrily. 
I needed to get some food in my system as soon as possible. 
“We should get going,” Nan said, rising to her feet. “I’m starving, and Judy looks more tired than she did earlier. It’s probably not good for the baby if she’s not resting.” 
Sasha nodded. 
“It was so nice to meet you, Nan, and lovely to meet you finally, Judy,” Sasha said, giving me a kind smile. 
I smiled back. 
“Yeah, you as well,” I said in return. 
She turned to Irene and gave her a big hug. 
“It was so wonderful to see you again. I know you’re busy and all, but don’t be a stranger,” she said, giving 
Irene another air kiss before pulling away. 
“I’ll make sure to visit often,” Irene assured her. 
With that, we turned and walked out, only to find Erik standing at the doorway. 
“I thought you were going to wait in the car,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest. 
“You girls took a long time, so I came here to make sure you were okay,” he explained. “Your father would have my head if I let anything happen to you.” 
###Take 760
Chapter 760 
“We don’t need babysitters,” Irene muttered, brushing past him. “But since you’re here, you might as well join 
us for lunch.” 
She sounded annoyed and unlike herself. I knew it had something to do with Chuck; she was hardening her 
heart because of him. 
“I could eat,” Erik said with a shrug. 
As we walked, Erik leaned in closer to me. 
“What crawled up her ass?” He whispered, as if Irene couldn’t hear us with her wolf’s hearing. 
I gave him a look. 
“Not the time,” I muttered. 
“You’re in a bad mood too?” He asked, raising his brows. “Is everyone in a bad mood?” 
“I’m not,” Nan said with a bright smile. “I’m in a great mood.” 
“Then I’ll stick by your side,” Erik said, moving to the other side of me where Nan walked. “These two are 
seriously about to give me gray hair.” 
Nan laughed. The two of them continued to talk while I caught up with Irene. 
“Do you want to talk about it?” I asked her. 
She glanced at me, her eyes showcasing her sadness. 
“Not right now,” she said with a soft sigh. “I’m assuming my father doesn’t want us going to Jeremy’s territory 
to confront Chuck…” 
“It’s not that… it’s just… well… I mean… yeah,” I finally confessed. “But he said we can talk about it later.” 
“It’s not fair,” she said, shaking her head. “Everybody gets to be happy except for me. Am I doomed to be alone forever? Is that my fate? First, my chosen mate… and now my true mate… what’s wrong with me?” 
“Nothing is wrong with you, Irene,” I assured her, putting an arm around her shoulders. “You are incredible and deserve all the happiness in the world. Also, you’re a Landry for crying out loud. Chuck is an idiot to play you like this, and even if he’s not exactly playing you, he’s an idiot for not cherishing you in the way that he 
1/3 
2:47 PM Thu 2 Oct 
Chapter 760 
should.” 
“I was thinking that maybe I’m just unlovable.” 
74% 
+25 BONUS 
“That’s the furthest thing from the truth,” I told her. “These men are just assholes. But that’s no fault of 
yours.” 
She let out a breath and, through her tear–filled eyes, she rewarded me with a smile. 
“You know… it may be weird to call you mom, but you make a really good one.” 
My cheeks flushed at the compliment, and I had to look away from her. 
“You think so?” 
“I know so,” she said, her eyes lighting up a bit. “I never had a mom because mine died when I was born. And 
you might be my best friend, but you are the closest thing I have to an actual mom. So, thanks for being here.” 
My heart swelled from her words. I was glad to be there for her in a way that a mom would be. It made me feel 
good inside. 
We finally reached the Carter resort restaurant for a late lunch. Amelia, a new waitress at the resort, immediately greeted us. Nan personally trained her before she left to pursue her own dreams of owning a 
restaurant. 
“Hey, Mia,” Nan greeted, giving her a quick hug. “Mind if we get a table?” 
“Only if I can be your waitress,” Mia said, shifting her gaze to Irene for a moment. Even I could see the dollar signs in Amelia’s eyes. Anybody around here would want to serve a Landry’s table because they always tip well. 
Nan taught her that information, and it proved true on many occasions. 
Nan just laughed as she said, “Of course.” 
Amelia beamed and brought us towards a booth near a window that overlooked the harbor. 
“Take a minute to look over the menus, and I’ll be right back,” she said after she finished pouring us glasses of 
water. 
After she left us alone, Erik leaned in and dropped his voice to a whisper. 
2/3 
2.4/ FIVI 
Chapter 761 
77470 
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 761 
###Take 761
Chapter 761 
“So, what was with all the drama at the boutique? Everything okay?” 
“Which part?” I asked. “How Sasha’s new assistant practically kicked Nan and me out because we weren’t dressed to standards, and she thought we couldn’t afford anything?” 
“What a bitch she was,” Nan said, rolling her eyes. “So glad she got fired.” 
“I knew I should have gone in with you. We could have avoided all of that,” Erik said, shaking his head with a deep frown. 
“Yeah, but her true colors wouldn’t have come out, and she would still be working there. Sasha deserves better 
than that,” I tell him. 
He shrugs. 
“Still, when your mate finds out about this, he’s going to be pissed,” Erik warned. “And trust me, these packs 
might be huge, and we might be in neutral territory, but word will eventually get back to him even if we don’t 
tell him ourselves.” 
I knew he was right; Gavin always seemed to find out everything. 
His eyes flickered over to Irene. 
“What about you? What were you doing during that? Did they not recognize you?” He asked. Irene was a fashion 
goddess, and she was featured in numerous magazines worldwide. If you work in the fashion industry, then you 
know exactly who Irene Landry is. 
“I had to take a phone call during all that,” she murmured. “But I showed up at the end and called her out for 
her bullshit.” 
Erik nodded approvingly. 
“Good. Was the phone call anything important?” 
“I don’t see how it’s any of your business,” she said, narrowing her eyes at him. 
He held up his hand in mock defense. 
“I just need to make sure my boss’s daughter isn’t getting herself into any trouble while under my watch,” he 
1/3 
2:47 PM Thu 2 Oct 
Chapter 761 
74% 
+25 BONUS 
said. “I might be the driver, but I’m also a gamma and assigned to be our security officer. Don’t make me lose your father’s trust.” 
“It’s nothing you need to concern yourself with,” she said, glancing down at her menu even though we all knew 
she already knew what she was going to order. She ordered the same side salad every time she came here. 
“As long as you’re okay, that’s all I care about,” he replied, taking a sip of his water. 
Her cheeks flushed, and she looked like she wanted to burst into tears again. 
“If you call suspecting my mate is cheating on me, okay… then yeah, I’m great.” 
Erik’s eyes snapped to hers and darkened. 
“Wait, what?” he asked. “Chuck is cheating on you? How do you know that?” 
Irene went on to explain what had happened on the phone call, and Erik cursed under his breath. 
“So, when are you going there to kick his ass?” He asked, staring between us. 
I wanted to laugh because I was thinking the same thing. 
“Gavin already said no,” I muttered. 
“That’s not good enough; we need to try. Or maybe I can take some leave and go myself.” 
“Without actual proof?” Nan said, raising her brows. “We need to find proof first before we accuse him. It could 
literally mean anything.” 
“He did say we can discuss it further later tonight. So, it’s not a definite no just yet,‘ I assured them. “I’ll see 
what I can do.” 
Erik shook his head as he grabbed his phone. 
“I have connections in Jeremy’s territory. Give me the rest of today, and I can have us all on a flight in 48 hours, 
tops.” 
With that, he stood and walked towards the bathroom with his phone pressed to his ear, and the three were left 
staring after him with our mouths hanging open in shock. 
2/3 
###Take 762
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 762 
Judy’s POV 
“Well, that was weird,” Nan said, her eyes following Erik as he disappeared into the bathroom. 
“Yeah, what do you think that was all about?” I asked, my eyes finding Irene. 
“He’s just being dramatic,” Irene said, rolling her eyes. 
“I’ve never seen him like that before,” I pointed out, raising my brows. “That boy was on a serious mission.” 
Erik returned after a few minutes with the biggest grin on his face. Just as he sat down, Amelia returned to take 
our orders. After she walked away, taking our menus with her, we all turned to Erik at the same time. 
“Okay, spill it. What are you up to?” I say, narrowing my eyes at the gamma who had become one of my closest 
friends. 
“So my buddy, who I went to the academy with, happens to be Alpha Jeremy’s head gamma, Raul,” Erik said, making my eyes widen. “I called him to see if he could come up with some excuse as to why Alpha Gavin would need to go to their territory. Turns out, this weekend is Alpha Jeremy’s annual masquerade.” 
“I’ve heard of the masquerade, but he doesn’t usually invite other Lycans,” Irene said, frowning. 
“Not yet,” Erik said with a sly grin. “But after Raul speaks to him, I’m thinking that might change this year. I 
told him I’ll need at least four invites with plus ones. 
“And who would be included in this trip?” Nan asked, staring between us. 
“All of us,” I said without hesitation. “Obviously, I’d be Gavin’s plus one… you’d be Chesters, and then a ticket for Irene and Erik would just go solo. Boom, four tickets.” 
Erik nodded. 
“Exactly,” 
“Do you really think my father would go for that? What if he declines the invitation?” Irene asked, folding her 
arms across her chest. 
“It doesn’t hurt to try,” I stated calmly. “I’ll talk to him once we get the invites, and then we will go from 
there.” 
1/3 
12:25 PM Fri 3 Oct 
Chapter 762 
88% 
+25 BONUS 
They all looked at me questionably; Irene nibbled on her lower lip nervously. I knew she was nervous about what she was about to find out when it came to her mate. I didn’t want to think that her true mate was stepping out on her, but none of it made sense. I would think he’d do anything in his power to make sure Irene was closer 
to him. Gavin would never let me live in a different territory, and he’s already proved that to me. 
Irene deserved the same treatment from her mate, and the fact that she wasn’t getting it made my heart ache 
for her. I would do anything to put that smile back on her face again, and if that meant traveling halfway across 
the world, then I’d do it. 
Gavin’s POV 
I furrowed my brows when I stared at the invitation on my computer screen. Jeremy’s Masquerade? He held the 
same masquerade ball every year, and not once had he ever invited another Lycan to this event. It was for his 
territory and his territory alone. It was his way of giving back to a community that had done so much for him. 
We had our own events like that as well, and I respected Jeremy for doing the same. 
I had no bad blood with Jeremy… or even Mica for that matter… like I did with Levi. I wondered why there had 
been a sudden change of heart. 
“4 invitations?” I said softly. “Why 4?” 
I would have thought maybe I received this invite by mistake, but my name was front and center. 
I pressed the intercom button, hearing it crackle to life. 
“Elana,” I called my receptionist downstairs. “What’s my schedule for the weekend?” 
“You have that meeting with Alpha Sampson on Friday. Other than that, your weekend is free, Alpha,” she 
replied immediately. 
2/3 
###Take 763
Chapter 763 
I almost forgot about my meeting with Alpha Sampson; he had come to me not long ago, asking for the right to 
build a business in the neutral territory, and the meeting was supposed to focus on his business plan. 
“Can we move the meeting with Sampson until next week? Tell him to send me his business plan, and I’ll go 
over it before we get the chance to talk about it.” 
“Yes, sir,” Elana said. 
I ended the intercom connection just as Taylor walked into my office. Per usual, he didn’t bother knocking. He 
looked at me with a frown as he closed the door behind him. 
“What’s that face for?” 
“What if Judy was in here?” I asked, annoyed by his disturbance. “We could have been-” 
“I would have smelled her if she were,” Taylor said, rolling her eyes. “And I would have smelled the scent of sex 
the second the elevator doors opened.” 1 
He was lucky to be my best friend, because I would have had his head on a stake by now for speaking about her like that. Plus, he’s been mated to Eliza for a long time, so my wolf knew he wasn’t a threat to our mate. 
“Eliza has been wanting to do dinner with you and Judy for a while now. I was thinking we could do something 
tonight?” 
I nodded. 
“Come to the villa tonight. I’ll have our chefs cook a meal.” 
“I’ll let her know,” Taylor said, pulling out his phone and sending his mate a quick text. 
I started to pack up my things for the day, and I stood to my feet. 
“I need to head home to my mate now. I’ll see you tonight,” I tell him. 
He gives me a quick wave as I leave. I didn’t care about leaving him alone in my office; it’s not like he hasn’t done me favors by working in here a ton in the past. While I was way in Levi’s territory… or his former territory, 
Taylor was an active Alpha and took on my workload. 
I didn’t have many secrets from him, and he knew the company just as well as I did. Other than Judy, there was 
1/3 
12:25 PM Fri 3 Oct 
Chapter 763 
no one I trusted more. 
88% 
+25 BONUS 
I sent Judy a quick text telling her we were having company for dinner this evening, and she sent me back a heart emoji. I smiled at the text, unable to contain myself. I loved her with everything I had inside of me, and I 
couldn’t wait to go home to be with her and my family. 
As I pulled into the villa and parked my car, I could already smell her sweet scent, mixed with a few others. Nan 
and Erik were just leaving; Nan gave me a wave. 
“Hey,” Nan said. “Erik is going to give me a ride home.” 
I nodded. 
“Be safe,” I said as I passed them and walked into my home. 
I was immiedalty greeted by my mate who wrapped her arms around me. 
“Hey, baby,” I said, breathing in her calming scent and allowing it to relax my entire body. 
“I missed you,” she whispered, pulling back slightly to look up at him. 
I closed the distance by pressing my lips to hers and showing her exactly how much I missed her. I pulled her even closer until our bodies were flesh against one another. My hands roamed down her curves and splayed out 
across her swollen belly. 
I could feel her exhaustion rolling off her in waves; since we went to the Blackwell manor, she had barely slept in the last few days. I wanted to ask her about it, but I didn’t want to pry. I figured she’d tell me when she was 
ready. 
Her lips molded against mine, moving in a perfect sync that sent my head into a sweet oblivion. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
GET IT N… 
2/3 
###Take 764
Chapter 764 
My tongue slid across her bottom lip, begging for entrance. I needed to taste her. She parted her lips slightly, allowing me entry and permitting me to enter her. I lifted her off the ground, and she immediately wrapped her 
legs around me, her tongue dancing with mine as we both fought for dominance. 
“Bedroom,” I murmured against her lips. 
“Mhm,” she hummed against mine. 
I carried her up the stairs without breaking my lips from hers, my fingers dancing across her skin as I managed 
to open the door and kick it shut once we were in the closed confines of the bedroom. 
I nipped at her bottom lip before licking it and sucking it into my mouth to soothe the sting. She let out a 
breathy moan as I lay her down on the bed and started to kiss down the nape of her neck. 
I wasn’t sure if it was more me or my wolf, but neither of us could seem to help ourselves. My canines 
elongated, and I marked her again, making her whimper with need. My cock twitched eagerly in my pants. I 
needed to be inside of her; we didn’t have enough time for foreplay, knowing that Taylor and Eliza would be 
over for dinner soon. 
14 
I knew I wouldn’t be able to get through the night without marking her in every way as mine. I worked to 
unbutton her blouse, and she stared up at me with hooded eyes and swollen lips. She looked thoroughly kissed, 
and now I was going to make her look thoroughly fucked as well. 
I pulled her shirt off her body before reaching around her and unclasping her bra with expert fingers. I flung it 
across the room, making a show out of it, and she threw her head back and laughed, her breasts jiggling free and exposed in the process. She had the most beautiful laugh I had ever heard, and I caught it with my lips as I kissed her deeply, my fingers reaching for her breasts, squeezing and playing with her hardened nipples. 
She gasped against my lips and let out a deep moan as her eyes rolled to the back of her head. 
I smirked. 
“Needy little wolf,” I purred before capturing one of her nipples with my teeth, making her hiss. I soothed the sting with a gentle kiss and a swipe of my tongue. 
I could smell her desires, and it made my pants feel way too small. 
“Gavin…” she whimpered, her voice pleading. 
1/3 
12:25 PM Fri 3 Oct 
Chapter 764 
88% 
+25 BONUS 
“Tell me what you need, baby,” I said, my voice coming out husky and deep. 
“I need you…” she begged. “Please.” 
She reached down and started to play with the button of my pants, and I smiled as I released her nipple with a 
pop. 
I pulled my shirt over my head, giving her a full display of my toned body. Her eyes shifted from mine and down my torso, lust filling her beautiful gaze. 
“Touch me,” I whispered, barely able to contain myself. “Touch what belongs to you.” 
She reached out without hesitation and ran her fingers down my torso, playing with every ab. My muscles flexed beneath her touch without my control. 
“Mine,” she whispered. 
“Yours,” I agreed. “Every single inch of me.” 
I pulled my pants off, along with my boxers, flinging myself free. She gasped at the sight as if it were the first time she saw me like this. That’s what I loved so much about her, no matter how many times we make love, it’ll always feel like the first time. 
I didn’t keep her waiting for much longer; I gripped her hips firmly before pushing myself deep inside of her, bringing us both into sweet ecstasy. 
###Take 765
+35 BONUS 
Chapter 765 
Judy’s POV 
“Tell me who you belong to,” Gavin ordered, his voice growly as he thrust into me, hitting my most sensitive spots. My back arched with each thrust, and I let out a howl without meaning to. My wolf was in such bliss that 
it was hard to keep her in control. 
“You,” I gasped out. “Always and forever you.” 
“That’s right, baby,” he said, as he ground his hips against mine, moving himself in circular motions. I moaned louder as my fingers slid down his body. “You’re mine… just like I’m yours.” 
He captured my next whimper with his lips, sucking my mouth into his and making them swell even more than 
I’m sure they already were. I was practically seeing stars as he reached between our connected bodies and began 
to play with my clit like he was playing a fiddle. 
I gasped against his lips; my orgasm slammed into me with all its force. 
“That’s it,” he breathed, nipping at my bottom lip. “Cum for me.” 
He didn’t have to tell me twice; I combusted all around him, screaming out his name like a prayer. He kissed all 
along my jawline as he fell over the edge with me, filling me to the brink of everything he was worth. 
Without pulling himself out of me, he wrapped me in his arms and rolled us over, so we were on our side, I was 
facing him, and his arms were tightly around my body, keeping me pinned to him most intimately. 
He peppered kisses along my hairline, his fingers tracing gentle patterns across my lower back. I could still feel 
his cock throbbing inside of me, and honestly, it couldn’t have been more perfect. I didn’t want to part with 
him; I wanted to stay like this all night. But I knew we couldn’t because apparently, we were having company 
over for dinner this evening. 
“How was work?” I whispered. 
His body rumbled with quiet laughter; I couldn’t help but smile as well as I suppressed my own laughter. 
“Is that really what you are thinking about right now?” 
“I didn’t get a chance to ask you earlier since you jumped me the second you walked in,” I teased, my smile 
growing wider as I buried my face in his bare chest. 
1/4 
3:12 PM Sat 4 OCT 
Chapter 765 
+35 BONUS 
“Oh, I was the one who jumped you?” He asked, humor clear in his tone. “Might need to get you a brain scan, my lovely mate, because that’s not at all how it happened.” 
I couldn’t help but laugh as I peeked up at him; he stared down at me, smiling like a lovesick fool. 
“I’m not sure what you’re talking about,” I joked. 
He pressed his lips to my nose and then rubbed his nose against mine, making my cheeks flush. 
“Did you pick out a wedding dress?” He asked, the change in subject matter was taking me by surprise. 
“Sasha is going to design me one,” I told him. 
“Good,” he said softly. “You deserve the best.” 
I bit my lower lip as I thought about my experience at Sasha’s boutique from earlier. I thought about maybe not telling him, but Erik was right; he would find out about it some other way, and he’d be upset with me if it 
wasn’t from me. If I kept something from him… but at the same time, I didn’t want to worry him right now. 
I knew he was still stressing about whatever Zachary Blackwell had discussed with him. I could see it every day 
since our dinner with the Blackwells. I didn’t pry and ask him what was on his mind, though; I figured he would 
tell me when he was ready. 
“What’s wrong?” He finally asked, his eyes studying my expression carefully. 
I sat up so I could look down at him; the blanket falling just enough to show off one of my naked breasts, which 
he noticed immediately, and his eyes darkened at the sight. 
“Before you hear about it from someone else…” I began to say, putting him on immediate alert, his eyes snapped back up to mine. But he didn’t say anything; he waited for me to continue. “I had an issue at the boutique earlier.” 
“What kind of issue?” 
I could feel his wolf was on edge, so I put my hand on his chest to steady him and to remind him that I was okay 
and right in front of him. He covered my hand with his, the warmth of his touch spreading through me like lava. 
“Judy, what kind of issue did you have?” He asked again, his voice softer than it had been a moment ago. 
“Sasha hired a new assistant who looked down on Nan and me. Pretty much said that we are too poor to shop there and that it would cost more to use extra fabric to cover my mound of a belly.” 
2/4 
81% 
Chapter 765 
+35 BONUS 
“The fuck?” Gavin said, now sitting fully upright. His tone had gone growly, and I knew what that meant. “What was her name?” 
“Kerris Wheeler,” I told him. “But Gavin-” 
“She’ll never work anywhere in this region again once I’m done with her,” Gavin said as he got out of bed. He grabbed his boxers off the ground and quickly put them on. 
###Take 766
Chapter 766 
“Sasha already fired her,” I told him, also getting out of bed to grab my bra and panties. 
“That’s not enough. She needs to pay for what she said to my mate.” 
“She didn’t know that you were my mate,” I said, wrapping my arms around him tightly. “It was a misunderstanding.” 
‘It doesn’t matter, Judy. I can’t have that kind of behavior from someone in this pack.” 
“She’s from the Yellowstone pack,” I explained. 
His eyes darkened. 
“So, she’s Alpha Kyle’s,” he muttered. “I’ll have him on the phone to discuss proper punishment.” 
“I think she was punished enough when she was fired. Don’t you think?” 
“No,” he said simply, turning to look at me. “Why didn’t you call me right away and tell me what was 
happening. I could have dealt with it on the spot.” 
“Because if I’m going to the Luna of your pack, I need to learn to stand on my own two feet. I didn’t want to 
bother you with something I could easily handle,” I tell him as I fold my arms across my chest. 
He paused as he pulled his pants on. 
“You are my mate, baby. It is my job to protect you. I know you can stand on your own two feet, and you’re 
more than capable of taking care of things yourself. But as your mate, I need to be informed of these things 
right away. My wolf or I can’t handle anyone hurting you, Judy. Please… just give me that.” 
I’m not sure at what point he moved closer to me, but he was soon standing directly in front of me, his hands on 
my shoulders and his thumbs brushing across the nape of my neck, right over the fresh mark. 
“Okay,” I breathed. “I’m sorry I didn’t call you right away.” 
He bent down and brushed his lips across mine, stealing the little bit of air I had left. I melted into him as his tongue swept across mine, tasting me and reclaiming me as if we hadn’t just spent the last hour claiming each 
other. 
There was a knock on the door, bringing us out of our happy little bubble. Gavin sighed as he grabbed his shirt 
1/4 
IVI 
0170 
Chapter 766 
off the bedpost, not entirely sure how it ended up there. 
+35 BONUS 
When he opened the door, Alex stood on the other side. His eyes widened when he saw that Gavin was shirtless, 
and then his eyes shifted behind him to me, who was still putting on my pants and buttoning my blouse. Gavin 
immediately blocked his view of me and gave him a warning growl. 1 
Alex cleared his throat and straightened his posture. 
“Alpha, the Beta, and his mate are waiting downstairs. Dinner will be ready shortly,” he announced. 
Gavin nodded. 
“Thank you,” he said. “Make sure Matthew and Irene are also ready for dinner.” 
“Yes, sir,” Alex said, giving him a quick bow before walking away. 
Gavin closed the door and turned to me. 
“Okay, we should head downstairs,” he told me, coming towards me with a small smile. “We’ll talk more about 
this later. But Kerris will get what she deserves. You have my word on that.” 
I let out a breath, knowing there was no convincing him otherwise. 
“Okay,” I finally relented. 
Once we finished getting dressed, we started to head out of the room and down the stairs. 
“Oh, by the way. Clear your schedule for this weekend,” he said over his shoulder. “We are taking a trip.” 
I blinked. 
“A trip?” 
“Yeah, we were invited to Alpha Jeremy’s Masquerade ball on Saturday. Was thinking we can leave Thursday 
night and make a little vacation out of it.” 
I raised my brows; I knew why we were invited to the ball, thanks to Erik and his gamma connections. I couldn’t 
believe that it worked so quickly, though; it was only this afternoon that Erik made the phone call. I didn’t even 
have the time to talk to Gavin about it. 
“That’s great,” I said, a little too cheerfully. “How many invites did we get?” 
He glanced at me with a frown. 
2/4 
3:12 PM Sat 4 Oct 
Chapter 766 
“What makes you think we got more than one?” 
My cheeks reddened. 
“I… uh… assumed,” I said, looking away from him. 
He studied me for a moment, neither of us walking as we stood on the bottom of the stairs. 
? 81% 
+35 BONUS 
“We got 4,” he finally answered, though I could still feel his eyes studying me. “Why do I get the feeling you 
had something to do with this?” 
“What?” I asked. “No way…” I wasn’t even convincing to my own ears. 
“Mhm… It’s just weird that you mentioned going to his territory with Irene, and now suddenly I’m getting 
invited to his territory. Is there a coincidence?” 
I blinked a few times, trying to clear my thoughts and figure out what to say. 
“I… uh…” I stammered, unsure what to say. 
“What are we talking about?” Irene asked as she walked down the stairs, Matt following behind her. 
Without Gavin looking up at her, he said, “Pack your things… the Landry’s are going on vacation.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
GET IT N… 
###Take 767
Chapter 767 
Chapter 767 
Judy’s POV 
The dining room smelled of roasted chicken and rosemary, the scent making my stomach growl even as my baby fluttered low in my belly. I smoothed a hand over my small swell, my mind tumbling through the thing I hadn’t said out loud yet; my nerves, my hopes, my fear that I wasn’t doing enough to belong in this family… in this pack. I wasn’t just going to be a mother; I was going to be a Luna as well. 
I never thought that I would ever be either, and it was a huge responsibility. I had one dream in life, and that was to be a gamma warrior… that was what I worked so hard to be, and now it’s like my dreams had all shifted to surround this little bean inside of me. 
“Where are we going for vacation?” Matt asked, bouncing on his toes excitedly. It was rare that I saw Matt act his age; he was only 9, and he was the youngest shifter to ever be known in existence, not to mention an incredibly skilled fighter. It made me smile to see him so excited. 
Irene had given me a wide–eyed look when Gavin mentioned a family vacation, and I gave her a slight wink, indicating that her suspicions were true; we were going to Alpha Jeremy’s pack, Blood Thorne. 
Jermey’s territory was European and a place I always wanted to visit. 
“Blood Thorne,” Gavin told him. 
“Where is that?” Matt asked, his eyes wide. 
“France,” Irene said with a grin. “It’s Alpha Jeremy’s territory.” 
“Ohhh! I always wanted to go to France!” Matt said excitedly. 
“Good, because we are going in a couple of days,” Gavin announced. “I was sent tickets to the Masquerade ball. Though Matt, you won’t be able to attend the ball, I’m sure there will be something we can find for you to do.” 
“Why can’t I go to the ball?” He asked, pouting. 
“It’s for adults,” Gavin told him. 
“What are we talking about?” Taylor asked. I hadn’t noticed him and Eliza seated at the table when we entered. 
Eliza stood and gave me a hug as I neared her. 
“How are you feeling?” She asked, placing her hand on my belly. She can’t help herself; even when she’s not on duty, she’s still working. 
I smiled at her. 
“I’m feeling incredible,” I tell her. 
“Good; any abdominal pain?” 
“None,” I assured her. “Don’t fuss over me, Eliza. We didn’t invite you here so you can work.” 
She blushed at my words and sucked her bottom lip into my mouth. (1 
1/4 
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 767 
“I’m sorry,” she said sheepishly. “Sometimes I can’t help it.” 
“What do you say, Eliza? Up for a trip?” Taylor asked, interrupting our little side conversation. We both turned to see Taylor and Gavin staring over at us. Gavin must have told him about our trip to Jeremy’s territory. 
“A trip?” She asked, blinking. “Where?” 
“Blood Thorne,” Taylor told her. “Alpha Jeremy’s territory.” 
“Isn’t that a pack in France?” she asked, raising her brows. “I did some work over there a couple of years ago.” 
Taylor nodded. 
“We were just invited to a Masquerade ball over the weekend,” Taylor said, nodding his head towards Gavin. 
Eliza frowned. 
“I have patients here; I can’t exactly go away for a whole weekend,” Eliza said, a crease forming between her 
brows. 
“We can get someone to cover your patients,” Gavin told her as he took his seat, motioning for me to sit beside him. “I wanted you to come along specifically for Judy. I worry about her being so far away during this fragile state of pregnancy, and considering it’s high risk, I wanted you to remain close to her during this trip.” 
Eliza’s frown didn’t ease, though her expression softened slightly. 
“I don’t trust anyone else with my patients,” she said softly. 
“It’s only for the weekend, and I can help you choose a proper candidate to take over,” Gavin assured her. ” There has to be someone you trust at least a little.” 
She thought about it for a moment before she let out a breath. 
“I suppose I can find someone,” she murmured before she lifted her gaze to her mate. “Okay, I suppose we can go.” 
Taylor’s face lit up with excitement. 
“Excellent,” he said, clapping his hands together. 
“These invites include a plus one, so that still leaves us with one ticket left. I’m not entirely sure why he sent me so many,” Gavin said, his eyes shifting to me. I knew he suspected something, considering I mentioned going to his territory prior to these invites. But I feigned innocence. “Any idea who we should invite next?” 
“How about Nan?” I asked quickly. “She can bring Chester.” 
“I had a feeling that’s what you’d say,” Gavin said with a smirk. 
“Can we bring Erk too?” Irene asked, her eyes shifting to her father. “He can be my plus one… it would be good to have a bodyguard, and Erik knows us the best. I think he’d be a better traveling companion than anyone else.” 
Gavin thought about it for a moment before he nodded. 
2/4 
Chapter 767 
+25 BONUS 
“I’ll talk to Erik tomorrow,” Gavin said. 
Just then, our dinner arrived. My stomach growled even more at the sight of the delicious food. I said my thanks to the maid who placed a plate in front of me, along with a glass of water. 
Chapter 768 
+25 BONUS 
###Take 768
Chapter 768 
For a few moments, we ate in silence, each consumed in our own thoughts. Taylor was the first to break the quiet. He leaned back in his chair, his smile tugging just a little crooked, that easy charm of his slipping into the room like sunlight through the curtains. 
“Well,” he said, lifting his glass. “I suppose I should start practicing how to walk without tripping over a tuxedo. It’s been a while since I’ve gone to a formal event, and I never do well with them.” 
Eliza’s lips curved as she smoothed her napkin across her lap. 
“Maybe you should take me out more,” she teased before she glanced at me. “Last time he took me somewhere nice, he managed to spill his wine all over the table, ruining my dress.” 
I bit my lip to stifle a laugh. 
“It was one time, and it was an accident,” Taylor shot back, mocking offense. “And I bought you a new one. Didn’t I?” 
“You did,” she said, leaning over and pecking his lips with hers. “An even better one, I might add.” 
“I’m not all bad,” Taylor said, shrugging one shoulder. 
Eliza giggled, and I couldn’t help but smile at their affection; they are both so consumed with work all the time that I forget that they are a mated and loving couple. It makes my heart swell knowing that they have found one another, and they stuck it out no matter what life threw at them. No amount of distance could come between their mate bond, and I wondered if Gavin and I would ever reach that point. I still felt like our bond was fragile, but I think that’s because it’s still so new. 
Irene was also watching Taylor and Eliza; her expression was more somber, though. I knew she was thinking about Chuck at that moment. Chuck, her mate, who lived in the Blood Thorne Pack and hadn’t invited Irene to move in with him, or made any attempt to fully claim her yet. The mate she’s convinced was with other women when he’s not with her, even though she doesn’t want to admit that out loud. 
This wasn’t just a family vacation for her… nor was it for me. We were on a mission to see if it was true. To see if the man she came to love over these last few months truly was cheating on her and making a fool out of her. 
My heart ached at the thought of something like this happening again. Irene deserved a happily ever after, and the thought of yet another man playing her was something I couldn’t even comprehend. 
The conversation shifted to more of a business aspect on Gavin’s and Taylor’s end. I heard Zachary Blackwell coming up a couple of times, and I felt my blood go cold at the sound of the Blackwells‘ name. I hadn’t had any further dreams like I had a few nights ago, but the old woman’s voice still echoed in my head, something I could never forget. 
Blood calls to blood. 
It’s now known that the Blackwells, now that they are out of hiding, want to collaborate with the Landry Foundation, though I’m not sure if Gavin has fully accepted the offer yet. He’s been lost in thought since we left the manor a few days ago, and I’ve been wanting to ask what’s been running through his head, but I knew he wouldn’t tell me the truth. 
?. 
Chapter 768 
+25 BONUS 
When dinner concluded, Eliza and Taylor left so they could get a head start on packing. 
“I need to make some phone calls in my office to make sure everything is taken care of for the weekend,” Gavin tells me as he presses his lips to the corner of my mouth. “I’ll be up shortly. You should start packing too. It’s a bit colder this time of year in France, so pack accordingly.” 
“Yes, sir,” I said, my lips tipping into a smirk. 
He raised his brows and wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me close to him. 
“Sir, huh?” He asked, a flirtatious glint to his tone. He pressed his lips to my ear and whispered, “Save that for later.” 
I flushed and bit back a grin before he placed another kiss on my temple and left the dining room. Matt had already taken off, so he could pack his stuff as well; he was more excited for this trip than anything. 
As I started to make my way upstairs and towards the bedroom, I spotted Irene, who was about to disappear into her room. 
“Hey,” I said before she could close the door. She turned to me, and I saw her eyes were red with unshed tears. I swallowed. “Are you doing okay?” 
She stared at me for a moment longer before she let out a breath. 
“I’m scared,” she admitted. “Because I have no idea what I’m going to find once I get there…” 
“Whatever it is, we will face it together. You know we have your back, Irene,” I told her, hoping my words came across as genuine. 
Before she could reply, her phone rang. She glanced down at the screen, and more tears filled her eyes. 
“I have ot take this,” she whispered. She pushed the talk button and pressed the phone to her ear. “Hey, Babe,” she said just as she shut the door. 
###Take 769
Chapter 769 
Chapter 769 
Judy’s POV 
+25 BONUS 
The air was murky as I sat by the riverbank, overlooking the crossing borders between Silver Crescent and Redmoon. My toes disappeared in the water, the fish nibbling at my toes. The sun was warm, though it didn’t feel hot enough to burn. I let out a breath, allowing the sun to soak through me, washing away the stresses. My belly was big, and I could feel my baby moving inside of me. 
I placed my hand on the swell of my belly, feeling his feet push against me, and I couldn’t help the smile that grew on my face. I lay on my back, closing my eyes, resting in this solitude for the time being. 
But then I felt the sun disappearing and the clouds that appeared overhead. I opened my eyes, frowning up at the darkened sky. An eerie feeling washed over me, causing me to sit up. I was no longer in a tranquil state of mind; anxiety had taken over completely. I looked around, suddenly feeling as though I wasn’t alone. 
My breath hitched when I saw a woman walk towards me; smoke rose from the ground, surrounding her as she walked. As she neared, my eyes grew large. 
“Esme…” I whispered, not believing fully that it was her. She was a lot younger than she had been when I last saw her at the Blackwell Manor. She wasn’t in a wheelchair either; she was walking towards me, as if she owned the very ground she occupied. She wore a white dress, which stood out in the sudden smoky atmosphere, and her eyes shone with something defined. 
She stopped only inches from me, her eyes never leaving mine. 
“Your destiny is waiting,” she said, her voice powerful and yet musical at the same time. “We have been waiting a long time for your return. You mustn’t run. You must take charge.” 
“I don’t understand,” I said, my voice echoing. “Who are you? What destiny are you talking about?” 
“Trust your instincts,” she said, ignoring my questions. “Your destiny is waiting.” 
“Please, can you give me any kind of answers?” 
My baby kicked rapidly in my belly, and my heart lurched as I pressed my hands to my stomach, my fingers trembling. Was something wrong with my baby? 
“Blood call to blood.” That was all she said before my eyes flew open and I sat up quickly in bed. 
The alarm clock on the end table was going off loudly, blaring through the bedroom at 4 am. My heart was racing, and I could feel sweat trickling down my forehead and across my face. I placed my hands on my belly, my fingers still trembling. My belly was a lot smaller than it had been in my dream, and my baby wasn’t kicking nearly as much, only a small flutter here and there. 
1/3 
Chapter 769 
+25 BONUS 
The spot beside me was empty, and I had a moment of panic because I had no idea where Gavin was. But then I heard movement in the bathroom, and I let out a breath. He must have woken early so he could take a shower. I lay back in bed, my heart still beating rapidly in my chest. 
It was just a dream, I told myself. Nothing but a dream. But then why did it feel so real? And why did it feel like a warning? 
I closed my eyes, trying to level my breathing. I was okay… my baby was okay. That was all that mattered right now. I was lost in thought, my body relaxing, and I didn’t notice the bathroom door opening or Gavin approaching until I felt the warmth of his lips on the corner of my mouth. 
I opened my eyes slowly to see him staring down at me. His eyes were shining with compassion and love. His hair was wet from his shower, and he smelled like him, making my heart swell. 
“Good morning,” he said softly, placing another soft kiss on my lips. I smiled at him, unable to help myself. The dread from the dream I had faded away, and all that was left was just me and him. “Did your alarm go off?” 
He glanced at the clock on my bedside table with a small frown. 
“Yeah, I wasn’t sleeping,” I tell him as I sit up, my hair falling over my shoulders. “I was just resting my eyes.” 
A smile tugged at the corner of his lips, and I knew from the look he gave me that he didn’t believe 
me. 
“Resting your eyes, huh?” He asked. 
“Yup,” I tell him. “No sleeping here.” 
He moved so fast, I didn’t see him coming until he was practically on top of me, tickling my sides and making me laugh so hard I nearly peed myself. I wrapped my arms and legs around him like a koala, keeping him in place. 
He smirked. 
“Do you really think this position will save you?” He moved in a way that showed me just how much he was affected by this position. I could feel every inch of rubbing against my core, making me nearly salivate with need. He smirked when he smelled my desires, and then he pressed his lips to mine in a deep and hungry kiss, but it didn’t last nearly as long as I wanted it to before he pulled himself off me. “We don’t have time. We have to finish packing, get dressed, round everybody up, and get going. Our flight takes off in under 2 hours.” 
2/3 
###Take 770
Chapter 770 
Chapter 770 
+25 BONUS 
I sighed and sat up fully, staring at him as he crossed the room, grabbing a shirt out of the closet. I could help but stare at his muscles as he put the shirt over his head. I wanted to reach out and touch him. My heart was racing so fast, and I just needed to be close to my mate. My wolf needed it too. 
“Stop looking at me like that, baby,” he said, staring at me with a dark and lust–filled gaze. “Or we’ll never leave this room. Get dressed. We really have to get going.” 
I rolled my eyes as I got out of bed. 
“It’s your private plane. They take off whenever you tell them to take off,” I remind him as I grab my 
own clothes and head towards the bathroom. 
“Even my private plane has a schedule to maintain,” he calls after me just as I shut the door. 
After I showered and got dressed for the day, I finished packing up the rest of my last–minute stuff. Gavin went to wake up Matt and finish getting him packed as well. Nan and Chester arrived within 30 minutes of me finishing; they had all their belongings and were eagerly waiting for the rest of us. Irene was the very last one to finish packing. In a typical Irene fashion, she packed her entire life 
away. 
“You don’t need all that stuff,” Gavin said, rolling his eyes at his daughter. 
“Um, yes, I do,” she said, raising her brows. “I’m going there to see my mate; I need to look my 
best.” 
“He’s your mate. He’ll love you no matter what you look like,” Gavin told her, tucking her hair behind her ear. “You don’t need to try that hard.” 
She smiled at him, but I didn’t miss the flicker of doubt in her eyes and a bit of sadness on her face. 
When we got outside, Erik was waiting for us in front of a shuttle bus. I was honestly surprised to see a bus and not a limo. When I looked at Gavin to ask him about it, he just shrugged. 
“I figured it’d be better to transport our belongings in a bus than it would be in a limo.” 
I nodded in agreement. 
We got into the bus and Erik drove us down to the Silver Crescent airstrip, where Gavin’s plane 
stayed. 
There were a couple of gammas there as well, waiting for us. They helped us load our luggage into the plane, and then we boarded. I forgot how luxurious Gavin’s plane was. The polished mahogany trim, the soft leather seats that wrapped around you like a warm hug, and the faint scent of cedar and Gavin’s cologne lingering in the air. Everything about it screamed Gavin’s name. 
1/3 
Chapter 770 
+25 BONUS 
Eliza and Taylor had already found their seats; she was going over medical notes on her tablet while Taylor was pretending to nap, but his eyes opened slightly as Matt darted past him. 
Nan and Chester had just found their seats as well, and he was wrapping his arms around her protectively, like he feared what might happen if he didn’t hold her. Then there was Irene, who was sitting alone, clearly lost in thought, and Erik, who was also sitting alone, but I didn’t miss the way he kept glancing at Irene, and it made me raise my brows. This was something I hadn’t considered; he’s worked alongside the Gavin family for so long, could he possibly have feelings for Landry 
Heiress? 
Gavin pulled me into a seat and wrapped an arm around me. I smiled up at him, all other thoughts leaving my mind the moment his lips were on mine. 
“So, are you going to tell me what this is really about?” He asked, once we pulled apart. 
I blinked at him. 
“What do you mean?” I asked him, trying to sound as innocent as possible. 
“Alpha Jeremy has held this masquerade every year for over a decade, and he’s never once invited outsiders, even other Lycans. Then suddenly we are all invited. It’s not a coincidence, Judy,” he says as he bends down and brushes his lips across mine in a sweet and yet quick kiss. “This has your name written all over it. Now, tell me what you did.” 
###Take 771
Chapter 771 
Chapter 771 
Judy’s POV 
+25 BONUS 
The landing gear thudded against the runway, jolting me out of half–sleep. Pale light poured through the oval windows, welcoming a new day for France. We had flown all day to reach our destination, and I was beyond exhausted and jetlagged. 
Gavin kissed my temple before he stood, offering his hand to help me up. I took it without hesitation and allowed him to pull me off the plane with the others. When we stepped off the plane, the air was cooler, crisper, carrying a faint scent of rain and pine. The mountains that edged the horizon looked like they’d been carved from mist and memory. 
A sleek black SUV waited on the tarmac. Standing beside it was a tall man in a tailored gray coat, his dark hair perfectly swept back, his stance radiating the kind of confidence that came from being second–in–command. I already knew who he was because I recognized his appearance from the Gamma competitions. He wasn’t there the entire time, but he appeared occasionally beside Alpha 
Jeremy, and even then, his confidence was evident. 
“Monsieur Alpha Landry. Luna Landry,” he said, nodding at both Gavin and me. I didn’t bother correcting him, and I was pleased to see that neither did Gavin. I wasn’t a Luna yet, but I suppose that didn’t matter because I would be as soon as we did the ceremony. “I am Raul Delcour, Beta of 
the Blood Thorne Pack.” 
Raul’s voice was smooth with a French accent that wrapped around every word. We were truly in France, and I was giddy with excitement. 
Gavin offered his hand, shaking Raul’s firmly. 
“We appreciate the welcome, Beta.” 
Raul stepped back to look at our group as a whole; his eyes assessing as if he was thinking about 
something. 
“We have set you up in our most luxurious hotels. However, there has been a slight delay, so Alpha Jeremy asks that I take you straight to the packhouse,” Raul said, his eyes finding Gavin’s again. 
“Of course,” Gavin said, nodding his head. 
The gammas that came along with us loaded the SUV with our belongings before they went over to speak with Erik. After a few moments, they parted ways. They went into another car with a few of the French gammas while Erik accompanied us. 
Once we were all piled into the SUV, Raul drove us to the packhouse. The drive took less than 30 minutes, winding through narrow roads flanked by thick woods and stone fences draped in ivy. It felt centuries away from Silver Crescent’s modern sprawl–this was old land, sacred and guarded. 
1/3 
Chapter 771 
+25 BONUS 
When the gates came into view, I inhaled sharply. The Blood Thorne Packhouse was more a chateau than a residence, sprawling across the hillside like a sleeping beast. Gray stone walls climbed towards ornate towers, every window glowing amber against the overcast sky. 
As the car rolled to a stop, a few wolves in dark uniforms bowed respectfully. Their movements were precise, almost rehearsed, the kind of discipline you only saw in packs where tradition ruled everything. 
Raul led up the steps. 
“Please, this way.” 
Inside, the air smelled faintly of oak, firewood, and something older…. Incident magic, maybe? Chandeliers hung low, their crystals scattering light across portraits of past Alphas. 
Gavin placed his hand on the small of my back and guided me through the packhouse behind Raul. The others trailed behind us, all looking at different things as we walked. The grand doors at the end of the corridor opened before we reached them. A tall man stood waiting inside. Alpha Jeremy 
himself. 
His presence filled the room like a storm contained in fine clothing. Sharp blue eyes, silver–threaded hair, and the kind of charm that could make anyone forget to breathe. 
“Alpha Landry,” Jeremy greeted, smiling widely, taking his hand and clapping him on the back in one of those hugs that guys do. “It’s good to see you.” 
“You as well. I have to be honest, I was a bit surprised when I received your invitation. I didn’t think you’d ever invite outsiders to your territory.” 
“Times are changing, and I figured after all you’ve been through with Levi, you deserved to have a little fun. What better way to have fun than at my masquerade?” 
“I can’t argue with that,” Gavin said with a laugh. “I’m sure you remember my mate, Judy?” 
Jeremy’s eyes flickered to me, and he bowed his head as he took hold of my hand and brought it to his lips. 
“How could I forget the champion of the Gamma competition?” he said, placing a gentle kiss on my knuckles before releasing my hand. Gavin immediately grabbed my hand and subtly wiped the moisture from Jermey’s lips with his thumb. I knew he was fighting back a scowl, and I bit my lower lip to keep from grinning at him. 
###Take 772
Chapter 772 
“And I suppose this is the rest of your lovely family?” Jeremy asked, peeking around us to look at the 
others. 
Gavin stepped aside. 
“This is my daughter, Irene, and son Matthew,” Gavin introduced. “This is my Beta, Taylor, and his mate, Eliza. She’s also our pack doctor.” 
“Oh yes, I know Eliza. She’s helped out at this pack more times than I could count,” Jeremy said, nodding at Eliza, who looked a bit sheepish at the compliment. 
“It’s good to see you again,” Eliza said, nodding at him. “And I was just doing my job.” 
“You do it superbly,” Jeremy replied. 
“That she does,” Gavin agreed. “And these are our friends Nan and Chester; they are mates. I suppose they are pretty much part of the family.” 
“Sister by choice,” I added, smiling at Nan, who smiled back at me. 
“And then one of my gammas, Erik,” Gavin said, motioning for Erik, who gave Jeremy a slight nod. 
“Well, it’s a pleasure to officially meet all of you,” Jeremy said, nodding at each of them. “I hope you enjoy your stay in my territory and don’t hesitate to come to me if you need anything. The masquerade will be tomorrow evening, and I’m looking forward to seeing you there. My mate, Cecelia, is busy at the moment, but she’s looking forward to meeting you. You should come back later this evening for dinner and meet her.” 
“Yeah, that sounds great,” Gavin said. 
“I’m sure you’re all exhausted from your travels,” Jeremy said before turning to Raul. “Be sure that their rooms are ready and help them get settled.” 
“Yes, Alpha,” Raul said without hesitation. 
We said goodbye to Jeremy, and we headed back outside and into the SUV. I glanced at Irene, who was fiddling with her fingers and nibbling on her lower lip. I knew she was nervous; this wasn’t just a trip for her… we were here to find out the truth about Chuck. I told Gavin the entire truth on the plane, and though he wasn’t happy about being part of this scheme, he wasn’t as upset as I thought he would be. He was more upset over the fact that Chuck might be playing his daughter for a fool. 
“Any sign of him yet?” I asked Irene, drawing her attention to me. She shook her head, her eyes fixed out the window. I reached over and grabbed hold of her hand. “It’s going to be okay. No matter what happens, we are here.” 
1/3 
Chapter 772 
+25 BONUS 
She glanced at me, letting out a breath, before she nodded. I didn’t push her to speak; we remained silent for the rest of the ride until we reached one of the biggest buildings I had ever seen. It looked more like a manor than a resort–white stone wall climbing with ivy, wrought–iron balconies lined with lanterns, and arched windows that glowed like honey in the fading light. 
“Welcome to your temporary home,” Raul said as he stepped out of the car, opening the back door 
for us to get out. 
The doors to the hotel swung open, and bellhops rushed out to collect our luggage, and within minutes, we were swept into the marble lobby. Everything gleamed–polished floors, soft candlelight, a chandelier that looked like it had been stolen from a royal ballroom. I couldn’t help but feel underdressed standing there in travel clothes while tourists and pack members in elegant coats 
passed by. 
Raul walked us towards the front desk, where a pretty brunette stood, a smile lighting up her face. She was young, maybe around my age, with warm brown eyes and rosy cheeks. 
Her name tag read: Clarissa. 
Raul greeted us in her French and he checked us into our rooms, switching between French and English effortlessly. Clarissa spoke pretty good English as well and greeted us all as she handed us each a room key. When she handed one to Irene, Irene completely froze, her eyes wide. 
Clarissa frowned, cocking her head to the side, clearly confused by Irene’s sudden reaction to her. 
“Irene?” I asked, nudging her towards the key. 
Irene blinked a few times, snapping herself out of her stupor as she grabbed the key, forcing a smile at Clarissa and then turning away. 
That was strange. 
Gavin, Taylor, and Raul talked for a few minutes off to the side, probably going over things with Raul before he left. I went over to Irene, who was staring out the window, trying to avoid Clarissa, it 
seemed. 
“Irene, what happened? What’s wrong?” I asked. 
She started at the sound of my voice, but when her eyes met mine, I saw the tears in them. 
“She’s carrying his scent…” she whispered. “She smells like my mate…” 
2/3 
###Take 773
Tak
Chapter 773 
Chapter 773 
Judy’s POV 
+25 BONUS 
The look on Irene’s face was heartbreaking. It was clear that she was trying so hard not to cry. I wanted to wrap her in my arms and hug her, but I also didn’t want to make a scene when she was trying hard to be casual. She kept looking out the window, like she expected Chuck to just show up, but I knew he wasn’t going to. I overheard one of the gammas saying there was a retreat this evening and that most were attending. I assumed that meant Chuck as well, though some did stay behind for security purposes. 
“She could smell like him for any reason,” I tried to reassure her. “Maybe they are friends. They could have passed by each other, and she could still carry some of his scent from just their arms touching.” 
She shook her head, her eyes averted from me. 
“The scene is stronger than that,” she said softly. “Much stronger.” 
“Maybe a relative?” I said, trying to come up with a logical explanation. “You know that when you are related to someone, sharing the same blood, you can carry a similar or even the same scent.” 
Though Chuck had said he didn’t really have any family. 
She narrowed her eyes at me, and I could see the look of disbelief on her face as she stared at me. 
“You, out of everyone, should know that we can tell the difference,” she said, shaking her head at my 
words. 
My cheeks flushed; she was right. I knew that we could tell the difference. I let out a breath, not sure 
what more to say. 
“Hey, what’s going on?” Nan asked as she approached. “We are about to head to our rooms. I’m excited to see what mine looks like. Erik went with the other gammas to bring our things to our rooms before they head to theirs. We are just waiting for you two before we follow them up. 
I glanced behind her to see that Gavin, Chester, Taylor, and Eliza were indeed waiting. Gavin was staring at me with a worried expression on his face. His eyes flickered to his daughter and then back at me. I knew from the look on his face and his subtle expression that he was silently asking me if she was okay. 
I gave him a quick nod and then gestured with my hand to give us a moment. I turned back to Irene. 
“Are you going to be okay?” I asked her. “Truly?” 
“I don’t know,” she admitted, nibbling on her lower lip. “It’s just too much. I’m not sure if this is a 
1/3 
Chapter 773 
good idea after all.” 
“Wait, what’s going on?” Nan asked with a frown, staring between the two of us. 
+25 BONUS 
“That woman over there… at the check–in desk… she smells like Chuck. Like strongly. Like they’ve been together,” Irene murmured, making Nan’s eyes grow wide. 
“That could mean anything,” Nan tried to say, but I stopped her. 
“I’ve already tried that,” I said softly. “Irene was right, we’d be able to know the difference.” 
“But wouldn’t you have felt it if he were with another woman? You wolf would feel it,” Nan suggested, her brows raised. 
“Not if he hasn’t marked her,” I said, shaking my head. “And they aren’t together long enough to form a strong bond like that. So, with the distance between them, she wouldn’t feel anything.” 
“You’re not helping,” Nan murmured, folding her arms across her chest. 
“I don’t need helpful, I need logic,” Irene argued back. 
“Okay, let’s not fight,” I said, holding up my hands. “We aren’t the enemies, and we aren’t here to pick with each other. We are here to help Irene and figure out what her mate is hiding. It might not be as bad as we think, or it might be worse. We don’t actually know anything yet. So, let’s just take this one step at a time.” 
“Sorry, you’re right. We are here for Irene. Despite what they might think,” Nan said, motioning to behind her where the others still stood. 
I bit my lower lip. 
“Actually, I might have told Gavin about the real reason behind us being here.” 
“You what?!” Nan and Irene nearly shouted. 
“How could you tell my father” Irene asked, her eyes wide with horror. 
“He’s my mate… I can’t lie to him. He knew something was up and asked me about it. Don’t worry, he’s not upset.” 
“He will kill Chuck the first opportunity he gets,” Irene hissed. “He has a temper. You know this!” 
“Yeah, well, if Chuck is really being faithful, then there’s nothing to worry about.” 
She opened her mouth to say something, but then clamped her lips. 
“We should get to our rooms,” Nan said again. “I’m exhausted, and if we are expected to attend a dinner tonight, I need my beauty sleep.” 
2/3 
Chapter 774 
###Take 774
Chapter 774 
I nodded in return. She was right. I glanced at Irene again, who let out a breath. 
“Will you be okay?” 
She nodded. 
“Yeah,” she said softly. “I’ll be fine.” 
I turned and started towards Gavin; he was holding two sets of keys and handed one to Irene when 
she joined us. 1 
“I got a room for you and Matthew as well. It’s a suite, so you’ll both have your own bedrooms,” he 
explained. 
I raised my brows. 
“I thought they’d be staying in our room,” I told him. 
He glanced down at me, a sparkle of something in his eyes. 
“I wanted the space for ourselves,” he admitted, his tone low and for my ears alone. I couldn’t help the heat that crept up my cheeks, and I bit my lower lip to keep from grinning. 
“Of course you did,” I say as I take the key from him. 
The elevator chimed softly; the doors slid open to reveal a sleek interior lined with mirrored panels brushed in gold. The buttons gleamed beneath Gavin’s touch as he pressed the top floor. 
Taylor and Eliza also stepped into the elevator. Irene and Matt decided to take the stairs because Irene hates elevators and Matt wanted to explore a bit more, so they figured taking the stairs was a good way for them to get what they wanted. Nan and Chester took a different elevator. 
Once we reached the top floor, the doors opened and we stepped out. Taylor and Eliza’s room was in the opposite direction, so this was where we said goodbye for the time being. We reached our room and I used the key–card to open the door, my mouth nearly falling open at the sight before me. 
I swear, I forgot how to breathe. 
It wasn’t just a suite, it was an experience. 
Floor–to–ceiling windows framed a panoramic view of the city below; the décor was modern but indulgent. Cream marble floors, black accents, art that looked like it belonged in a museum. Soft ambient lighting glowed from hidden panels along the ceiling, and the faint scent of jasmine drifted through the air from a sleek diffuser on the counter. 
Chapter 774 
+25 BONUS 
To the left, a sunken living area featured a plush sectional wrapped around a glass coffee table. Beyond it, sliding doors opened onto a balcony that overlooked France and all its glory. 
There were a couple along the far side of the wall, one open and one closed. The closed door I assumed was the bathroom, and peeking through the open door, I could see a large king–sized bed, so I knew it was the bedroom. 
I moved deeper into the suite, my fingers brushing over the smooth marble of the kitchen island. It was fully stocked–sparkling water, imported fruit, even a few bottles of wine I was sure cost more 
than a car. 
“This is the nicest place I’ve ever stayed,” I breathed, still in awe over my surroundings. 
Gavin was behind me in an instant, his arms wrapped around my waist, pulling me into him as he nuzzled his face against the nape of my neck. 
“Good. You deserve nothing but the best,” he murmured, peppering a soft kiss to my mating mark, making me shiver with desire. “How about we break in that bed now?” 
I smiled and turned to look at him. 
“Aren’t you exhausted? Shouldn’t we sleep?” I asked him, raising my brows. 
His lips found mine in a deep and all–consuming kiss. 
“There’s plenty of time for sleep,” he murmured against my lips. Before I knew what was happening, he was lifting me off the ground and carrying me into the bedroom and dropping me on 
the bed. 1 
I threw my head back and laughed, but he didn’t give me enough time to come to my senses before he was on top of me, kissing me and nibbling on my lips. I let myself melt in him, being consumed entirely by my mate as he deepened the kiss, his tongue swiping in my mouth, tangling with my 
tongue. 
I ran my fingers down his body, moaning when I felt his hardness between my legs through his pants. He was already so hard, and I was practically panting with need. I fiddled with the buttons on his pants, my fingers shaking, making him smile against my lips as he continued to kiss me. 
Just as I got the button undone, a very unwanted image of Esme flashed into my head, and the sound of her voice whispering, “Blood calls to blood,” whispered in my ear. 
Pain erupted in my head, and the last thing I remembered before passing out was the sounds of my scream and Gavin yelling my name. 
###Take 775
Chapter 775 
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 775 
Third Person POV 
Lila stood in the middle of her room, her eyes fixed on the once brilliant Moon Gem that lay on her dresser. It dimmed and pulsed weakly, almost like it was angry. The skin at the base of her throat was red and blistered from when it burned her only moments ago. She hadn’t bothered to wear the gem since she attempted to activate it using her blood. It should have worked… it should have been activated. 
It was her birthright after all. 
It was said that her magic was stored inside this gem from the moment she was born because her magic was too powerful for her infant body, so the witches took it and put it inside this gem until she was old enough. According to one of the witches, close to the family, in order to activate it, her blood is required. However, it didn’t work. It only seemed to anger the moon gem. 
Since she burned it in that small ritual she had in the woods with Daisy, it’s been too hot for her to put the gem back around her neck. Today, it seemed as though it had finally cooled enough where she could put it back on, but she was wrong. The second it touched her neck, it scorched her hotter than it’s ever been. The chain lay broken on the ground from when she ripped it off. 
“Put it back on,” a voice said from the balcony doorway. Lila turned to see Daisy leaning against the 
doorframe. 
Her eyes were red from the tears she had previously cried, and her cheeks were flushed from climbing up the side of the manor to reach Lila’s bedroom balcony. This wasn’t the first time Daisy had come to see her this way; she wasn’t allowed to just walk in through the front door, and she did 
what she could to avoid Noah. 
Lila couldn’t blame her for that, though; her brother was an asshole and had no business doing what he did to Daisy. 
Lila’s laughter was bitter, cracked. 
“You think I didn’t try? The damned thing burned me.” 
Lila turned so Daisy could see the burn mark on her chest from the gem. 
Daisy stepped forward, her eyes narrowed. 
“How is that possible?” She whispered. 
“It’s rejecting me,” Lila said, tears filling her eyes. “I have no idea what it means. It was supposed to be my birthright… my blood.” 
1/4 
Chapter 775 
+25 BONUS 
Daisy continued to stare at the burn mark on Lila’s chest before her eyes turned towards the gem on the dresser. 
“Maybe it isn’t your blood it needs,” she said, her voice sounding almost distant. “Perhaps it was never yours to begin with.” 
“Then if it’s not mine… who’s is it” 
Before Daisy could reply, movement caught her attention, and her eyes turned towards the door to Lila’s room, her words getting caught in her throat. Lila turned as well, only to see Esme sitting in 
her wheelchair at the door. 
“Grandma?” Lila asked, her voice coming out as a hoarse whisper. 
Though her grandmother said nothing per usual, her eyes, void of emotions, were penetrating, and there was no mistaking that she was looking directly at Lila. 
Gavin’s POV 
“Why hasn’t she woken up yet? It’s been an hour, and she’s completely passed out,” I said as I paced the bedroom. Judy was lying on the bed where I had left her, tucked beneath the covers. 
Eliza was by her bedside, rechecking her heart rate and ensuring that the baby was okay, and Taylor was trying to get me to calm the fuck down, but without any luck. 
“She’s exhausted,” Eliza explained, turning to look at me. “We all are. Just give her some time to 
rest.” 
“She was in pain, Eliza,” I said through my teeth, not wanting to raise my voice and cause issues with Taylor, but at this moment, I was starting to care less about upsetting anyone. “You didn’t see her, okay? She was in pain. She screamed, held her head, and then passed out.‘ 
“She’s not currently showing any signs of discomfort. Just extreme exhaustion. The pain medicine I gave her helped ease that pain, it seems,” Eliza said, putting away her equipment. “As far as I can tell, both she and the baby are okay. There’s nothing more for us to do but let her rest and maybe get 
some rest ourselves.” 
I shake my head, my wolf growing even more restless with each passing moment. 
“Something is wrong,” I murmured. “Something is wrong.” 
“I’ll come check on you later,” Eliza said, joining Taylor at the doorway. “If there are any changes, come get me right away.” 
I don’t say anything as they leave; I stare down at my mate, who remains motionless on the bed, her 
2/4 
Chapter 775 
+25 BONUS 
eyes closed. To anyone else, she looked like she was only sleeping. But I knew there was more to it. She was in pain, and just before she passed out, she murmured something that sounded like “blood call to blood.” 
I had no idea what that meant, but I knew it was something serious. I sat down on the bed beside her, and, against my better judgment, I pulled her into my arms. I just needed to ensure that she was right here and that she was safe. 
I’m not sure how long we stayed like that. I found myself drifting in and out of sleep as her scent wrapped around me. I kept my hand on my belly, feeling the soft flutter of our baby kicking, just to ensure that he was also okay. 1 
3/4 
###Take 776
+25 BONUS 
I was sleeping when I felt her sudden movements. I opened my eyes, the room darker than it had been when I fell asleep due to the day coming to an end and night gracing us with its presence. 
“Gavin?” Judy whispered, her voice coming out hoarse. 
Relief flooded me, and I buried my face in her hair. 
“Thank the goddess,” I breathed, peppering kisses along her hairline. “You’re awake.” 
“Did I worry you?” She asked, peeking up at me through hazy eyes. 
“Yes,” I admitted. “How are you feeling?” 
I reluctantly released her so I could take a better look at her face and get her some water. 
“I’m okay,” she said, sitting up as she watched me walk through the room. I went into the kitchen and grabbed a glass of water before returning to the bedroom a moment later. “Honestly, I’m fine. I didn’t mean to worry you.” 
She looked uncertain, though, even as she spoke those words with as much confidence as he could muster. I handed her the glass of water and sat at the edge of the bed as she took small sips. My wolf was still on edge after what had happened. I reached over to her and brushed a strand of damp hair away from her face and behind her ear. 
“You are still a bit warm,” I tell her. “I’m going to have Eliza come back to check you over.” 
She grabbed my arm before I could make any sudden move. 
“Wait,” she said quickly. “Eliza doesn’t need to come here for this. I’m okay, honestly.” 
“She was here earlier, after you passed out. She’d want to know that you are awake and take a look for herself,” I informed her. 
Her face lost some of its color as she finally took a look around the room before her eyes shifted 
towards the window. 
“How long had he been out for?” She asked, though I could tell from the tone of her voice that she already knew the answer. 
“Hours,” I told her. “The entire day pretty much.” 
She swallowed, not saying anything for a long while before she let out a breath and looked at me. 
I cupped her face, my thumb drawing lazy circles around her cheekbones. 
“Judy, tell me what happened,” I say, keeping my voice low. “I know something is going on, and I 
1/4 
Chapter 776 
+25 BONUS 
need to know what it is.” 
“Nothing is ” she tried to say, but I cut her off. 
“Don’t lie to me,” I said firmly, but gently at the same time. “I’m your mate. You can trust me. Tell me what’s happening to you so I can help you because I cannot stand to see you hurting… It’s destroying me and my wolf. We need to be able to help our mate, so please… give this to me.” 
I was aware I was begging, and it was pathetic, but I couldn’t help it when it came to her. Her eyes fluttered shut, a tear slipping down her cheeks. I wiped it away with my thumb and wrapped her in my arms, pulling her flesh against me. 
“Talk to me,” I whispered, rocking her back and forth. “Please.” 
“You’re going to think I’m crazy,” she finally said, her voice coming out muffled against my chest. 
“I’d never think about,” I assured her. 
She sniffled and peeked up at me through her dark lashes. 
“I had this dream a couple of weeks ago… an older woman, maybe middle–aged, came to me and told me that blood calls to blood. At the time, I didn’t think much about the dream, but then we went to the Blackwell Manor, and I saw her….” 
I raised my brows. 
“Saw who?” 
“Esme Blackwell. It was her… the woman from my dreams. Only much older. She obviously didn’t say anything while we were there. But she kept staring at me. Then, as we were leaving, I heard her speaking in my head… her mouth didn’t move, so I knew it was in my head. She told me once again that blood calls to blood.” 
I swallowed. I had no idea what this meant or why the elder Blackwell would be coming to my mate in her sleep, but I had a sense of dread wash over me, 
“It could mean anything,” I told her, running my fingers through her hair. “We can figure this out.” 
She shook her head slowly. 
“I had another dream not long ago that she came to me again and said the same things. Only this time, she was much younger than in the previous dream. She was around my age,” I explained. ” Then, right before I passed out earlier, I saw her face in my head, and then her words echoed over and over again. Blood calls to blood. I felt this sharp pain in my temple, and then I passed out completely. When I woke up, I saw her again.” 
“You saw her?” I asked. “Just now?” 
2/4 
Chapter 776 
+25 BONUS 
She nodded, nibbling on her lower lip. 
“Then what?” 
She stepped towards me and unclasped her necklace, handing it to me. The pendant was in her closed fist. I opened my hand to take it, and when she dropped it into the palm of my hand…” she paused for a moment, gathering her thoughts. “Gavin, it was the Moon Gem. She handed me the Moon Gem and said that my destiny awaits and that blood calls to blood.” 2 
###Take 777
Chapter 777 
Judy’s POV 
We didn’t end up going to the Blood Thore Packhouse for dinner this evening. Gavin called Alpha Jeremy and told him I was feeling unwell and that if I wanted to attend the ball on Saturday, I needed to be well rested. Only Beta Taylor and Eliza went to 
dinner. 
Irene told everybody that she was too exhausted to go anywhere, and Nan and Chester disappeared for the evening. I could only imagine what they were up to; then again, maybe I didn’t want to know. 
Gavin and I ended up ordering room service, and we cuddled in bed the entire evening. Neither of us spoke about the elephant in the room… my dreams and the connection I might have with the Blackwell family. I knew we were both feeling the strange sense of dread, or a promise that something severe was going to happen in the near future. 
I knew for certain that my life was going to change. I wasn’t sure if that meant for the better or for the worse. But I also knew that Gavin was going to stick by me no matter what, and as long as I had him in my corner, I was going to be okay. 
My phone chimed, and I let out a breath before I reached for it on the nightstand. I smiled when I saw that it was a text from Nan. 
Nan: Sorry, I missed your call earlier. I was kind of… busy. 
I let out a breathy laugh, ignoring the raised-brow look Gavin was giving me. I had called Nan earlier to ask her what her plans were after Irene bailed on dinner. Matthew was in our room earlier for the room service we ordered, and with Erik eating with 
the rest of the gammas, I figured Nan and Chester would want to join us for dinner. 
But she didn’t answer her phone. 
Me: Busy, huh? 
I added a wink emoji. Her response was almost immediate with an embarrassed emoji, making me laugh out loud. 
Me: Just wanted to see if you wanted any dinner. But I’m trusting you were taken care of. 
Nan: I was very well taken care of 
She added a wink emoji as well, and my smile grew wider. 
Nan: Have you spoken to Irene? I tried texting, but she didn’t respond. 
Me: She said she was too tired and wanted to go to bed early. 
Nan: I’m worried about her. 
I was about to reply that I was worried too, but then I got a new incoming text message from a different person, and my eyes widened when I read the text in the notification bar. 
Tabby: Are you seriously in Blood Thorne and you didn’t think to tell me 
Holy crap, how could I have forgotten that this was Tabby’s main pack? She traveled a lot on the gamma force, so I didn’t think she would be in town, but from her text, I could see that I was very wrong. 
Me: Are you in town? 
Tabby: We came back a couple of weeks ago and aren’t scheduled to leave again until next week. Can we meet up? 
I told her the hotel we were staying at, and against my better judgment, I gave her Irene’s room number as our meet-up location. Then I pulled up my text thread with Nan. 
Me: Meet me at Irene’s room if you can pull yourself away from your mate. 
Nan: Give me 20 more minutes, and then I’m all yours for the night 
I chuckled before I turned to see Gavin watching me with a whimsical look on his face. 
“Why do I get the feeling I lost you for the night?” 
I smiled at him and then brushed my lips against his. 
“Because I think your daughter needs me,” I told him. “I’m worried about her. I don’t want to see her hurting, and she so clearly is. I doubt she ate all night. I was just texting Nan and Tabby, and they are going to meet me at Irene’s room.” 
Gavin raised his brows. 
“Tabby?” 
I nodded. 
“My friend from the competition. Remember how she came to visit the Silver Crescent pack with Shirley and Chuck?” 
Gavin nodded as the memory came back to him. 
“Oh, yes. Right. How is she? I forgot she was from this pack,” he told me. 
“She’s been traveling a lot, but yes. This is her pack. She’s from the same pack as Chuck. She might be able to give us some insight.” 
Gavin kissed my cheek softly. 
“Thank you for being there for her in a way that I cannot.” 
I smiled at him. 
“Even if she wasn’t your daughter, I’d still do this for her. She’s my friend and I care about her,” I tell him as he wraps me tighter in his arms. 
“You’re a good friend,” he whispered into my hair. 
I kissed his lips, savoring his taste for a moment before I pulled back. 
“I need the key to Irene and Matt’s room. I don’t want to risk alerting Irene that we are there because she will most likely refuse us.” 
He raised his brows, but I could see a bit of humor in his eyes. 
“So, your idea of a night is ambushing her?” 
My smile only grew wider. 
“Exactly.” 
Within the hour, Nan and I were meeting at Irene’s door. I unlocked the door with the key-card, the spare that Gavin had of their room for emergencies. Matt was sitting on the couch playing video games, and he quickly spun around when he heard the door 
open. 
He let out a breath when he saw that it was just me. 
Morh Lucia
Lucia Morh is a passionate storyteller who brings emotions to life through her words. When she’s not writing, she finds peace nurturing her garden.
###Take 778
Chapter 778 
“You scared me,” he said, shaking his head. “Why are you here?” 
“Sorry to scare you,” I tell him, giving him a small smile. “But I’m going to have you sleep in my suite tonight with your father. We are spending the night here. It’s a girl’s night. There’s an extra bedroom in the suite with a TV, so you’ll have space for your gaming.” 
Matt frowned. 
“I don’t want to leave,” he argued. “Besides, Irene hasn’t come out of her room all day.” 
I looked at Nan, who had a worried crease between her brows. 
“Well, the boys are heading to my suite as well for a boys’ night. Chester and Erik, I think. Erik is off duty tonight and wanted to hang out, so they are heading there as we speak. I figured you’d want to see them, that’s all.” 
Matt’s eyes grew wide; he loved Erik. He was the kind of gamma that Matt aspired to be, and it’s funny because I believed Matt was a better fighter. 
“Okay, I’ll go,” Matt said, standing to his feet. “But you owe me.” 
I laughed. 
“I wouldn’t think otherwise,” I tell him, running my fingers through his brown, shabby hair. “Enjoy your night.” 
He grabbed his gaming set and was out there within minutes 
“So, what do we do now?” Nan asked, looking around the suite. 
“If this suite is like mine, there should be snacks in the cabinet. See if there’s popcorn and start popping some. I’m going to drag Irene out of her room,” I say as I head towards Irene’s bedroom. I had a feeling I knew which one was Irene’s because Matt left his door open. 
I pushed the door to Irene’s room open and peered inside. She was lying in bed, beneath the covers, and only the top of her blonde hair could be seen. My heart squeezed for her; she was so heartbroken that the only thing she could do right now was 
sleep. 
I put my hand on her back and shook her gently. 
“Irene, wake up,” I say softly. 
She starts to stir, murmuring something sleepily that I didn’t quite get. I smiled at her sleeping face as it appeared once the covers shifted. But then my heart stopped when I saw the old tears on her cheeks and how pale she was. 
“Hey,” I say, shaking her again. “Wake up, Irene. Please.” 
I spoke a little louder this time, and her eyes fluttered open; the pale blues focusing on me for a moment before confusion fell across her face. Her perfectly trimmed brows knitted together. 
“Judy?” She asked, her voice a croak and filled with exhaustion as she lifted her head, peeking around the dark room. “What’s going on?” 
“I’m dragging you out of bed,” I tell her, folding my arms across my chest. “It’s not healthy for you to stay in this room all night, wallowing in self-pity when you should be planning for the future.” 
She shook her head, still confused. 
“What time is it?” 
“9.” I replied, glancing at the clock on her bedside table. “A little bit after nine, actually.” 
“I slept all day?” She asked, sitting up further, her blonde hair falling across her shoulders. “I didn’t mean to sleep so long.” 
“You haven’t eaten or done anything to take care of yourself since we arrived this morning,” I tell her, raising my brows. I glanced at her luggage that sat on the ground by her bed; Erik and the other gammas were kind enough to bring our things to our rooms, so they were waiting for us by the time we arrived. I spent time unpacking my things and putting them away, since we were going to be here until the end of the weekend. I wanted to be comfortable. “You hadn’t unpacked.” 
“I didn’t think to,” she said softly. “We are only here for a short time.” 
“It might make you feel better… maybe more organized, if you unpacked a bit,” I tell her. “Come hang out with us. Nan is getting snacks. We can order late-night room service and have a girls’ night.” 
She let out a breath. 
“No offence, but I’m not in the mood for a girl’s night.” 
I smiled at her, though I knew it didn’t reach my eyes. 
“Exactly why you need one,” I tell her, reaching out and taking a hold of her hand, giving it a gentle squeeze. “I think we could all use one. We are in this gorgeous country, and we need to make the most out of it. Even if we don’t leave this hotel room, it’ll do you some good to get out of bed. Please, Irene. Hang out with us.” 
She thought about it for a moment, her eyes shifting from me to the doorway. As I saw her resolve cracking, she let out a breath. 
“Okay,” she finally relented as she got out of bed. “But I’m not changing out of my pajamas.” 
I giggled. 
“I didn’t think you would. I’ll have room service bring us some more food and wine,” I say as I loop my arm with hers and guide her towards the living space where Nan was setting up bowls of popcorn. 
A knock sounded on the door, and my grin only grew because I knew exactly who was at the door. 
“Who is here?” Irene asked, her brows furrowed. “You didn’t call room service yet.” 
“Nope,” I tell her. “But if we are lucky, the person at the door will have the answers to some of your questions.” 
Morh Lucia
Lucia Morh is a passionate storyteller who brings emotions to life through her words. When she’s not writing, she finds peace nurturing her garden.
###Take 779
Chapter 779 
Judy’s POV 
Tabby was a little tipsy when she arrived. She gave me a large smile and wrapped her arms around me in a big hug. She looked exactly the same, but stronger, and her hair was shorter. 
“You smell like tequila,” I giggled, pulling her into the room. 
“I just returned from patrol and had a few drinks with some others on the force,” she admitted. “I called you from the bar up the street.” 
“It’s so good to see you, Tabby,” I said, meaning it. I had missed my friend, and I felt bad that I didn’t tell her I was going to be in her region. But she was here now, and that was all that mattered. 
“Tabby!” Nan said, hugging her next. “Was wondering when I was going to get to see you.” 
“Well, if you guys told me you’d be here this weekend, I would have made sure to see you sooner.” 
“We just got in this morning,” I tell her. “We spent the day resting. We are jet–lagged and exhausted. But in much need of a girl’s night.” 
“We were just about to order room service,” Nan added, handing her a room service menu. “Pick out what you want. I’ll call them and order.” 
“Get extra wine,” I tell her as I go into the small kitchen to grab the cups and plates. 
“Of course,” Nan said with a grin. “Although you can’t drink it.” 
“It’s not for me,” I call back with a chuckle as I grab a water bottle from the fridge. 
When I returned to the living space, Irene was seated on the couch, her hands tucked beneath her. She wasn’t looking at Tabby, but she was worrying her bottom lip, so I knew she wanted to ask questions, and she was suppressing them. 
“So, what’s been going on with you girls?” Tabby said, sitting on one of the love sofas, her feet tucked beneath her. “What have I missed?” 
“A lot, it seems,” I say, glancing at Irene’s face, unsure if I should say anything or just let Irene talk about it when she’s ready. “What about you, Tabby? Anything new happening around here?” 
“I’ve been so wrapped up in work that it’s hard for me to have a life,” she admitted. “This week is the only time I have semi–time to myself, so this was a good week for you to visit. Are you here for the ball on Saturday?” 
I nodded. 
“Yeah, Alpha Jeremy invited us.” 
“That’s odd; he never invites outsiders. But I know he’s been wanting to expand and make better connections. So, it makes sense that he’d start with the Landry foundation.” 
I bit my lip; I knew it had nothing to do with Gavin’s company and everything to do with the favor Erik pulled. 
1/4 
But I wasn’t going to tell Tabby that information, at least not right now. 
“Why do you look so down?” Tabby asked, narrowing her eyes at Irene. “I know we aren’t close, but you could at least say hello.” 
“She’s not trying to be rude; she’s just going through a lot,” Nan said in Irene’s defense. 
“What’s going on?” Tabby asked, glancing around the room with a frown. “Why do I get the feeling you aren’t telling me something?” 
“Have you seen Chuck around?” I blurt, making Irene’s eyes go wide. 
Tabby frowned at my question. 
“Sure; he’s in my unit,” she replied with a slight shrug. “He’s as cocky as ever. Why do ask?” 
“Is he around this week as well?” 
She nodded, her brows furrowing. 
“Yes, but right now he’s on patrol with some others,” she replied. “What’s this about?” 
you 
“Do you remember the last time you, Chuck, and Shirley visited our pack?” I asked. “Do you remember how close he was to Irene?” 
She thought about it for a moment before a flicker of something went through her eyes, though it was gone in an 
instant. 
“Oh, yes,” she said, glancing at Irene worriedly. “I do remember them spending a lot of time together and disappearing quite often.” 
I glanced at Irene; she was watching me, waiting for me to continue, and my heart was in my throat. 
“Is it okay if I tell her?” 
After a moment of hesitation, Irene nodded, giving me the consent I needed to tell Tabby the entire truth. 
“Turns out they are mates.” 
Tabby gasped and covered her mouth with her hands; her eyes went wider than I had ever seen them. 
“I didn’t see that coming,” she breathed. “Like fated mates?” 
I nodded. 
“Yeah, like wolves can’t get enough of each other type of mates,” I say, leaning back against the couch cushion. 
Nan joined me on the couch, her phone in her hands. 
“Room service is on the way,” she announced. “Hope you’re hungry because I ordered a lot of food and even 
more wine.” 
“Perfect,” Tabby said with a grin before she turned back to me. “So, tell me what’s going on? Chuck is Irene’s 
2/4 
Chapter 779 
mate? He’s such a flirt, I honestly thought nothing of it at the time.” 
Irene flinched at her words. 
“Have you seen Chuck around lately? Like… with anyone else?” I asked, hating that this line of questioning was hurting Irene. 
She thought about it for a moment, her eyes darting between me and Irene. 
Sara Lili
Sara Lili is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###Take 780
“I mean, we’ve all been really busy. So, it’s hard to tell,” she said, confusion still evident on her face. “Why do you ask? Is he in trouble for something? I mean, it wouldn’t surprise me.”
“It’s hard for me to talk about,” Irene finally said. “But the gist of it is…he won’t mark me. Whenever the subject comes up, he changes it. He also doesn’t let me visit him. When I do see him, he usually comes to me. It’s been months since we found out we were mates, and he hasn’t asked me to move to his pack or anything…”
Tabby’s brows furrowed. “Well, like I’ve said… we’ve been busy and–”
“A woman answered his phone when I called him the other day,” she blurted, tears blurring her vision as she stared down at her hands. “I didn’t want to believe it either. But I can’t tell if he’s cheating on me because I’m not marked by him, and our bond isn’t strong enough for my wolf to sense deceit. I’m not sure what else to do… so that’s why we are here.”
Tabby worried her bottom lip; her cheeks flushed as she stared down at her own hands. There was something she wasn’t saying, and it was obvious. I looked around the room, wondering if anyone else had noticed Tabby’s sudden change of demeanor, but none of them seemed to.
“Do you think he’ll be around at all this weekend?” Nan asked, her eyes shifting to Tabby. “Like at the masquerade ball?”
She nodded, her eyes still refusing to lift. “Yes, we are all supposed to be there. It’s a huge event, and they need all the security they can get. Chuck is scheduled to attend.”
“So, that’s our chance. He can’t know that Irene is here. She can surprise him at the ball this weekend. Then we could see if he took another woman,” Nan said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
I chewed my lower lip; my eyes remained fixed on Tabby, who nodded along with Nan. “Yeah, that makes sense,” she said softly, her eyes finding Irene. “Don’t worry. I’m sure it’s just a misunderstanding.”
She didn’t look so certain, but Irene nodded anyway. There was a knock on the door, and Nan jumped to her feet. “Room service!” she said happily as she rushed to the door, making the rest of us chuckle; even Irene had a ghost of a smile on her lips.
I stood and headed towards the kitchen. “Tabby, can you help me grab something in the kitchen?” I asked over my shoulder.
Tabby stood, smoothing her hands over her pants as she nodded. “Yeah, sure,” she said, excusing herself from the others before following me into the kitchen.
The second we were alone, I rounded on her. “What is it?” I asked her, my eyes narrowed.
“W…what?” She stammered.
“You’re hiding something. Don’t deny it. It’s obvious. Tell me what it is,” I said, folding my arms across my chest.
She nibbled on her lower lip, her eyes going everywhere but me. I could see the slight blush on her cheeks as she suppressed her words.
“Tabby,” I said again, my tone a warning. “Tell me what it is you know.”
She let out a breath before her eyes finally met mine. “Fine,” she said softly. “I didn’t want to hurt her. Please don’t tell her…I can’t be the messenger she hates.”
“Tell her what?” I asked, my stomach knotting. I was already expecting the worst.
She took a deep breath before speaking, and I wasn’t prepared for what she had to tell me. “Chuck has a girlfriend,” she said, wrapping her arms around herself. “She’s actually a friend of mine. You might have already met her…”
I let out a breath like the wind was knocked out of me. So, Irene was right… he was fooling around with someone behind her back. How could he do that to his own fated mate?
“Is it the girl who works downstairs?” I asked, afraid to know the answer.
She nodded. “Clarissa,” she said softly. “Yes. They’ve been together for almost a year. When Irene said that Chuck was her mate, I thought that maybe he dumped Clarissa after finding his true mate. But after hearing the rest of the story, I realized that wasn’t the truth. He’s still very much with her…”
“You should have said that to Irene,” I said with narrowed eyes. “She’ll be devastated when she finds out.”
“As I said… I can’t be that messenger, Judy. She needs to see it for herself in order to believe it,” Tabby said, her eyes shifting to the little window that looked into the living room. Irene sat on the couch, watching as Nan picked through the food from the room service. “I don’t want her to shoot the messenger, or just not believe me.”
“And you think she’ll find out while at the ball?” I asked; she didn’t need to confirm it for me to know.
“Yes,” Tabby said. “Chuck mentioned last week that he plans to propose during this ball. If he really is still with her… I have a feeling Irene is about to get all the proof she needs.”
Sara Lili
Sara Lili is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 781
Gavin’s POV 
Judy not sleeping beside me made it difficult to sleep. I knew she was only a hotel room away, and she was with her friends, all there to support my daughter, but still, I would be lying if I said I didn’t miss her like fucking crazy. Not that I didn’t have a good night myself; I spent time with Chester, Erik, and Matthew. 
Taylor and Eliza went to the packhouse for dinner, and then they crashed fairly early, wanting to spend some time together. They work so much that they never get to have a vacation, so I didn’t blame them for wanting to spend the night together. But the thought of them getting this time to be with one another fills me with jealousy like no other. 
I want that time with Judy. I know I get her every day and will for the rest of my life, but I could never have enough time with her. 
The door of the room creaked open, and I lifted my head, my eyes narrowed at the sudden intruder. At first, I thought maybe Matthew was having a nightmare or something; he was known to have had nightmares in the past since finding out Irene triggered his allergic reaction on purpose last year. But over the last month or so, the nightmares seem to be getting better, especially since Judy officially moved into the villa. 
But when I didn’t see Matthew standing there, my heart stuttered. 
Judy. 
She stood timidly in the doorway, wearing her sleep shorts and a tank top. Her hair was slightly a mess from sleep, and her cheeks flushed as she worried about her bottom lip. I thought I must be dreaming. My self- consciousness brought her to me in my sleep because I couldn’t stop thinking about her. 
“I must be dreaming,” I murmured my thoughts out loud. 
She smiled, a bit shyly, which was cute as fuck. 
Shutting the door behind her, she padded towards me and climbed into the bed. Her scent made my mouth water, and my wolf perked up in immediate attention. Her nearness made my cock twitch. 
A pain hit my side, making me yelp in surprise. 
“Ouch,” I said, rubbing the tender spot her nail had dug in. “The fuck…” 
“Not dreaming,” she said with a grin. 
I blinked a few times, my eyes finally registering what they were seeing, and my brain catching up to the reality of the situation. I wasn’t dreaming. My mate had come back to me in the middle of the night. I glanced at the clock on the nightstand with a frown. 
It was 2 am. 
I had no idea it had gotten so late. 
“What are you doing here so late? Aren’t you having your girls‘ night sleepover?” 
She snuggled against me, and I couldn’t help but breathe her in as I wrapped my arms around her. Now that she was here, with me, I had no intention of letting her go back to her girls‘ night sleepover. 
“I couldn’t sleep,” she admitted. 
I could hear the emotion in her voice, and I knew something was wrong that kept her awake. Something more than just missing me. 
“What happened?” 
She peeked up at me through her lashes. 
“I just wanted to see you,” she whispered. “I don’t like spending nights away from you.” 
I knew there was more to it, but I didn’t push her. I wrapped her tighter in my arms and nuzzled my face against the 
nape 
of her neck, inhaling her scent deeply, letting it relax my body. 
“I love you,” I whispered against her, smiling as I felt her melting against me. 
“I love you too.” 
I nipped at her bottom lip, allowing my hands to cross her body along the swell of her belly. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life; my heart only beat for her, and I wanted to show her just how much she meant to me. 
I rolled on top of her, careful not to put too much pressure on her stomach, not wanting to hurt her or our baby. I deepened the kiss, my tongue dipping between her lips, tasting what was mine. She let out a breathy moan as my fingers slipped beneath the hem of her tank top. I slowly raised it over her head, revealing her gorgeous breasts to me. 
She looked up at me through hooded eyes, and I could see the lust–filled expression she gave me. She swallowed as my lips crashed into hers again, and I swallowed more of her moans. 
I broke the kiss from her mouth and trailed my lips down the nape of her neck, sucking the mark I left on her, creating a fresh one to satisfy my wolf’s need to claim her mind, body, and soul. 
Her hands traveled down my naked torso, appreciating my abs and the fact that I was only wearing boxers. I heard the satisfied groan deep in her throat and the light purring of her wolf, which made me smile as I continued to nip and suck on her neck and shoulders. Her fingers slipped beneath my waistband, and I moved slightly to give her better access, knowing she wanted my boxers off just as badly as I wanted all her clothes off, 
too. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 782
Chapter 782 
But then she stopped, her fingers froze, and the look of worry was clear on her face. The hesitation made me pause my exploration of her body as well, and I looked at her with concern. 
“What is it?” I asked, my brows furrowing. 
“It’s just… we hadn’t had sex in a while,” she said, nibbling her lower lip. “I was starting to think that maybe you weren’t attracted to me anymore.” 
My eyes widened at the sudden realization. It’s not that I didn’t want to make love to my mate and future wife, we’ve just been so busy lately, and every time we tried to be intimate, we’d get interrupted. I had been just as frustrated as she was, and I hated that she was feeling as though I didn’t find her attractive anymore. I knew it had to do with the fact that she was pregnant. 
She was self–conscious about her newly formed body, and I would be damned if I allowed her to think she was anything other than perfection. 
I rolled onto my back, taking her with me, forcing her to straddle me so I could get a better view of her. Judy’s cheeks were flushed as I moved my hips, allowing her to feel exactly what she does to me. As soon as she felt my hard and very needy erection between her legs, she closed her eyes and whimpered softly. 
She was desperate for me just as I was for her. 
“You are the most beautiful thing I have ever laid eyes on,” I told her, my grip on her hips tightening. “Don’t ever doubt how much I want you.” 
“Take this off, Gavin,” she said, tugging at my boxers. “Please.” 
I loved the sound of her begging; it made me grin. 
“As you wish, my love,” I said, lifting my hips so she could tug my boxers down my legs. I kicked them off once they were low enough, and my erection was free… hard and prominent against my belly, but free. 
She wrapped her fingers around my cock, rubbing her thumb across the tip and using the precum as lube. 
“Fuck,” I hissed, my eyes rolling back in my head at the feel of her hands wrapped around me. “That feels amazing.” 
She smiled as she bent down, her lips wrapping around the head of my erection, sucking and teasing me with her tongue, tasting me… tasting what was hers. I let out a guttural groan. 
Judy took me in deeper, my cock hitting the back of her throat. She swallowed me down expertly; the warmth of her mouth and the softness of her tongue were almost too much for me to handle. I thought I was going to bust until she pulled back, releasing me with a pop. 
I looked at her with hooded eyes, unsure of what she was doing. But before I could protest, she pulled her sleep shorts down. She wasn’t wearing any underwear, and the scent of her arousal hit me like a freight train, making my wolf howl in the back of my head. She was incredible, and I wanted to taste her so bad. But she didn’t give me the chance before she was positioning my cock at her entrance and sinking down on top of me. 
“Fuck,” I said again, my voice nothing more than a raspy whisper. My hold on her hips tightening into a 
bruising hold… I was certain I would leave marks on her. 
She lifted up and down, her eyes closing as she moved her hips, grinding herself against me and chasing her own pleasure as well as giving me mine. I could feel the intensity of my orgasm building, and I knew she was close too. She was so incredibly wet and warm. Her breathing grew heavier, and another moan escaped her as she continued to quicken her pace. Her breasts, which were becoming larger, bounced in front of my face, and I couldn’t help but capture one of her sensitive nipples in my mouth. 
She ran her fingers through my hair, and I felt her core clench. She let out a gasp as an orgasm consumed her. As always, it was enough to trigger mine. I paused my movements, my hands tightening around her to keep her still as I exploded inside of my mate, marking her, once again, as mine. 
When she collapsed on top of me, I peppered kisses along her face and neck, murmuring how much I loved her and how much I needed her. 
We made love a few more times before we both finally fell asleep from exhaustion. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 783
Judy’s POV 
I had never been to a masquerade ball before. I wasn’t really sure what to expect. The girl’s got dressed in one suite and the guys got dressed in another. Irene looked stunning in her pink dress and white mask that covered only one eye, leaving the other bright blue and flawless. Her hair was curled to perfection and swirled down her shoulders and back. She had white and pink flowers entwined in her curls, and for a moment, she looked like her old self. 
She wasn’t wearing sweatpants, and her hair was no longer greasy; she almost looked happy, though I knew she wasn’t. In reality, her insides were on fire, and her nerves were set loose. I could tell from her eyes and the way she looked at herself in the mirror that she was pent up with nerves. 
Nan, on the other hand, was a ball of eagerness. She wore a yellow dress with a yellow mask with feathers. She said she was going for a duckling type of vibe, and honestly, not only did she look gorgeous, but she looked adorable. She dyed streaks of yellow in her short hair and had it styled so it was a bit fluffier than usual. Since having it done yesterday, she spent the night and today in Irene’s room, avoiding Chester. 
She wanted to surprise him with her new look. She was currently on the phone with my parents, who were looking after Emalyn while we were on vacation. 
“How are you doing?” I asked as I approached Irene, who smoothed down the skirt of her dress. 
She turned to look at me, her eyes scanning my black dress and the black mask that hid most of my face. 
“You look beautiful,” she told me with a light smile, though it didn’t quite reach her eye, and my question was unanswered. “My father is such a lucky guy to have a mate like you. 
She gave me a quick hug, and my heart both warmed and broke at her words. She was hurting, and I wanted to fix it so badly. 
“Chuck’s an idiot,” I told her softly. “If he truly is cheating on you… He doesn’t deserve you.” 
I hadn’t told her, or anyone, what Tabby had told me. She was right; Irene needed to find this out for herself. She would never believe us, and she might even hate us for bringing it up. I don’t want to be the cause of tension or heartbreak. We had dinner at the packhouse last night, and I could tell Irene’s mind wasn’t fully there. She kept looking around like she expected Chuck to just show up at any moment. 
Hopefully, word about the Landry arrival hadn’t gotten to him yet. Tabby said he’s been busy with his patrol duties, so he isn’t in the loop about much these days. 
“I’m so nervous,” Eliza said as she came into the room, Nan following after her as she put her phone in her small purse. “I’ve never been to a ball like this before.” 
“You look gorgeous,” I tell her, admiring her light blue dress that hung off her shoulders and white mask that made her features practically glow. She certainly did not look like a typical pack doctor, that was for sure. The dress makes her look like Cinderella, 
“As do you,” she said with a bright smile. “Black looks good on you. Very slimming.” 
I chuckled. 
“That’s what I was going for.” 
I put my hands on the swell of my belly, feeling the light flutter of my baby boy kicking. There was a knock on our door, bringing us out of our thoughts. I was the one who answered it and smiled when I saw Beta Taylor standing on the other side. His eyes immediately went to his mate, who was standing behind me. 
His eyes lit up, and I could see the love lingering in his eyes, leaving him speechless. After a moment, he cleared his throat and glanced at me. 
“The car is waiting downstairs,” he announced. “We should get going so we aren’t late.” 
“You mean the carriage is waiting?” Nan teased, sweeping past him with an exaggerated curtsy. 
“It’s an SUV, not a pumpkin,” he said dryly, earning laughter from all of us. 
Gavin entered behind him in a perfectly tailored black tuxedo, his mask a dark metallic silver hat matched the trim of his suit. The sight of him made my breath catch. He looked like sin dressed in velvet and authority. “Wow,” I whispered as he offered his arm. 
“You’re one of talk, ‘he murmured, his voice low enough for only me to hear. “If you didn’t have this mask on, I’d swear the entire ball would stop breathing when you walk in.” 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 784
I blushed, resting my hand on his arms as we made our way out. Eliza nd Taylor followed, chatting easily while Irne stayed silent. Here, we made our way to the bottom floor. Erik stood waiting by the entrance in his own tailored suit, looking more handsome than I had ever seen him. 
He was speaking to the other gammas, and they looked to be teasing him, probably about attending the ball instead of working it. His cheeks were flushed, and he looked all too annoyed. When he saw us approaching, his face lit up and he smiled. Then, his eyes shifted to Irene, and his entire body stilled. 
Irene didn’t seem to notice, though, but I did. I made a note to speak to Erik about this later. It was obvious he had a thing for her and probably did for a while, but I was getting the thought that maybe it was a bit deeper than 
that. 
The drive to the ball wasn’t long, but it was quiet as each of us got lost in our own thoughts. Chester had his arm around Nan the entire time, and I kept hearing him murmur how beautiful she was and how much he loved her new hair. I smiled, happy for my best friend. 
The road wound through the Blood Thorne territory, the night alive with glittering lanterns and fairy lights that hung like starlight above the cobblestone streets. When we arrived, the ball was already in full swing. Masked guests twirled across the marble floor under a chandelier that looked like it could hold a glaze within it. Luaghter, perfume, and the faint scent of wine mixed in the air. 
Gavin guided me down the grand staircase, his hand steady on the small of my back. For a moment, the world seemed to slow. I could feel eyes on us, curious, speculative, but one of those matters when we looked at each other like I was the only thing in the room. 
Alpha Jeremy approached, his smile sharp and smooth. 
“Ah, Alpha Landry,” he greeted, extending his hand for a shake, which Gavin took immediately. “Glad you could make it.” 
“Thank you again for the invitation, Jeremy. You’ve outdone yourself here,” Gavn replied, taking in the gorgeous atmosphere. 
“I can’t take all the credit. My Luna did most of the planning. She usually does,” 
I looked around the ballroom, seeing all the unfamiliar and beautiful faces. My eyes found Tabby, who was standing with a few other gammas in the corner of the room; she was wearing a dress, but no mask. She was also wearing her gear, prepared for a fight as always, like the other gammas were. 
Nan and Chester were at the buffet table, sampling each dish, and I couldn’t help the light laugh that came out of my throat. 
“Thank your mother again for keeping an eye on Matthew for the evening,” Gavin said. “He wouldn’t have enjoyed being dragged here.” 
Jeremy smiled. 
“My mother misses having a young one running around. It’s really no problem,” Jeremy assured him. “If you’ll excuse me. I need to say hello to some other guests. But please, enjoy yourself. We’ll speak more later.” 
Gavin nodded and watched as Jeremy took off in a different direction. 
I finally found Irene, who was scanning the area, her eyes on a mission, though her footsteps were hesitant. I tugged Gavin’s arm gently and glanced up at him. 
“I need to check on Iene,” I tell him. 
“I’ll come with you,” he said, his eyes finding mine. 
I shake my head. 
‘It’ll be better if I just go,” I say. 
Before he could retort, we heard a gasp coming from nearby, and my body froze. I turned in time to see Irene frozen in place near the edge of the ballroom, her glass trembling in her hands. 
My stomach twisted. 
Her eyes were fixed on something specific, and I feared what it might be. I pulled my hand out of Gavin’s and rushed towards her, but it was pointless because he was following after me. 
I stood next to her, my eyes remained on the side of her face, though it seemed as if she didn’t notice me there. 
“Irene?” I asked, trying to gain her attention. 
But it was no use…she was too far gone. 
I followed her gaze, and then I saw him. 
Chuck. 
He was standing a few yards away. His arm was around the girl from the hotel. She was wearing a mask, but I knew right away it was her. She had a bright smile on her face and leaned into his touch as he wrapped an arm around her… like it was his duty to protect her. 
There it was… in plain sight. 
Chuck was cheating on Irene… and she knew it. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 785
Chapter 785 
Judy’s POV 
For a heartbeat, the world stopped moving. The orchestra kept playing–violins humming, couples still spinning under the chandelier–but to me, everything had gone hollow. This was the reason we had come here… the moment of truth. I could practically hear her heart breaking before I looked at her face. All the color had drained from her, and she took an unsteady step back. 
Everything happened so fast after that. 
Irene’s glass slipped from her hand and shattered against the marble floor. The sound sliced through the music like thunder. Heads turned, and then the whispers followed. 
Chuck, of course, noticed. 
His head swiveled around, and when he caught sight of Irene, who was unable to pull her gaze from his, his eyes widened in shock. Clarissa stood by his side, her eyes also finding Irene, and I could see the confusion on her face even before her brows pinched together. 
I wanted ot reach out to Irene and pull her into my arms. I wanted to tell her how sorry I was for Chuck being such a snake. But I was frozen… I knew that nothing I said could make anything better. 
“What the actual fuck?” Gavin said through his teeth. “This better not be what it looks like.” 
He was angry, and I couldn’t blame him for that. He was seeing his daughter mate with another woman, his hand possessively on the small of her back as if he had the right to touch another woman in that kind of way. Both of them still looked intimately close even after Chuck was just caught. 
It was like he didn’t want Clarissa to know of his deception. 
If what Tabby was saying was true, that meant Clarissa wasn’t the other woman… Irene was. 
I felt sick to my stomach at the thought. 
Chuck then turned towards Clarissa, who was still staring between the two with a furrowed crease between her 
brows. 
“Hey, babe, can you go get us some drinks?” he whispered. I knew he was trying to keep his voice low enough for her ears only, but I still heard him just the same, and Irene probably did too. Her senses were higher than a normal werewolf’s, considering she had Lycan blood running through her veins and all. 
Clarissa’s forehead creased, and for a moment, I thought she was going to deny him, but then she let out a breath and nodded. 
“Okay,” she whispered back before she stood on her toes, pressing a kiss to his lips. 
Chuck tensed at the motion, and Irene let out a choked sob, closing her eyes as if the mere sight of them together brought her physical pain. Which I’m sure it did… her wolf was most likely in agony right now, and I hated that for her. 
Clarissa took off in the midst of the crowd, and once she was out of sight, Chuck turned ot look at Irene. His 
1/3 
earlier fear was completely wiped, and now he just looked pathetic and panicked. 
“Irene…” he started, stepping towards her, but she stepped back, needing that distance between the two. Gavin took a protective stance beside his daughter and let out a guttural growl of warning. Chuck flinched at the sound, but his eyes never left Irene’s. “I can explain… It’s not what you think.” 
I wanted to laugh, “It’s not what you think?” Is that what all guys who were caught cheating say? 
Irene had no words, and I knew from the way her eyes darted around that she was looking for a nearby exit. She wanted to leave, and I couldn’t blame her for that. 
Chuck stepped closer as he said, “Please, let me explain. Let’s go somewhere and talk.” 
Gavin stepped in front of Irene protectively, shielding her from Chuck. 
I hadn’t noticed that the ball was starting to become quieter as more people noticed the stand–off. 
Chuck’s focus switched to Gavin, and though it was clear he was terrified, he kept his back straight and his head held high. 
“Please, Sir. This isn’t how it seemed. I had been with Clarissa for a couple of years, and I plan to end things so I can be with your daughter… I just hadn’t found the right moment yet and-” 
A guttural growl came from somewhere other than Gavin, and I whipped around to see Erik stalking towards us. His eyes blazing with fury as he zeroed in on Chuck. Now most of the ball was paying attention to what was happening, and I felt my cheeks burning. I knew this wasn’t what Irene wanted, and I had to get her out of here. 
“What is going on here?” Jeremy asked, walking towards us, his brows furrowed as he took in the scene. 
“You fucking asshole!” Erik growled; he was having trouble containing his wolf, that much was clear. “You never deserved her!” 
“Erik, that’s enough. We didn’t come here to fight,” Gavin said, his eyes never leaving Chuck. He was furious, but he was more in control and better at hiding it. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 786
Chapter 786 
Irene was still frozen, unable to move or pry her eyes away from her mate. Her eyes were filled to the brim with unshed tears, and her body trembled slightly, but only noticeable if you were staring at her for a long while. 
“Judy,” I heard my name coming from Gavin’s lips. I didn’t notice he was now standing in front of Erik, trying to get him to back off before he killed Chuck in front of everybody. “Get her out of here.” 
I knew he was speaking about Irene, and I nodded in agreement. Nan and Eliza rushed towards us, worry evident on both their faces. 
“Help me,” I pleaded as I took hold of Irene’s arm. 
I 
Nan took her other arm, and Eliza guided us out of the ballroom. Irene went with us numbly, finally able to pry her eyes away from Chuck. 
He screamed for her to wait, but Erik was fast and had him by the throat. Gavin tried to get Erik to loosen his grip. Some other gammas guided us even further through the crowd until we were out of the room, the door shutting behind us and blocking my view of what was happening. 
Once we were finally away from everything, Irene finally let out a sob. She covered her mouth with her hands and let all her tears fly free. Her entire body wracked with these sobs, and she couldn’t contain the tremors any longer. I was quick to wrap my arms around her, trying to hold her together the best that I could. 
Nan also wrapped her arms around Irene, forming a strong and unbreakable bond. Eliza patted Irene on the back, unsure of what to do or say. 
“Irene…” I whispered as she sobbed. “It’s going to be okay.” 
I wiped hair away from her soaked face, trying to make her see the light. “He doesn’t deserve you. You deserve better.” 
“He’s been with someone else…” she whimpered. “My mate lied to me. I feel sick to my stomach.” 
“I know,” I said, my heart breaking even more. “I’m so sorry this is happening.” 
“I hate him ” she whispered. “I hate him so much for treating me like I’m nothing.” 
“You’re not nothing,” Nan said, pulling back to look at her. “He’s the fool… not you.” 
Eliza reached into her purse, pulling out a napkin, and tried to hand it to Irene, but she refused it. Her breathing was heavy as she pulled away from us. Her wolf was rising fast, grief turning to rage. The wind stirred around her, the scene of her power bleeding into the night. Irene didn’t shift often, but when she did, she was a surprisingly powerful wolf. I suppose that had to do with her bloodline. 
“Irene,” I warned softly. “Don’t shift. Not here.” 
“And why not” She asked, whipping around to face me. Her numbness was replaced with pure anger. “He deserves to feel my wrath… he should see what he’s done to me!” 
“Because then you lose,” I said, stepping closer. “You give him the satisfaction of seeing you broken. You’re stronger than that.” 
For a moment, I thought she might snap anyway, but then her eyes flicked to the doorway briefly. I turned to see Erik standing there; his suit was half ripped from a patrol shift, and his hair was a mess, but he was still oddly good–looking in a rugged kind of way. Not that I’d ever admit that to Gavin. 
He wasn’t looking at any of us, though; he was looking at Irene. His eyes were stormy, and even I could feel the tension in the air; it was so thick it could be cut with a knife. 
He looked like he wanted to say something, but he never got the chance. The light’s above us flickered; it was faint at first… then it grew harder. 
Eliza frowned as she stared up at the ceiling, just like the rest of us. 
“That’s strange…” she murmured, her brows pinched together. 
I felt it then—a ripple beneath my skin, like static humming through my blood. It was a familiar sensation that put my wolf on edge almost immediately. My breathing grew shaky without me even realizing it, and then I felt Nan’s hand on my shoulder. 
“Judy, what is it?” She asked, her voice soft and laced with worry. 
“I…I don’t know,” I whispered, pressing a hand to my temple. An ache like no other started to form, and I winced at the tender spot. The world tilted slightly; the sound grew distant. “Somethings-” 
Before I could finish, a shock of pain burst behind my eyes, and I screamed out. 
“Judy!” Nan gasped, holding onto my arm even tighter. 
“Get Gavin!” I heard Eliza yelling as she too rushed towards me, though they all seemed so far away now. 
The last thing I heard was Nan shouting my name again and again as the ground rushed up to meet me. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 787
Chapter 787 
Third Person POV 
The night was thick with fog that clung to the skin like breath and dulled the moonlight. Inside the old study of the Blackwell estate, candles burned low, their flames trembling as if they, too, were afraid. 
Daisy stood at the edge of the room, her arms wrapped tightly around herself as she watched Lila work. Her mind was calculating; she was sick of this. Last night was the worst night she’s had in a long time. The pain she felt made her black out entirely; she was vulnerable in the forest and could have been killed by rogues. Thankfully, she wasn’t, and she sought Lila out shortly after waking up. 
It wasn’t normal pain; it wasn’t from Noah having his way with yet another woman. That kind of pain she was used to. No… this pain was different. 
He had marked this other woman. 
For a normal wolf, marking another woman would tear apart a mate bond, no matter how strong. A wolf only bonds with one at a time; a new mark would replace an old one. But Noah could mark multiple wolves at a time. Daisy knew she wasn’t the only one he had marked, but it was the first time he had marked someone else after her and the first time she had ever felt that kind of pain. 
She couldn’t do it anymore. Her love for him was gone, and the only thing left was this aching void meant to be the bond. Her wolf had long disappeared, unable to handle her chosen mate being unfaithful for all these years. 
Daisy was weak and needed this bond to be broken so she could start to heal. She wanted to start over. She hoped that once Lila activated the gem and got her powers back, she could break the bond between Noah and Daisy and then give Daisy’s wolf the strength to recover so Daisy could finally get her life back. 
But it looked like it wasn’t Lila that Diasy needed because the gem clearly doesn’t belong to her. It didn’t work for her. It was supposed to be her blood that activated the gem, but it didn’t work. Lila was stubborn, though, and refused to admit defeat; in her mind, she was the true daughter of the Blackwells, but Daisy knew that wasn’t the case, regardless of her denial. 
The moon gem sat on the table between them, its surface alive with a faint pulse of silvery light. It had been quiet for days, though it still won’t let Lila wear it without burning her. It still pulsed with life like a heartbeat, waiting for its true owner to return. 
Lila placed another rune stone beside the gem, her eyes sparkling with new ideas. 
“Are you sure this is wise?” Daisy finally asked, her voice barely a whisper. “Last time it-” 
“I know what I’m doing,” Lila snapped, her hands trembling. “You saw the power that this thing has. It’s my power… I don’t know why it’s rejecting me, but once it’s restored from this stone, we can have everything we want and then some.” 
Daisy’s stomach twisted. 
“Or it could destroy us. 
Lila ignored her. Her eyes, once warm, looked nearly black in the candlelight–wild and desperate. 
1/3 
“The gem has been dormant because it doesn’t recognize me as its bearer. It’s been separated from me from birth, so I can’t blame it for being wary. But I’ve found a way to change that,” she said, a smile tugging at her lips. 
She pulled a dagger from her belt and drew it across her palm without hesitation, hissing as blood welled to the surface. Daisy pressed her lips together as she watched Lila draw blood from her own hand. She knew it was no use… it wasn’t Lila’s blood that the gem wanted, and it would only anger it further. But she kept her lips sealed because she knew Lila wouldn’t listen to her regardless of what she said. 
“Blood of the Blackwell line,” Lila said, hovering over the stones, letting the crimson drops fall. 
The reaction was immediate. 
The air snapped with energy, the candles guttered out, and the silvery light flared ot life, filling the room with a glow too bright to look at. 
Lila’s smile grew as the stone began to radiate an energy so great that Daisy had to look away. In Lila’s mind, her plan was finally working, but Diasy knew better than that. 
“Lila, stop!” 
But Lila wasn’t listening; she only smiled… radiant and mad. 
“It’s working!” 
The gem began to hum, the sound low and thrumming through the floorboards. The blood on its surface shimmered, spreading like veins across the table, until the whole room pulsed with a heartbeat that wasn’t 
human. 
And then all at once, the sound changed. 
The hum became a scream. 
The light burst outward violently, throwing Lila backwards into the wall. The fumes shattered, and the candles exploded. Daisy hit the floor hard, gasping as the air was sucked from the room. 
2/3 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 788
Chapter 788 
When the light dimmed, the smell of burnt wood and ozone filled the air. Lila groaned, clutching her arm. Where the gems‘ light had touched her, angry red burns now crawled across her skin… branding her. 
“It rejected you,” Daisy said, staring in horror. “It will continue to reject you and grow angrier every time you 
mess with it.” 
Lila’s breathing came in short, sharp bursts. Tears burned in her eyes, and she angrily swiped at them. 
“No… It’s supposed to be mine. It’s my family’s birthright. My birthright… why doesn’t it recognize me” 
The gem still glowed, but its light had changed–brighter and colder. It pulsed like a living thing, and Diasy felt something pulling inside her chest with every beat. 
Her voice was barely audible as she said, “Lila, it’s not calling to you. I don’t think it ever was.” 
“How is that possible?” Lila asked, turning to glare at Daisy. 
“It’s calling to someone else…” 
Lila shook her head, still in denial over the fact. 
“No… it can’t be true… it just can’t,” she croaked as more tears left her eyes. 
But Daisy could feel it just as much as she could see it. The heartbeat of the gem wasn’t in the same rhythm as Lila’s… it was in the rhythm of someone else…someone who was truly linked to the gem… someone this magic actually belonged to. 
It was time to face the fact that Lila wasn’t a Blackwell… and the real heiress, the real owner of this gem and this magic… was still out there. 
And Daisy would stop at nothing to find her. 
Judy’s POV 
The slow beat of my heart thrummed in my ears; it was the only thing I could hear in this unknown place. I sat with my legs pressed to my chest and my eyes closed, trying to focus on the beat. My body trembled, and fear consumed me, though I had no idea what I was afraid of. All those emotions that didn’t quite feel like my own were pulsing through my veins. 
“Blood calls to blood,” I murmured in a voice that didn’t sound like mine. “Blood calls to blood.” 
It was the only thing I could say; I had no idea why, where I was, or what was happening to me, 
I thought I was going to die here, but then a warm feeling washed over me… and his presence was all- consuming. Though I couldn’t see him, I knew he was here. His scent, warmth, love… it was all around me. 
He was worried about me, but I wasn’t sure why. I was right here… it was his. 
“Judy…” his soft voice made my heartbeat even faster. “Please, baby… wake up. Open your pretty eyes for me.” 
1/3 
He was calling for me, bringing me home. I wanted to go home to him… my mate. 
“What happened to her?” Another familiar voice said softly. 
Nan… my best friend. She was also there, and she sounded worried. 
“There’s nothing physically wrong. Both she and the baby are okay,” another voice said… Eliza.” 
“Don’t tell me there’s nothing wrong, Eliza. She passed out,” Gavin said, his voice coming out hoarse with fear. 
I wanted to tell him that it was okay, that I was right here. But I couldn’t. My body wasn’t my own right now… it was consumed, pulling me further into the darkness… further away from him. 
“Blood calls to blood,” I murmured, unsure if they could hear me, but it was the only thing I could say, the only words I could get out of my mouth. 
“What is she saying?” Nan asked. “I can’t understand her…” 
“Baby, please…” Gavin whispered; he sounded so broken, and my heart ached. 
“It’s time to wake up,” another voice said. This one was unfamiliar, and it sounded like it came from inside my head instead of all around me like the others. The moment I heard her voice, my eyes flew open, and I drew in a large breath, filling my lungs with much–needed air, as if I had been holding my breath the entire time. 
I shot up, my eyes wild and alert as I looked around the unfamiliar room, my heart racing. Nan was startled as she stared at me, and Eliza looked relieved. 
Gavin wrapped his arms around me before I could comprehend what was happening. He pulled me against him, and I buried my face in his chest, relieved to finally be awake and with him again. 
“It’s okay…” he whispered. “You’re okay.” 
But he was wrong… I wasn’t okay. Nothing was okay. Something was seriously wrong, and it was getting worse. I knew he meant well, and I knew I was safe for the moment, but all I could do as he held me… was cry. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 789
Chapter 789 
Judy’s POV 
The flight home was eerie. 
Irene sat in the back of the plane with her earphones on, staring out the window and lost in thought. This was the first moment she hadn’t cried since yesterday, but I knew it wouldn’t last long. I knew she just didn’t want to cry in front of her father, but once she was alone, she would let it all out. Erik and Matt sat together. From the look on Erik’s face, it looked like he wanted to join Irene at the back of the plane, but he was stopping himself. 
Matt had fallen asleep about an hour ago, as had Nan, resting her head against Chester’s shoulder. Eliza was reading a book, and Taylor was emailing and getting me work done. 
Gavin had been on edge since the masquerade ball yesterday and kept his arm wrapped around me the entire time like he was afraid I would disappear at any moment. I could feel that his wolf was seriously on edge, and I wanted to take away some of that tension, but I knew I couldn’t. Not until we figured out what the hell was going on with me. 
“We are going to the hospital when we land,” Gavin said, keeping his voice low and for my ears alone. 
I peeked up at him with a frown. 
“I told you that’s not necessary. Eliza said I was physically fine and so were the babies,” I reminded him. “I don’t want to waste more of her time with this.“1 
“You passed out, Judy,” he said, leaving no room for arguments. “Again. I’m not risking you or our baby’s life.” 
“But I’m awake now and okay,” I assured him, leaning against him. “You don’t have to worry anymore.” 
“You have no idea how scary it was for me to see you lying on the ground like that,” Gavin said after a short pause; there was so much emotion in his voice that it tugged at my heart. “And then you wouldn’t wake up… I thought I lost you… Or was losing you.” 
“You could never lose me.” 
“You know what I mean,” he said sharply. “Your life is not something I’m going to play around with. I already lost one mate to death, I will not lose another. I will not lose you.” 
I let out a breath. 
“I love you,” I finally settled on, resting my head against his broad shoulder. “I love that you care about and continue to care for me. But I promise you, I’m okay.” 
“Something kept you asleep,” he whispered. “Something made you pass out…” 
I bit my lip, chewing on it. 
He lifted his head from mine and stared at me with furrowed brows. 
“What is it?” He asked. 
1/4 
I raised my own brows. 
“What?” 
“You have that look on your face. Like you’re hiding something.” 
“I’m not exactly hiding anything,” I tell him. 
“But you aren’t telling me something either,” he said, raising his brows. “What is it? Did you have that dream again?” 
“Not exactly,” I say, hesitantly. “I was kind of in a void of darkness and in that void… nothing really mattered. I almost forgot who I was until I heard your voice. I wanted to go to you, but I couldn’t move, I couldn’t open my eyes… all I could say was ‘blood calls to blood.“” 
“Is that what you were saying? You were murmuring something, but none of us could figure out what you were saying,” Gavin said, the look of worry crossing his face again. 
I nodded. 
“Gavin, something is wrong. But I don’t think it’s physical, and I don’t think it’s the baby. It’s me… or something inside of me. I don’t really know how to explain it. But I think the Blackwells have something to do with it.” 
“Because of Madam Eloise?” 
I nodded, nibbling on my lower lip again. 
“She’s been in most of my dreams except for the one last night,” I told him. “And she wouldn’t stop staring at me when we were there. I also swear I heard her say ‘blood calls to blood‘, except her mouth wasn’t moving…I have no idea what’s happening, but I want to find out.” [1] 
He was quiet for a moment, and his silence made me think that maybe he was the one who was hiding something. My heart lurched at the thought that he could potentially be life–changing for me. 
“Gavin,” I say, putting my hand on his, drawing his attention to me. “Do you know something?” 
He was still quiet, his eyes finding mine and searching for something on my face, but I wasn’t sure what he was searching for. 
“If you know something about me that I don’t, you need to tell me,” I say, my frown deepening. 
He let out a breath. 
“I don’t know anything,” he said. “If I knew something for sure, of course I would tell you.” 
“Then why do you look like you are hiding something?” I asked. 
“I was just thinking about something,” he said, shaking his head as if that were enough to shake away the thoughts. 
“Thinking about what?” 
2/4 
He sighed. 
“You know how I went to see Levi in prison not too long ago?” He asked. When I nodded, he continued. “Well, he might have said something that stuck with me. I played it off like he was lying, but maybe he wasn’t.” 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 790
“What did he say?” 
“He insinuated that the Moon Gem didn’t belong to Lila,” he told me. “As we found out, the purpose of the 
of the gem was to lock away Lila’s birth powers because it was too much for an infant to handle. It was supposed to be given to her when she came of age… her blood would activate the gem and her powers would be restored. However, the gem was stolen by my father years ago and kept locked away in a box that blocked all magic. He lied and said it was a family heirloom passed down for generations and that one day it would be given to me once I took the Alpha title. However, he died before it was ever passed to me, and my mother had kept it this whole time.” 1 
I nodded, already knowing this story. 
“But Levi mentioned that the stone hadn’t found its rightful owner yet, despite it being with Lila,” Gavin continued, his frown deepening. “Which would mean that she’s not actually the Blackwell heiress. But that doesn’t make much sense because they all treat her like a daughter.” 
“Levi didn’t tell you anything else?” I asked. “Does he suspect that someone else is the heiress?” 
He shrugged. 
“I’m not sure. Getting that little bit out of him was like pulling teeth,” Gavin murmured. “He won’t tell me anything else.” 
“Of course he won’t,” I muttered. “Then maybe we should go directly to the Blackwells and speak with them.” 
“No,” Gavin said sharply. “That’s the last thing we are going to do. I don’t want you getting too involved in that family, Judy. I don’t trust them.” 
“If they are truly connected to these dreams I’m having, then I’m already involved,” I told him, folding my arms across my chest. “I need to know what’s happening to me, Gavin. I need to fix it so I can stop passing out.” 
He was quiet for a long moment. 
“I have a meeting with Zachary Blackwell later this week. I’ll see if I can get any information out of him, and I’ll let you know,” he said, his tone leaving no room for arguments. “But you aren’t to return to that manor until I say it’s safe.” 
“Okay,” I said, leaning back in my seat. 
I knew that was as good as I would get, so I decided not to say anything more about the subject. Besides, a low growl coming from behind me jolted my attention elsewhere. I glanced a few rows back and saw Erik struggling against his wolf; his eyes were flashing between gold and black, not like the normal brown eyes he normally has. 
My brows furrowed. Matt was looking up at him worriedly; I knew Matt could handle his own if something were to happen, but I wasn’t going to let it get to that point. 
“Matt, come sit here,” I say to him as I quickly stand. 
Gavin grabbed my arm. 
“Stay here as well, I’ll deal with him,” Gavin said, about to stand up. 
1/3 
I worried what “dealing with him” would entail on Gavin’s part, so I shook my head nd stood up quickly. 
“No, let me talk to him. I can see what’s wrong. He won’t hurt me.” 
“His wolf is out of control, it looks like… or about to be. I don’t trust him near you or our unborn baby.” 
“He’s controlling himself,” I say in return. “Trust me, he won’t hurt me… let me find out what’s wrong and if it’s something I can’t handle or if he tries anything, you’ll be right here to intervene.” 
He didn’t look happy about it, but he knew I wouldn‘ relented, releasing his hold on my arm. 
down and let him handle things himself, so he 
By the time I slipped out of the seat, Matt was standing beside me. He took my place next to his father, and I went straight to Erik, who was catching the seat so tightly that his knuckles were turning white. 
I sat beside him, hoping my sudden presence would calm him. 
“Hey,” I say, touching his arm; he flinched at the touch as if I had hurt him. “What’s going on, Erik?” 
“You should go away,” he murmured. “I’m having trouble controlling him. He wants to shift.” 
“Why?” I asked. “What’s going on?” 
I glanced out the window and could almost see the outline of the Silver Crescent pack. Thankfully, we would be landing soon. 
“Just go away, Judy.” 
His voice came out cruel and unlike himself. 
“Not until you tell me what’s wrong,” I say stubbornly, refusing to move from this seat. 
He clenched his jaw, his teeth grinding together so hard I was surprised they didn’t shatter in his mouth. He finally looked at me, like really looked at me. The brown of his eyes returned momentarily before more flashes of gold could be seen. 
“My wolf is pissed because I won’t do anything about it…” he muttered. “He’s sick of my delaying to…” 
“Delaying what?” I asked, raising my brows. 
He was quiet for a long while, so I didn’t think he would answer my question. 
But he finally spoke, and I wasn’t prepared for what he would say. 
“Claiming our mate.” 2 
2/3 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 791
Judy’s POV 
The plane went very still for a moment, like the air forgot how to breathe. 
Erik had a mate? How was this the first time I had heard about this? Erik was the kind of guy who believed he would never find a mate. He mentioned in the past that he didn’t even want a mate. He was too busy taking care of his mother and sister after his father passed away years ago. He works and lives for his family, and having a mate would complicate things. 
Gavin’s Lycan power rolled through the cabin; it didn’t roar… it settled. It was heavy and absolute, pressing on my skin until the hair on my arms lifted. His voice came low and lethal. 
“Taylor, restrain him.” 
Taylor was already up. Erik wasn’t fighting so much as shaking–gold burning through his iris, jaw clenched against the snarl he couldn’t swallow. Claws half–formed at his fingertips, chest heaving, not a threat so much as a wolf trapped inside a man. 
“I can’t…” Erik tried to say as he struggled against his wolf. But his words dissolved into a guttural sound, and my heart lurched. 
Taylor came closer to Erik as if he were approaching a wild animal; I suppose in some ways, he was. 
“Just wait a minute,” I said, putting my hand up to stop Taylor from grabbing Erik. I turned to look at Erik, who was still gripping the armrests as if his life depended on it. “Erik, look at me.” 
His gaze snapped to mine. For a heartbeat, the gold dimmed, and the brown surface, the man shouldering the beast back a fraction. He looked… lost. Maybe even a little bit broken. I hated that my friend was going through something, and I wasn’t sure how to help him. 
When had he met his mate, and who was she? 
I wanted to ask these questions, but not while his wolf is on the edge and not in front of all these people… even if these people were my best friends. 
“I can’t control him…” Erik finally whispered, his voice sounding so sad and worried. 
“I know,” I kept my tone even, steady. “But you have to breathe.” 
Taylor was right next to us now. 
“Erik, how about I sit with you for a while?” Taylor suggested. “That way, if you do try anything, I’ll be there to stop it.” 
Erik didn’t reply; instead, the gold and black returned his eyes, and he let out a snarl. His wolf didn’t like that idea; he only wanted one thing, and nothing else mattered until he got that one thing. I could see that a shift was on the horizon, and before I knew what was happening, Taylor was grabbing me and pulling me out of the seat. Suddenly, everybody was awake and alert, their eyes wide when they caught wind of Erik, struggling against his wolf and practically mid shift. 
1/3 
Gavin was out of his seat in second, wrapping his arms around me, blocking my view of Erik. I struggled against him, not wanting to leave my friend behind, I knew Erik would never hurt me… he just wasn’t in his right mind right now. 
I finally was able to get a look at Erik just in time to watch him stick him with a needle. The snarling grew quieter until Erik slumped against his seat, his eyes closed, and his head rested on the window. Taylor let out a sigh and 
leaned back in the seat. 
“What the hell just happened?” Nan asked, her eyes wide, when she spotted what was happening 
“Erik went crazy,” Matt said with a laugh. “Taylor was badass though.” 
Taylor smirked at Matt’s words. 
My eyes wouldn’t leave Erik’s. He was so upset… so broken. He had a mate. 
My eyes immiedalty went to Irene at that thought, and I noticed her watching Erik with a frown, but she made no movements towards him. A small frown between her brows, and I wondered for a moment what was going through her mind. 
“You shouldn’t have gotten that close to him,” Gavin said as he guided me back to our seats. “It was dangerous while he was struggling like that.” 
“You wouldn’t have let him hurt me.” 
“That’s not the point,” he said, his mouth tightening. 
I knew he was right, and it was probably stupid to approach a wild wolf while pregnant. I not only put myself in danger, but I also put my baby in danger. However, I still believed that Erik would never hurt either of us… I couldn’t take chances like that anymore. 
“I’m okay,” I assured him. “I’m sorry I worried you.” 
He stroked his thumb once along my cheekbone and kept his arm around me like he could keep the entire world away with his body alone. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 792
By the time we landed, it was dawn. The doors opened and cool air rushed in; it smelled like rain, metal, and home. When we got off the plane, Gavin and Taylor worked together to get Erik into a waiting car with some Gammas on standby. 
“Take him to Eliza’s clinic,” Gavin ordered the gammas. 
Confused, they looked at one another before their eyes settled on Erik. 
“Is he okay?” One of them asked. 
‘He’ll be fine,” Gavin muttered. “You can ask him questions when he wakes.” 
They both nodded and took Erik away without another word. 
Gavin guided me to the familiar vehicle that would take us home. He opened the door for me, and his expression shifted when he saw the way my knees wobbled. He didn’t say anything about it, though, and I was grateful for that. He slid into the car with me and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me into his side. 
By the time we reached the villa, sunlight was gilding the edges of the roofline. Gavin exited the car first, saying goodbye to the gamma who had driven us, considering Taylor went to his mate’s clinic with Erik. Irene and Matt were quiet the entire drive; Irene was still so lost in thought. I wanted to talk to her and find out what’s going through her mind, but I also didn’t want to pry. 
Matt just looked exhausted. 
“I’m going to bed,” Matt yawned as he exited the car. 
“Goodnight,” I told him, giving him a quick hug as I watched him head inside. 
I didn’t even notice that Irene was already inside, and I felt slightly hurt at the fact that she wasn’t talking ot me. I know I’m marrying her father soon, but she wa still my friend and I wanted to be there for her. But it seemed she didn’t want me anywhere near her, which hurt more than anything. 
Gavin scooped me into his arms, taking my breath away, and then he started to walk inside. 
“I can walk, you know,” I said, keeping my voice teasing. 
He grinned down at me. 
“Indulge me.” 
I rolled my eyes, but it was plausible. He bent and kissed my nose, making me chuckle. He took the stairs like I weighed nothing and set me down on our bed as if I might burst at the heels. 
“You’ve been hovering,” I told him, but I didn’t make it sharp. Truth be told, I liked it when he hovered. It made me feel protected and safe. 
“You passed out yesterday, Judy,” he reminded me. His hand stayed a warm weight at my waist. “So, yes, I’ll hover for a while.” 
1/3 
“You make it sound like I passed out on purpose,” I say, raising my brows. 
“Knowing you? The corner of his mouth lifted. “I’m not ruling it out.” 
I laughed, though it was weak and tired–it was a real laugh. He leaned in, brushed a stray curl from my forehead, and for a while, we didn’t talk at all. Silence wasn’t empty with him; it filled in around us and breathed. 
“Do you think Erik will be okay?” I asked finally. 
“He will,” Gavin said without hesitation. “Eliza and Taylor will handle it.” 
I nodded, wanting to believe it. 
“He has a mate,” I whispered. 
“It seems so.” 
“He never told me,” I said, shaking my head. “I thought we were friends… I can’t believe he never told me. Did you know?” 
“No, of course not. You know more about him than I do,” Gavin told me, tightening his hold on me. 
I nodded, and our conversation faded into a comfortable silence. We held each other and shared kisses occasionally. 
“I think I’m going to talk to my parents tomorrow,” I said suddenly, drawing his attention. 
He raised his brows. 
“Talk to them about what?” 
I nibbled on my lower lip as I thought about everything that’s happened these last couple of weeks. I had questions about what was happening to me and who I truly was, and I knew the ones who would know were the ones who had taken care of me my entire life. I never questioned things before because they took such good care of me and never made me think they didn’t love me as if I were their own. 
I never really cared too much about what happened to my birth parents because I already had parents who loved me and never made me want for anything. 
“About me…” I said after a short pause. “I think it’s finally time to find out where I came from.” 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 793
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 793 
Judy’s POV 
I woke up with the taste of silver on my tongue. 
It wasn’t real, of course; just another dream lingering too long. The forest that wasn’t real, Eloise, who hovered like an angel of death, and the stone that she held in her hands. It was the first time I had seen the moon gem like that; it was like a living entity. The way it’s light had slid under my skin and settled there like a second pulse … how it breathed in time with my own breaths. 1 
I lay still and listened. Gavin’s arm was heavy across my waist, and his breath was steady against the back of my neck. The normalcy of it… our room, the soft tick of the old clock, the morning light creeping under the curtains -felt like a dare. 
“I dare you to pretend that everything is okay,” the voice whispered through my sleep. 
Everything wasn’t okay. There was something inside of me itching to come out… something that’s been there the whole time, but was being blocked for whatever reason. 
I eased out from under his arm, trying not to wake him. He made a quiet sound and tightened his hold without opening his eyes. 
“Where are you going?” He murmured, sleeping, toughening his voice. “And were you going to tell me you were leaving?” 
“The bathroom…” It was a half lie. Yes, I was heading into the bathroom to do my business and change clothes, but I wasn’t planning on returning to bed. 
“You forget that we are bonded, and I can sense your urgency to leave,” he said, lifting his head and finally looking at me. “You can’t lie to me.” 
I let out a breath. He was right; I couldn’t lie to him, and it wasn’t fair to keep this from him either. 
“I need to see my parents,” I finally tell him. 
That fully woke him. His eyes were clearer and sharper, like sunrise had flipped a switch. 
“Now?” 
I nodded. 
“Yes.” My voice was nothing more than a whisper. 
He pushed up on one elbow, his eyes scanning my face. 
“I’ll come with you.” 
I shook my head and lowered myself so I was eye–level with him. I pressed my lips to his, melting in the feel of him against me and the tenderness of the moment between us. My wolf purred in contentment, loving the feel of our mate so close and so in love. I was so stupidly in love with him that my heart ached. 
1/3 
Chapter 793 
+25 BONUS 
Once all of this was dealt with, I vowed to focus entirely on marrying this man and being the best Luna I could be for him. But I couldn’t do that with everything hanging over my head. I needed to figure myself out before I did anything else. 
“This is your first official day back since leaving a few days ago,” I reminded him. “You have to head into the office, and don’t you have pack members to meet with? Not to mention a meeting with Zachary Blackwell to prepare for. You don’t need to come with me and waste more time than necessary…” 
“Being there for you is not a waste of time,: he said, his brows furrowing. 
I smiled at him and kissed him once more. 
“You’re an Alpha above anything-” 
“Wrong,” he said, cutting me off. “I am your mate and a father above all.” He placed his hand over my belly, feeling the fluttering of our baby kicking between us. I couldn’t help but smile from the sensation, and I leaned into him, allowing his warmth and love to wrap around me like a blanket. 
“I love you,” I tell him. “But this is something I need to do myself. Let me spend the afternoon with my parents and get my needed answers. In the meantime, you can deal with the pack issues and your meetings, and then we can meet later.” I let my voice trail off, the innuendo clear. 
His eyes darkened, and I could see the haze of lust filling his gaze. He leaned in and pressed his lips to mine in a deep, passionate kiss. The kind that makes my toes curl and my mind go completely blank. When he finally pulled back, I forgot how to breathe. 
He smiled at my flushed and breathless look on my face. 
“You’ll keep me updated?” 
“Of course,” I breathe without hesitation. 
“Good,” he said, kissing the tip of my nose before pulling back. 
After getting dressed, I slipped downstairs, grabbed the keys of one of Gavin’s cars… the one I liked most, and headed for the door before I could stop myself. Gavin didn’t try to stop me or force me to bring an escort. Of course, with the tight security between the two packs, I didn’t need an escort anymore. But besides, the only one I truly trusted to escort me around was Erik, who could not do so now. 
I made a mental note to speak with him later and find out who his mate is, why he hadn’t mentioned her before, and why his wolf went psycho on the plane. 
2/3 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 794
Chapter 794 
The drive to my parents‘ house felt like it had taken much longer than normal. I nodded my head at the gammas, who sat perched at the broders between the Silver Crescent Pack and the Redmoon Pack
The sky hung low and pale, a blanket of cloud diffusing the light into something muted and gray. It fits the weight in my chest.
I didn’t bother knocking on the door. I had a key, so I opened it and welcomed myself into their home. My mother would have been upset if I had bothered knocking, like I was some kind of guest.
“This will always be your home,” she had told me.
I closed the door behind me, and then suddenly, I was standing in front of my mother, who had large eyes.
“Judy? We weren’t expecting you today. Is everything okay?”
“Hey, Mom,” I said; I sounded awkward even to my ears. “I’m sorry if this is a bad time.”
“Of course, it’s not a bad time. You know you’re always welcome here. At any time.”
“Judy?” my father said as he stepped out of the kitchen, holding a mug of coffee in his hands. He was dressed in a suit and tie, ready for work, and I smiled at him, thankful that they were both here for the time being.
“Good morning,” I said to him. “Are you in a rush to leave?”
“I have a few minutes,” he said, glancing at his watch. “Everything okay?”
“I was hoping to be able to talk to you both about something,” I said, nibbling on my lower lip.
“Come into the kitchen. Do you want a cup of coffee? I can make you breakfast,” my mother suggested as she tugged my arm and pulled me into the kitchen.
“You don’t need to go to any trouble,” I tell her, sitting at the kitchen table and tugging at my fingers nervously.
“It’s no trouble at all,” my mother said as she started to get the pans.
“Is everything okay?” My father asked, sitting at the table as well. “You seem off.”
My mother paused to look at me, a frown marring her lips.
“Yeah,” I said a bit breathlessly. “I guess I just have questions only you two can answer.‘
My parents looked at one another. My father set the coffee mug on the table and even seemed to relax a little in his seat, a sign that he wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon. My mother gave me a small smile, though it didn’t reach her eyes.
“Let me make you some breakfast and get you a cup of decaf coffee, and then we can talk. Okay?”
I nodded, grateful for some time to get my thoughts together. I was about to ask my adoptive parents, the ones who took care of me and never made me feel less loved, about my birth parents, the ones who didn’t want me. I didn’t want my parents to think I wasn’t grateful or that I wanted to find my birth parents because that wasn’t the case. I didn’t want to hurt their feelings.
1/3
Chapter 794
+25 BONUS
I spent my entire life without questioning my upbringing, and now suddenly, I’m curious. I wasn’t sure how to bring this up naturally to them. However, from the looks they kept sharing, I knew that they knew that I was about to ask them something big.
Soon, the kitchen was filling with the scent of eggs and bacon, and my mouth started to water. I didn’t realize how hungry I was until that moment. I suppose I left home pretty early this morning and didn’t bother stopping in the kitchen for a bite to eat.
My mother plated the food and brought it to the table, placing one plate in front of me and another in front of my father.
He thanked her and kissed her on the cheek. She smiled and then sat down, clasping her hands together.
I paused with the fork in my hand and frowned at her.
“You aren’t eating?” I asked.
“I’m not very hungry,” she said, a plastered smile on her lips. “Eat up and then we can talk.”
I stared at her for a moment longer, trying to figure out the expression on her face; it was one I had never seen before. But I didn’t dwell on it, so I ate the food, trying to swallow it down, though it sat like lead in the pit of my stomach.
I ate only half of the food before I couldn’t handle the silence any longer. I set my fork down and sipped the decaf coffee to wash the food down.
“I have to ask you both something, and I need you to be honest with me,” I rushed out, making them both freeze. My father put his fork down and turned to look at me, and I noticed my mother taking his hand…. It was at that moment I realized… they both knew.
“Okay,” my mother said. “What is it?”
“I want to know about my adoption… where did you find me?”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
2/3
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 795
Chapter 795 
Third Person POV 
23 years earlier 
Michele, also known as Shelly Montague, wanted only one thing in life… to be a mother. She and her husband of five years, Richard, had been trying for the last several years to get pregnant, but they had failed. When Shelly found Richard as her mate, she thought to herself that this was it… this was her happily ever after. She would finally get everything she wanted for herself in 
her life. 
Moving to the Redmoon pack had been a tough transition for Shelly; her mate was the Delta and had grown up there So, not moving to that pack wasn’t an option, despite how much Shelly missed her own pack a few hours away, still in the Landry 
territory. 
It wasn’t that Shelly didn’t like the Redmoon pack; it was just that she was having trouble making friends. They were very cliquish; there was a group of rich and snobby people that she tried to get along with, but it seemed no matter what she did, she could never impress them. 
Especially, the queen bee, Miranda Cash. She was a snobby bitch that Shelly shouldn’t even want to be friends with… but she was the Beta’s mate, and getting along with the female Beta could set Shelly up for a long time in the popularity department. 
The main issue was that most of these snobby ladies were either mothers or expecting to be mothers. Shelly told them she was trying for a baby, which gave her an “in.” Now, they invite her to brunch and get her parenting advice for when she gets pregnant. 
She didn’t tell them how long she’d been trying because that would have been embarrassing and would have ruined her potential future popularity. 
She was a 25–year–old woman who shouldn’t have cared much about being popular, but she did. She cared a lot. 
And now, in minutes, it seemed her world was falling apart. 
“What do you mean I can’t get pregnant?” Shelly asked, choking back a sob. The word “Infertile” hung in the air between her and Richard as they stared back at the doctor. They had been seated in the hospital for over an hour, waiting for their appointment, and now that they were there, Shelly wanted to take it back. 
Maybe it was better if she didn’t know. 
“I’m so sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Montague. But you have options. You could do a surrogate… or even adoption is an option. Many children are out there in need of a good home. I can give you a referral,” Dr. Edwards said, a small smile on his lips. “Don’t lose hope of becoming parents.” 
Shelly wanted to just sob; despite the reassuring words of both her husband and the doctor, she felt sick to her stomach. Richard took her hand and pulled her into his arms, wrapping her in a warm hug as she cried. 
She could barely form words to even say goodbye to the doctor. He handed Richard the brochure for their other options because Shelly was too numb to take it herself. Richard guided her out of the doctor’s office and down the long hallway of the hospital. Shelly barely even registered stepping into the waiting room. 
“I need to use the restroom,” Richard had told her, kissing her cheek softly. “Sit here and I’ll be right back.” 
Shelly Barley registered his words but sat down anyway, willing her tears to go away. 
“I can’t do this…” a small voice said from nearby. 
Shelly looked up to see a young girl… maybe around 19 years old–sitting in one of the chairs, her hands clutching the seat so tightly that her knuckles grew white. She had dark circles beneath her eyes, and her blonde hair was a tangled mess… it looked as though it hadn’t been washed in weeks. Her clothes were also worn out and aged, ripped in some places. 
1/2 
Chapter 796 
The main thing that stood out was that this girl was incredibly pregnant. Like, seriously, about to pop kind of pregnant. She was deep breathing and looking pained, both physically and emotionally… Shelly wondered if she was in labor and if so… why wasn’t she in a room yet? 
The hospital was in neutral territory; it wasn’t the best, but it was far enough away from the Redmoon pack that no one would hear about this appointment. She didn’t want the pack doctors to know about Shelly’s situation; she knew word would travel around the pack if she wasn’t careful. 
From appearance alone and then scent, Shelly could tell right away that this girl was a rogue. 
“I can’t do this…” the girl kept murmuring, tears filling her brown eyes. 
Before Shelly could think against it, she stood and walked over to the young girl. She hadn’t noticed Shelly at first, not until Shelly sat beside her and grasped one of her hands, which was still clutched around the seat. 
“Hey,” Shelly said softly. “Are you okay?” 
The girl looked up, her bottom lip quivering. She stared at Shelly for a long while, trying to figure out if she could talk to Shelly. 
Shelly couldn’t blame her; the girl didn’t know her, and it was clear she had been going through something. Shelly decided to go 
a different route. 
“Are you here alone?” 
The girl blinked and then glanced around the room, confused as to why Shelly was choosing to speak to her instead of everyone else. Eventually, the girl nodded slowly. 
Shelly gave her a small smile, but she couldn’t help but feel concerned and worried that it showed on her face. 
“My name is Michelle Montague… but you can call me Shelly,” she introduced, hoping not to sound intimidating. She outstretched her hand to shake, and the girl looked at it questionably before lifting her gaze and meeting Shelly’s. 
“Meg…” the girl finally said, lifting her hand to take Shelly’s; she shook her hand tentatively. 
“That’s a pretty name. Is it short for Meghan?” 
Meg nodded. Her breathing seemed less labored, though she still had a pained look in her eyes. 
“How old are you, Meg?” 
Meg nibbled on her bottom lip as she broke her gaze from Shelly’s to look at the ground. 
“I turn 19 next week.” 
Shelly’s chest tightened. 
“Where are your parents?” 
Meg was quiet for a moment; at first, Shelly didn’t think she would answer. 
“They aren’t around,” she said softly. Shelly couldn’t help but feel that Meg wasn’t telling her something, but she decided not 
to pry or dwell on the subject. As far as she could tell, Meg was completely alone. 
“Boyfriend or husband?” 
Once again, Meg was quiet, and then she breathed. 
“He’s not around anymore…” she whispered. “He was killed…” 
1/3 
Shelly’s heart broke in an instant. 
“I’m so sorry,” she said softly. “So, you have nobody?” 
Meg nodded and then put her hands on her belly, tears filling her eyes. 
“I’m not sure what to do…” she whispered sadly. “I have nobody to help me…. I can’t raise a baby. A goddamn baby I’m in over my head. My mother was right… I should have had an abortion or something.” 
Shelly didn’t think her heart could break any more. 
“You shouldn’t speak like that… some can’t have children. You should count yourself lucky. Now you’ll have a partner in crime 
for life.” 
Meg let out a breathy laugh, which turned into a desperate sob. 
“I’m used to being alone,” she muttered. “I never wanted that for this baby, though… I don’t want her to grow up alone like 1 
had to.” 
“As long as she has you, she’ll never be alone,” Shelly told her. 
Meg nibbled on her lower lip, thinking about that for a moment before she winced in pain, her hand flying to her belly again. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 796
796 
The main thing that stood out was that this girl was incredibly pregnant. Like, seriously, about to pop kind of pregnant. She was deep breathing and looking pained, both physically and emotionally… Shelly wondered if she was in labor and if so… why wasn’t she in a room yet? 
The hospital was in neutral territory; it wasn’t the best, but it was far enough away from the Redmoon pack that no one would hear about this appointment. She didn’t want the pack doctors to know about Shelly’s situation; she knew word would travel around the pack if she wasn’t careful. 
From appearance alone and then scent, Shelly could tell right away that this girl was a rogue. 
“I can’t do this…” the girl kept murmuring, tears filling her brown eyes. 
Before Shelly could think against it, she stood and walked over to the young girl. She hadn’t noticed Shelly at first, not until Shelly sat beside her and grasped one of her hands, which was still clutched around the seat. 
“Hey,” Shelly said softly. “Are you okay?” 
The girl looked up, her bottom lip quivering. She stared at Shelly for a long while, trying to figure out if she could talk to Shelly. 
Shelly couldn’t blame her; the girl didn’t know her, and it was clear she had been going through something. Shelly decided to go 
a different route. 
“Are you here alone?” 
The girl blinked and then glanced around the room, confused as to why Shelly was choosing to speak to her instead of everyone else. Eventually, the girl nodded slowly. 
Shelly gave her a small smile, but she couldn’t help but feel concerned and worried that it showed on her face. 
“My name is Michelle Montague… but you can call me Shelly,” she introduced, hoping not to sound intimidating. She outstretched her hand to shake, and the girl looked at it questionably before lifting her gaze and meeting Shelly’s. 
“Meg…” the girl finally said, lifting her hand to take Shelly’s; she shook her hand tentatively. 
“That’s a pretty name. Is it short for Meghan?” 
Meg nodded. Her breathing seemed less labored, though she still had a pained look in her eyes. 
“How old are you, Meg?” 
Meg nibbled on her bottom lip as she broke her gaze from Shelly’s to look at the ground. 
“I turn 19 next week.” 
Shelly’s chest tightened. 
“Where are your parents?” 
Meg was quiet for a moment; at first, Shelly didn’t think she would answer. 
“They aren’t around,” she said softly. Shelly couldn’t help but feel that Meg wasn’t telling her something, but she decided not 
to pry or dwell on the subject. As far as she could tell, Meg was completely alone. 
“Boyfriend or husband?” 
Once again, Meg was quiet, and then she breathed. 
“He’s not around anymore…” she whispered. “He was killed…” 
1/3 
Shelly’s heart broke in an instant. 
“I’m so sorry,” she said softly. “So, you have nobody?” 
Meg nodded and then put her hands on her belly, tears filling her eyes. 
“I’m not sure what to do…” she whispered sadly. “I have nobody to help me…. I can’t raise a baby. A goddamn baby I’m in over my head. My mother was right… I should have had an abortion or something.” 
Shelly didn’t think her heart could break any more. 
“You shouldn’t speak like that… some can’t have children. You should count yourself lucky. Now you’ll have a partner in crime 
for life.” 
Meg let out a breathy laugh, which turned into a desperate sob. 
“I’m used to being alone,” she muttered. “I never wanted that for this baby, though… I don’t want her to grow up alone like 1 
had to.” 
“As long as she has you, she’ll never be alone,” Shelly told her. 
Meg nibbled on her lower lip, thinking about that for a moment before she winced in pain, her hand flying to her belly again. 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 797
“Meg, are you actively in labor?” Shelly asked, raising her brows. 
Meg swallowed and then nodded. 
“Yes.” 
“Why aren’t you in a room already? Preparing for birth?” Shelly asked, quickly standing of her feet. 
“They told me to wait. There are not enough doctors right now,” she said, shaking her head. 
Sehlly pressed her lips together. 
“Come on,” Shelly said, helping Meg to her feet. “Let’s get you treated.” 
Before Meg could protest, Shelly dragged her to the nurses‘ station. 
“Excuse me, this young woman is in labor and needs to be brought to a room right away,” she told one of the nurses. 
The nurse turned to look at Meg, her eyes narrowing before her gaze shifted back to Shelly. 
“I already told her she needs to wait,” the nurse said. “All of our doctors are currently tending to the Blackwells. They, too, are having a baby, and they take priority.‘ 
The Blackwells?! What were they doing in this hospital? They were such a wealthy family that they could afford the best medical team in the world and chose the low–class hospital in neutral territory. 
“There has to be at least one doctor who can help this girl… look at her… she’s about to give birth in the waiting room,” Shelly said, folding her arms across her chest. 
“I’m sorry, but there’s nothing I can do,” the nurse said almost coldly, making Meg flinch. 
“What’s going on?” Richard asked as he approached his wife. 
Shelly let out a breath of relief. If anyone could help, it would be Richard. He had a way with words, not to mention the status of a 
Delta. 
Shelly explained the situation to Richard and his expression darkened with annoyance, not at Shelly or at Meg, but with the nurse and the hospital in general. After making some threats and promises, the nurse finally relented and assigned a room, along with a doctor, for Meg. 
Shelly and Richard went with Meg to the room to ensure she was being treated. 
“You’re lucky you got a room when you did,” Dr. Joel Pierce said as he examined Meg. “Any longer, you’d have given birth in the waiting room.” 
“That’s what I said,” Shelly said, folding her arms. “They refused to see her until my husband intervened.” 
Dr. Pierce nodded. 
“The Blackwells are here, giving birth to their heiress. All hands on deck, even though it’s unnecessary,” he said, shaking his head. “I swear, once my daughter becomes a doctor, I’ll ensure she treats everybody fairly, and something like this never happens. The future generation is where it’s at.” 
“Your daughter will become a doctor as well?” Shelly asked, making conversation. 
He nodded. 
“At least that’s what she wanted. Honestly, she’s brilliant for her young age… it would be a shame if she became anything else. 
1/3 
Elizabeth will make a fine doctor, and she will treat everyone equally. At least that’s what I’m trying to bestow in her.” 
Shelly immediately liked this doctor and trusted him with Meg. 
After the doctor left the room, Shelly and Richard decided it was probably time to leave. 
“Can you stay?” Meg asked quickly. “I mean… if you don’t have anything else to do. I really don’t want to be alone.” 
They agreed to it and sat with Meg, making mindless conversation to keep her mind off the fact that she was about to give birth to a baby she wasn’t ready for. 
“Do you have any names in mine?” Shelly eventually asked, curiosity piquing her interest. 
Meg blushed, and a small smile, the first real smile she had given all day, graced her lips. 
“Judy,” Meg finally said with a soft sigh. “I want to name my baby Judy.“. 
2/3 
Charles Hill
Sara is a daring romance writer who turns icy landscapes into scenes of fiery passion. She loves crafting hot love stories while embracing the chill of Iceland’s breathtaking cold.
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 798
Chapter 798 
Judy’s POV 
“My mother was a rogue?” I asked, my chest feeling tight and my stomach rolling into a knot. My mother and father looked at one another, sadness in their eyes. My mother had tears glistening in her eyes as the memory came back to her. It’s been about 23 years since all of this went down. I knew my mother couldn’t have children, but it seemed like her sadness came from something else… something deeper. 
“She was,” my father finally replied. “And she gave your mother and me a gift before she left…” 
“She didn’t want me…” I whispered, feeling a heaviness weighing me down. My mother didn’t die… she wasn’t forced to give me away…she just didn’t want me. Plain and simple. 
“Oh, sweetheart… she was so young,” my mother told me gently, reaching out to grab my hand. “She was a rogue. She had no home… she was in and out of different homes, and none of them were good. We got to talking a lot during her labor… once she started to trust us, she opened up a bit more about her homelife.” 
“What about it?” I couldn’t keep the bitterness out of my tone. 
“She got pregnant by a rogue whom she fell in love with. Her parents were incredibly controlling, and they weren’t good people. They were rich and snobby, but terrible to her. They treated her more like property than anything. Her birth father, the only one who ever showed love towards her, died when she was much younger, and her mother remarried someone else…someone who already had kids.” 
My mother paused to gather her thoughts, and I remained quiet, listening with my heart in my throat. 
“Your mother, Meg, didn’t get along with her stepsiblings at all… especially her stepbrother, who was older than her. He was cruel and mean. She didn’t really tell me much about him, but I knew she feared him more than she feared anyone else in her life. She tried to run away a few times… but the very last time she ran, she met a rogue. A boy about her age. She fell in love with him almost instantly. But then she was found and dragged back to her family’s home.” 
More tears filled my mother’s eyes, and I fought the urge to go to her. I felt numb, and I needed to know what had happened all those years ago, so I remained quiet, waiting. 
She found out she was pregnant a month later, and her family was furious. They kicked her out, and she left to find your father. They found one another, and they planned to run away together so they could raise the baby themselves without her family’s influence. But before they could make an official run for it, they were found, and he was killed by her family’s people.” 
My heart shattered from her words. 
My mother’s family killed my father? I let out a shuddering breath. 
“They dragged her back home,” my mother said softly, more tears spilling from her eyes. “And they were so cruel to her. So very cruel. They wanted her to either get an abortion or lose the baby. But your mother didn’t want to lose her baby… she didn’t want to lose you. She knew that the love of her life, your father, would never want that. He wanted a family… he wanted you more than anything and was willing to give up everything to keep you. Eventually, Meg met someone. An older woman who gave her a way out. She had a carriage filled with goods that was going into another territory and offered Meg a ride. It was her only way out, really… so she took her up 
1/3 
on the opportunity. She hitched a ride, hiding out for many days and many nights. When they finally reached the new territory, she lived her days as a rogue in hiding. She feared her family would find her out. She heard rumors that her family was looking for her, and she feared that they would find her… that they would find you. She couldn’t settle down in a new pack out of fear; she avoided Alphas and packmates. She kept to the shadows and ate scraps for food. Her life wasn’t her own… she lived in fear, and she knew that it would never get better. That they would ever stop until she was and you were found.” 
I swallowed the lump in my throat and stared down at my hands, tugging at my trembling fingers, trying to get 
them to stop. 
“Then, she went into labor and ended up in the hospital where we met her,” my mother continued. “She loved you so much, Judy. She wanted so badly to keep you safe… but she knew that the life she lived could never be the life you deserved. She couldn’t let you be on the run with her for your entire life… living in fear like she did. She didn’t want that kind of life for you and wanted only the best. So, when she gave birth and she held you for the first time, crying and kissing your cute little cheeks… I saw the love she had for you. It was undying and real; she said that you looked so much like your father, and she was so happy that you were born healthy… that you were safe for right now. But she knew the second she left that hospital with you in her arms, you would no longer be safe…” 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 799
Chapter 799 
My heart crumbled, and I hadn’t realized I was crying until my father pulled me into his arms, holding me in his strong embia. 
“She reallid love you, Kiddo,” my father murmured, kissing the top of my head. “As did we.” 
“Which was why she wanted us to have you. She knew we could give you the life you deserved, and plus, I couldn’t have children… so it just made sense in her eyes. At first, we declined, saying that she should be your mother and take care of you the best she could because a child deserves their real mother. But she told us she could never give you a good life, and it was only a matter of time before her family found her. If they found you as well… it would have been so much worse. She wanted to stop running and living in constant fear. It was time she faced the music and returned to where she came from… to steer them away from you. So, we agreed to take care of you.” 
Her words stopped, and she let out a soft cry, so my father continued. 
“Your mother and I went home that night to give Meg and you some time alone to say goodbye. We also wanted to pick up some things and make sure the house was baby-ready. Not to mention, let the Alpha know about our newest addition and get everything approved. Meg was supposed to remain in the hospital for a couple of days. So, we knew we had some time before we could take you home. We spent a couple of days getting everything together, and by the time we returned to the hospital… Meg was gone. 
“Apparently, she checked herself out and took off the next morning,” my mother said, shaking her head. “At first, we thought she took you, and we panicked. But we soon found out she didn’t, and that you were safe. She told the hospital that we were taking you, and after we finalized all the paperwork, we took you home that night. We hadn’t heard from Meg since… we don’t even know if she’s still alive.” 
“And you have no idea where she could be?” I asked. “Or who her family was?” 
“She made it a point not to tell us who her family was,” my mother said. “I’m assuming they were powerful, though. At least powerful enough to scare her and shield you from them.” 
I sat with that information for a long while. It was so much to take in, and I wasn’t even sure where to start unwrapping things. Yes, I got the answers I was looking for, but now I have so many questions. Like what happened to my birth mother? Who was the family she was trying to hide me from? 
I love my adoptive family, but now I’m more curious about where I came from and how the Blackwell family comes into ties with this. Elois comes to me in my dreams often enough to make me think that they are 
connected to me somehow. 
Then, something else my mother said in her tale brought my attention back to the current moment. The Blackwells were also having a baby that day… in a neutral territory, a low-rated hospital. It was strange to say the least. 
“Did anything else happen while you were at the hospital?” I found myself asking. “Anything strange?” 
My parents looked at one another with frowns. 
“Like what?” My father asked. 
1/3 
“You said the Blackwells were there as well,” I said, staring between the two of them. “Did you meet?” 
“Not officially,” my father said. “But I did get a glimpse of them when we were leaving. It was the older woman 
the Zachary Blackwell’s mother, Esme. I recognized her from photographs and magazine shoots.” 
My heart orched. 
“Did she say anything?” I asked quickly before I could stop myself. 
My father frowned and shook his head. 
“No… but it was the weirdest thing,” he said, a crease forming between his brows as the memory came back to him. “She didn’t say anything… but she did stare. At first, I thought she was staring at your mother as I wheeled her out of the hospital, but I realized pretty quickly that it was you she was staring at.” 
“What?” I breathed. 
If that were true, could that mean that Esme Blackwell knew something?” 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 800
Chapter 800 
Judy’s POV 
By the time I pulled into the parking space in front of the villa, the villa’s lights were a soft scatter of gold across the stone. It shouldn’t have been like warmth. It looked like a stage set waiting for its actors. 
I already figured that Gavin wasn’t going to be here, but my wolf still whimpered at the loss of him. She needed her mate right now; our world seemed to have turned upside down today. Finding out about my birth mother and her potential fate nearly destroyed me. 
I wondered what family she came from… what family I came from. Whoever they were, I wondered if they knew I still existed and if they wondered about me in the same way that I wondered about them. 
I told myself that I was fine. That the drive back had helped, that breathing with my hand on my belly had helped, that putting distance between me and everything that I found out had helped. But the moment I stepped into the manor, greeted by Adam, who gave me a small head nod, my mind went back to that kitchen table. 
There was one thing I knew for certain: I was part of a family that was so powerful it made my birth mother run and then hide me with the Montagues. She was so afraid that she willingly gave me away. 
The lump in my throat was tough to swallow, and my hands trembled no matter how many times I tried to calm them. 
“Is anyone home?” I asked Adam, who remained perched at the doorway as he always was. 
“Only Irene,” he replied. “Master Matthew is at school, and Alpha Landry is at his office. But he’ll be home within a couple of hours.” 
I nodded, hating how vulnerable I felt at that moment. 
I went into the kitchen, and the kitchen staff, who were in the middle of speaking in hushed whispers, stopped the moment I entered. They paused, glancing at me with forced smiles, and bowed their heads in my direction. 
“Good afternoon, future Luna,” one of them said, quickly bowing her head. “There’s a plate of food prepared in the fridge if you are hungry.” 
I wasn’t hungry, but I smiled politely. 
“Thank you,” I told her. “But I think I’m just going to make myself some tea.” 
“Allow us to make you tea,” another staff member said quickly as she rushed to grab a mug. 
“It’s okay,” I said a little too quickly. “I can do it myself. Honestly, it’s fine.” 
“Oh, but Madam, it’s our job,” she insisted. 
I stepped towards her, putting my hand on the mug that she was now holding. I gave her a small smile, trying to look like I had my shit together and not at all like I was falling apart on the inside. 
“Truly, I’d like to do it myself,” I told her. 
After a moment, she nodded and stepped back. 
I boiled water, my hands craving the work, and stood at the counter while the kettle built itself towards a scream. I was wildly aware that I was being watched, but I tried not to pay them any attention. 
When the kettle finally whistled, I poured the hot water over a teabag, because that’s what you do when your brain is loud… You make something simple happen, and you keep your hands busy. The mug warmed my palms; I breathed in steam. 
It didn’t help, but maybe that was because there were still eyes on me despite their best efforts to keep busy in the kitchen. 
1/3 
Cleaning and preparing for a later meal. 
I took the tea into the back parlor and curled on the end of the couch where I’d learned the perfect angle to watch the fire without getting overheated. The lights were dim; the scene of Gavi on the floor over my knees pressed against the loneliness, and I couldn’t quite hold back. I told myself to let the day go; I told myself that I was safe and loved and I had everything I wanted in life… so why didn’t it seem like enough? Why did I feel so lost? 
I set the tea down on the coffee table and placed my hands over my belly, feeling the light fluttering of my baby. Warmth spread through my body; I was going to be a mom… I couldn’t imagine ever being so afraid of something that I would willingly give up my baby. 
“I would never walk away from you…” I whispered. “We are in this together. You’re my entire heart…” 
Tears burned my eyes, and I had to blink them away. The last thing I needed was for someone to walk in and see my blubbering like a baby. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
X 
GET IT NOW 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 801
Chapter 801 
My phone buzzed in my pocket, and I pulled it out to see a text from Gavin; I couldn’t help the smile that tipped the corner of my lips. 
Gavin: Might be a little late tonight. I can pick up dinner on my way home if you want to dismiss the staff early. 
Me: Can we do pizza? 
The thought of having comfort food sounded perfect, and my stomach growled at the thought of it. I glanced at the time. It was nearing 2 pm; maybe I should have taken the staff up on a snack. I could go into the kitchen and grab some food, or maybe I could run to the packhouse and see Chester. I knew that’s where he was working this afternoon. Nan was busy with her restaurant, and I didn’t want to bother her, plus she would probably end up at the packhouse later anyway because she helped there as well. 
Now that she was fully staffed, she was able to take some time off and spend time at the packhouse to help out with certain meals and events. 
I could use a friend right now, and I need someone else to talk to. 
My phone buzzed again, and I already knew it was Gavin before I saw his name flash across the screen. 
Gavin: Pizza sounds great. Just let me know what everyone wants, and I’ll grab it on my way home. 
Before I could reply, he sent another text. 
Gavin: Did you speak with your parents? 
Me: Yes, we can talk when you get home. 
Gavin: Good news or bad news? 
I let out a breath. 
Me: Heavy news. 
Gavin: Are you okay? 
Me: Again, we will talk when you get home. It’s a lot to say over text message, and I’m still processing it myself. 
Gavin: Okay. I love you. 
I couldn’t help but smile at his words; no matter how many times he tells me he loves me, my heart will also flutter in my chest. 
Me: I love you too. 
I shoved my phone back into my pocket, downed the rest of my tea, and stood to my feet. I needed to get out of here and go to the packhouse. I was going to go crazy if I remained in this villa any longer. But just as I started to leave the parlor, I heard a voice in the hallway, heading towards the stairs. 
The footsteps were hurried, and the voices carried in frantic, almost hysterical waves. 
“Why can’t you just listen to me for like 5 minutes!” 
“Because what you are saying is fucking crazy! Just leave me alone, Erik.” 
“What you felt for him wasn’t real. Can’t you understand that? He was never your mate in the first place. I’m your mate!” 
“Then why don’t I feel it? Why doesn’t my wolf recognize you as her mate” 
“Because you are too heartbroken over that loser to see what’s right in front of you. But if you just give me a few minutes to 
1/3 
explain, you’ll see that I’m right.” 
I tried to get closer, trying to figure out who he was talking to. Her voice was so familiar, but I couldn’t figure out where I had heard it before. It didn’t help that she was crying and her words were rushed out. 
“I’ve been over this over and over again… my heart cannot take any more of this. Why can’t you people just leave me the hell alone!” 
“I’m not the same as them, Irene!” Erik all but shouted, and at the sound of Irene’s name, I stumbled out of the parlor and into the hallway, drawing both their attention to me. 
Erik stared at me with wide eyes, and Irene just looked pained, not at me, but at the situation. She looked like a caged animal; her arms wrapped around her legs, and her bottom lip trembling as she tried desperately not to sob. But I could see the pain in her eyes and the desperation to escape. 
“Go upstairs,” I tell her. 
“We still need to talk-” Erik tried to interject, but I held up my hand, proud that my hand didn’t shake with pent-up nerves. 
“Upstairs, Irene,” I tell her. 
Her shoulders visibly relaxed, and she gave me a nod before she retreated up the stairs. Erik looked like he wanted to chase after her, but I stepped in front of him, folding my arms across my chest. 
“You don’t understand,” he said through his teeth. 
“You’re right; I don’t,” I said, raising my brows. “I’m heading to the packhouse, you’re going to drive me, and on our way, you’re going to explain to me what the fuck is happening.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
2/3 
GET IT NOW 
X 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 802
Chapter 802 
Judy’s POV 
I thought I was prepared for what Erik had to tell me, but I wasn’t. I sat in the front seat because I wasn’t there as a future Luna or as Gavin’s mate… I was there as Erik’s friend, and friends don’t sit in the backseat while their other friends drive. Plus, it was clear Erik needed to talk, and it was hard to do that if I couldn’t actually look at his face. 
He was quiet for most of the drive; his knuckles turning white as he clutched the steering wheel. 
I was already emotional from the day; I was at my wits’ end and decided I wasn’t going to wait for him to tell me the story. I was going to get it out of him one way or another. 
“Are you going to tell me what the hell that was in there? Or do I need to bring it up to Gavin and have him get it out of you?” 
His jaw clenched. 
This has nothing to do with him…” 
e’s father,” I said sharply, my eyes narrowed as I stared at the side of his face. “You upset her, and I want to know wig staldn’t go to him right now.” 
“Because I’m your friend and you wouldn’t do that.” 
“I’m his mate and I shouldn’t keep things from him that concern his family,” I said, narrowing my eyes. “Maybe you should convince me otherwise.” 
He pressed his lips together. 
“He would try to keep her away from me if he knew the truth…” he murmured, and for a moment, I could hear the vulnerability in his voice. It broke my heart to hear it, and I wanted to make it better. Maybe that was the mother in me. 
“From the way she looked at you, I would say maybe keeping her away isn’t a bad thing…” 
He sucked in a sharp breath. 
“He can’t do that…” he said, taking a deep breath. “She’s my mate and I love her…” 
My heart stopped at his words; I knew that’s what I had heard earlier, and I had suspected as much, but I just didn’t understand how something like this was possible. 
“I’m sorry, did you just say she’s your mate?” 
He let out a breath, relenting to my questioning. 
“Yes,” he murmured. “She’s my mate. I’m not sure what to do… she won’t even give me the time of day. How is it fair that I got fucked out of my mate because of these dumb fucks… I shouldn’t have waited like I did. I should have claimed what was mine the 
second she turned 18.” 
D 
We pulled into the packhouse parking lot, and he parked the car. He was about to turn off the engine and get out of the car, but I put my hand on his arm, stopping him from doing just that. 
“Wait a minute. I’m not understanding. What are you talking about, Erik?” 
“Do we have to do this right now?” 
“Yes,” I said simply, folding my arms across my chest. “We have to do this right this second. I need you to tell me what the hell is going on because I feel like I’m about to lose my mind.” 
He sighed, running his fingers through his hair, and then he leaned back in his seat. 
1/3 
“Fine…. but I tell you… It has to stay in this car,” he said, glancing over at me. His eyes were pleading, and I felt my heart ripping open for him. 
“Of course,” I said softly. “You can trust me…. You know you can.” 
He stared at me for a moment longer, and then he nodded. 
“Okay..” he breathed. “Well, Irene was a late bloomer. I knew when I was a teen that she was special to me. When I was training to be a gamma throughout my teenage years and studying to get into the best college, I was kind of in love with her. I mean, she was 4 years younger than me… but she always brightened my day whenever I wa around her. Protecting her was one of my first duties… and I guess I never really let that go,” he started to explain. 
I listened to him, nodding along with his words, smiling at certain parts. 
“When 
meant to b 
18, she was only 14. I got my wolf, and my wolf was extremely protective of her. I knew right then that she was me But werewolf law forbade me from telling her…. she couldn’t know until she was at least 18. So, I waited for her. She tumed 18… but she didn’t get her wolf.” 
I raised my brows; I didn’t know that Irene didn’t get her wolf at 18. 
“I wasn’t aware of that,” I told him, repeating my thoughts out loud. 
He nodded. 
“Yeah… she didn’t get her wolf, but I mean… she has Landry blood, so I knew she would get her wolf eventually. I waited…. I didn’t want to spring a mate on her without her knowing for sure. We were… closer than normal friends. I was away at college for the last several years, and I wasn’t scheduled to graduate until next year. But we kept in contact. She told me she felt safer with me than she did with anyone else, and I wanted of scream that it was because we were fated mates…” 
“In some way… she must have felt it too. Even without a wolf,” I breathed. 
He nodded in agreement. 
“That’s what I thought too. But when I came back from college, finally graduated… she was 19 and she couldn’t stop talking about this guy she had met…” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
X 
GET IT NOW 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 803
Chapter 803 
1 cringed at his words. 
“Let me guess… was it Ethan?” 
He nodded, rolling his eyes. 
“Yeah, that asshole,” he muttered. “He stole her heart… obviously, she didn’t know about you at the time, and you know how that story ended. But she had gotten her wolf around the time she met Ethan, so she thought that maybe she and Ethan were destined to be together because meeting him apparently triggered her wolf to emerge.” 
Now it was my turn to roll my eyes; they were anything but meant to be, and I hated that Ethan made her feel like that at all when he was supposed to be my mate at that time. 
“Go on,” I said, urging him to continue with the story. 
“Well, her woll had chosen him as her chosen mate, and Irene was so obsessed with him… like manically so, she couldn’t see anything other than him. I was assigned to other duties, so I barely got to spend any time with her as is…” 
“She did 
gnize you as her mate?” 
He shook his head 
“I think she might have recognized something… but she was so crazy over him and obsessed with the notion that he could be her destiny, that she really didn’t’ see much less around her. I mean, she almost killed her own brother for crying out loud.” 
I cringed at the reminder, but I didn’t interrupt him. 
“You can’t deny that she wasn’t herself… You might not have known her for long prior to that, but can you honestly say the Irene you know now is anything like the Irene you knew then?” 
I shook my head. 
“No, I can’t. You’re right. She was a completely different person,” I admitted. 
He nodded in agreement. 
“She was even more different before that,” he continued. “All this heartbreak… it changed her… it made her different, though she’s definitely better than she was when she was with Ethan… but I can’t blame her for changing.” 
“So, after she and Ethan broke up, what happened after that?” I asked. 
“She was gutted and couldn’t see anything else around her. I was having some family trouble at that point… my mother was sick and someone needed to care for her and my sister. I took some time off, and I was hoping Irene would take that time to heal. I wanted her to lick her wounds and get herself better before I came back to her and claimed her as my mate. But by the time I 
came back…” 
“She met Chuck,” I said, slowly putting pieces together. But then my brows furrowed. “But… I don’t get it. She recognized Chuck as her fated mate and vice versa. How is that possible?” 
He pressed his lips together, his cheeks going red, and I could see the hatred in his eyes. 
“I didn’t get it either,” he muttered. “I was confused and pissed. Then I saw a Seer, and I was told that Irene is being played by a 
Siren.” 
I blinked. 
“A siren?” I asked. “Like a mermaid?” 
1/3 
He shook his head. 
“No… like Chuck.” 
I tilted my head at him. 
“I didn’t think Sirens existed, and I thought they were lime mermaids,” I admitted. 
“Those types of Sirens are fairytales,” he explained. “But real sirens can be male or female… and anything in between. They don’t have to sing to get people attached to them. But they can make anyone think they are fated mates. They can make you so drawn to them that you can’t breathe without them. They take everything and anything they want from you, and when they break your heart, it’s like your entire world ended, and you can’t see anything else except that heartbreak…” 
My heart shattered at his words. 
“Are you telling me that Irene was played by a siren?” I asked, my voice coming barely above a whisper. 
He nodded, pressing his lips firmly together as he took off his seatbelt. I knew the story was coming to an end, and he needed to blow off some steam. 
That’s exactly what I’m saying. Chuck was never her mate… he only pretended to be. He wanted something from her, and as soon as she gave it to him, he left her. Or maybe he hadn’t gotten it from her yet, and he was sloppy. Regardless, Irene is still under his spell, and she’s gutted… she doesn’t see me as her mate. She sees me as someone who’s capable of hurting her.” 
Without another word, he opened the car door and got out. I quickly unbuckled myself and got out as well, my feet moving quickly to catch up to him as we made our way towards the front entrance. 
“Gavin needs to know about this,” I said hurriedly. “If Irene is under some kind of spell or siren enchantment, Gavin might be able to break it or find someone who can.” 
“The Alpha would kick my ass if he knew I was mated to his daughter.” 
I grabbed his arm to stop him from walking. 
“No, he wouldn’t. Give him some more credit than that. He hadn’t kicked Ethan’s ass or Chucks… he wouldn’t kick yours either. But this is serious, Erik… not to mention dangerous. Irene fell for a trap, and I think Gavin should know about it.” 
He was quiet, contemplating my words, weighing out his options. 
“Plus,” I continued. “We need to figure out what the Hell Chuck wanted and what Irene is willing to give him.” 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 804
Chapter 804 
Judy’s POV 
I was beyond pleased to see Nan in the packhouse kitchen, hard at work alongside her mate. They both looked so in their element and happy, and it made me smile despite the turmoil in the pit of my stomach. 
When Nan noticed me in the doorway, her smile grew. 
“Judy, hey,” she said, putting down whatever she was working on and walking over to me. 
“Hey,” I said in return, throwing my arm around her and melting in her warm embrace. It was nice to see a familiar and comforting face after everything that has happened today. My mind was one giant mess, and I needed someone to talk to about all of this. I needed my best friend. “It’s good to see you. I really didn’t think you’d be here.” 
“I closed early today for some convention, so I came here to help out,” she explained, pulling back slightly. When she looked at my face, her smile faltered. “What happened?” 
“It’s just an emotional day,” I tell her, trying hard not to cry. “A lot to tell you.” 
She seemed to get the hint and quickly turned to her mate. 
“Can you handle this without me for a bit?” She asked. 
Chester nodded, giving her the “go ahead” symbol. 
She blew him a kiss and turned to look at me, wrapping her arm around mine and pulling me out of the kitchen. We passed by packmates who gave me strange looks; some smiled and gave me head nods. I didn’t come to this packhouse often, but I suppose I needed to come here more now that I was going to be there, Luna and all. I should have more of a presence. 
The packhouse parlor was much bigger than the parlor in the villa, mainly because this was where they held many events. Thankfully, there wasn’t anything huge going on in the parlor, so there were only a few people who occupied the space. 
There was an event of a sort happening in the back of the packhouse, though, which made the packhouse itself busier than normal. I wasn’t planning on attending this event, nor was Gavin, but now that I’m here, I might hang out for a bit and enjoy some of the company and maybe get to know more of the packmates. 
Nan pulled me down on one of the couches, keeping her arm clung to mine. 
“Okay, spill it. Tell me what happened today.” 
I let out a breath, and I didn’t hold back; I told her every detail. I told her everything my parents had told me about my birth mother, and against my better judgment, despite what I promised Erik, I told her about him and Irene as well. 
By the time I finished the story, her jaw was practically on the ground. It felt good to get it all out, and she listened without interruption, but I think it was because she was too shocked to actually speak. 
“Hold the fuck up,” Nan said, her eyes wide. “Irene was played by a siren I didn’t know sirens existed!” 
“Neither did I,” I admitted, nibbling on my lower lip. “I’m just not sure what to do.” 
“Well, I think you were right. The Alpha needs to know about this. He would want to know, for starters, but also, he might be able to help. He’s very powerful after all,” she told me with a shrug. “As for your parents go, I think it’s the wrong move to go to Blackwell’s point blank. I mean, what exactly are you going to ask them? They might not know anything about your Birth mom. It might just be an E thing, and she doesn’t speak if the rumors are correct. From what you said, it didn’t seem like the Blackwells had any interaction with your birth mother and barely any interaction with your adoptive parents.” 
“So what do you think I should do?” 
She thought about it for a moment before her eyes lit up. 
1/3 
“Erik said that he saw a Seer, right? Is she someone that he trusts?” 
I shrugged. 
“I’m not sure; he didn’t really say much about them,” I admitted. 
“I was thinking maybe he could give you a recommendation. If anyone can see into your past and figure out what family you belong to and where you can get answers, it’s Seers. I’ve heard good things about them, I mean, they’re accurate. But their information will always come at a cost. But maybe Erik knows a Seer who will help you out at a low cost.” 
I hadn’t thought about seeing a Seer about this; this was why I talked to Nan, because she always seemed to have good ideas. I found myself relaxing for the first time all day. I had a game plan… I was going to see a Seer and try to find out who my birth mother was, so afraid of… and if they were still out there somewhere. 
“Will you come with me?” I asked before I could stop myself. “I’m not sure if I can do this myself.” 
She nodded eagerly. 
“Yes, absolutely. Just let me know when, and we can go together. I’ll take some time off if I need to. I mean, I am the boss after all. I can pretty much do whatever I want,” she said with a wink. 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 805
Chapter 805 
“Where’s Emalyn, by the way?” I asked, glancing around. 
“Oh, we hired a babysitter,” she said, her cheeks flushing slightly. “I didn’t want to keep bothering your parents. So, we hired a teen. She babysits for a couple of hours after school, and during the day, I enrolled her in daycare so we can work without 
worry.” 
I nodded, knowing this was something I’ll have to think of when I give birth as well. I put my hands on my belly for the hundredth time today. 
Nan’s gaze softened, as did her smile. 
“How’s our future Alpha?” 
I smiled, my heart swelling. 
“Active,” I told her. “He’s going to be a strong one, like his father.” 
She laughed. 
“I don’t doubt that.” She watched me for a moment longer. “Do you feel any better? You seem to look lighter.” 
I shrugged. 
“Yeah, it always helps talking to you,” I admit. “Thanks for being here.” 
“Always,’ she said, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and pulling me close. “That’s what best friends are for. We’ve been facing this world together forever, and we’ll continue to face it together, no matter what happens.” 
I felt at ease hearing Nan say that. 
Nan and I chatted for a little longer before we went back into the kitchen. I decided ot help out a little, wanting to keep my mind and body busy. As the time went on, I glanced at the clock and my heart stuttered. 
Gavin would most likely be arriving at home soon; I completely lost track of time. I grabbed my phone from my pocket and saw that he had sent me a couple of texts that he was leaving work and was about to pick up the pizza. My stomach growled at the thought. I told him I was at the packhouse and would be home soon. 
Gavin: I’ll just pick you up at the packhouse. I’ll be driving by there anyway. 
Me: Okay. I’ll wait for you. 
I was kind of relieved that he was going to pick me up, and I wouldn’t have to bother Erik. He wasn’t in the right mind space right now, and I honestly didn’t want him to return to the villa tonight. He needed to take some space and breathe, not to mention I was certain Irene needed space from him as well. 
“I should go,” I told Nan as I slid off the barstool in the kitchen. “Gavin will be here soon.” 
Nan nodded and quickly gave me a hug. “Okay, be safe and call me tomorrow. We can figure out a time to see a Seer.” 
“You’re going to a Seer?” Chester asked, raising his brows. 
Nan kissed his cheek gently. 
“It’s a long story that I’ll fill you in on later,” she assured him. 
He nodded, kissing her back. 
“If you see Erik tonight, can you ask him for a recommendation?” 
1/3 
“Of course,” Nan said. “He’s usually here around dinner time, so I’m sure I’ll see him before we leave.” 
“Thanks, Nan,” I said, hugging her again before I retreated from the kitchen. 
I started towards the front door so I could wait for Gavin on the front patio. I was excited to see him; I had so much to tell him, and honestly, I just wanted him to make it all better. 
I didn’t get too far, though, before I heard some murmurs from around the corner; packmates I didn’t quite know that well, but I recognized them from around town. 
“I can’t believe she’s going to be our Luna…” 
“Come on, Liv. We don’t even know her… she might be good. You saw her at the gamma competition…she’s kind of a badass.” 
The first girl, Liv, scoffed. 
“You really think a gamma is going to make a good Luna? She’s not trained for it… she doesn’t even know any of us. I bet she doesn’t know any of our names. Is she really someone we can trust if she doesn’t even know us?” 
“Liv is right,” another voice said, and I realized there was a small group of girls standing around and talking about me. My heart sank at their words, and my cheeks burned. “Just because she can fight doesn’t make her a good Luna. I don’t think that she and Alpha Gavin make a good pair.” 
“Definitely not,” another voice said, sounding aggravated. “He deserves better than someone who could be his daughter. She’s pretty much our age. She’s not someone I trust as my Luna.” 
“Then we are in agreement, then?” Liv asked. “We don’t want her, and we’ll protest against her being our Luna.” 
“Yes,” the others all said at the same time, and I stepped back. 
“I still think we should give her a chance…” 
“You’re either with us or against us, Tori. Don’t make us kick you out of our group,” Liv all but hissed. 
This silenced the girl, Tori, and she let out a breath. 
“Okay,” she finally said after a moment. “I’m with you… We’ll protest against Judy being our Luna.” 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 806
Chapter 806 
Judy’s POV 
When Gavin arrived, I was a bundle of nerves. My hands wouldn’t stop trembling, and I kept biting my lip to keep from sobbing. The girls from the pack were talking about protesting my becoming their Luna. How could I tell Gavin that his own pack hated me and didn’t want me as their Luna? 
“Hey, you,” he said as I slid into the passenger seat. He leaned over and brushed his lips against mine. Normally, his kisses would make me feel more relaxed and at ease, but this time, they didn’t. It only made me more nervous and upset over everything that had happened today. 
He noticed my strange mood and pulled back with a frown. 
“Hey,” he said softly, brushing my hair out of my face and behind my ear. His fingers lingered on my cheek for a moment longer than usual. “What happened?” 
“Am I that transparent?” 
“Only to me…” he murmured. “Are you blocking me from your emotions? I hadn’t been able to feel today.” 
you much 
Now that he mentioned it, I hadn’t even noticed that I’ve been blocking him for most of today. I guess my wolf didn’t want her mate to know that we were struggling. She wanted him to think that we can handle things. 
I wasn’t sure how to answer him. 
“I have to tell you something, and I’m not entirely sure where to begin,” I tell him, nibbling on the corner of my mouth. 
“How about the beginning?” He suggested. “You can start from when you visited your parents. What did they tell you?” 
I told him the story my parents told me, and finalized it with, “I can’t believe my birth mom would just give me up like that.” 
“Maybe she had good reason,” Gavin said. 
“What reason could you justify for giving up your own baby?” I asked, narrowing my eyes. “I couldn’t even think to do such a thing.” 
“Your situation isn’t like hers,” Gavin told me. “I know you would do anything you can to protect this baby… as would I. Maybe that’s all she was trying to do… protect you. We don’t exactly know the situation she was in, so we can’t really judge her for her choices. She chose your parents because she trusted them, and you grew up in a loving home.” 
“What could scare her so badly that she would give me away, though? Hide me?” I asked, shaking my head. ” What kind of family did she come from that she felt she needed to give me away to keep me from them?” 
He was quiet for a long while, and it gave me an eerie feeling as I glanced over at him. 
“What are you thinking about?” I asked. 
1/3 
“The Moon Gem,” he surprised me by saying. “You’re still having dreams about it, right? And you mentioned the Blackwells were there the night you were born.” 
I nodded. 
“Apparently, Lila was born the same day,” I murmured. “Or at least around that same timeframe. Why?” 
“I was thinking about something Levi had told me,” he explained, piquing my interest even more. “He said that the gem was back in the family it originated from… but the wrong person has it.” 
I raised my brows. 
“The wrong person? Doesn’t it belong to Lila? I thought it was contained with her magic.” 
“I thought so too, but apparently that wasn’t the case. It seemed like Levi knew more about that than he should. I’m not sure how he knew about it or why… but I think he might have more answers to your questions. It’s just a feeling I have.” 
“You think I should speak with him?” 
“I’m not saying that,” he said quickly. “I don’t trust him… like at all. But if he’s withholding information that could benefit you, I can get it out of him.” 
I nibbled on my lower lip for a bit as I thought about that. 
“Nan thinks I should see a Seer,” I tell him. “One that can tell me about my past and my family.” 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 807
Chapter 807 
“Seers are tricky,” he warned. “The payment for their services isn’t always worth it.” 
“We are going to find out if Erik can maybe hook us up with a good deal with the 
Seer that he went to.” 
Gavin raised his brows. 
“I wasn’t aware he went to one,” Gavin said, glancing at me briefly before returning to the road. “For what reason did he go and see one?” 
This was it… the moment I told him the full truth. And I did. I told him everything that Erik had told me about Irene and about the siren. By the time we reached the Villa, Gavin was a ball of fury. His face was red, and he looked like he was trying hard not to lose control of himself or his wolf. 
“I didn’t think Sirens were around anymore,” he murmured. “They were supposed to be extinct.” 
“Well, a Seer told Erik otherwise, and he’s convinced Chuck is a siren who has Irene under his spell. The thing is, I’m not exactly sure what Chuck wants and why he’s using Irene to get it.” 
“I’ll find out,” Gavin assured me. “But in the meantime, the only way to break the siren’s spell is no contact. It could take months, but as long as Irene has zero contact with him, and I mean no texts or phone calls, then the impact of the siren’s spell will diminish. More contact with her true mate might help as well. I know Irene doesn’t want anything to do with Erik right now, but he needs to remain persistent and stick by her even if she pushes him away. The more their wolves are together, the better it’ll be. Pretty soon, her wolf will recognize his.” 
“So, you won’t kill him?” I asked, raising my brows. 
He glanced at me as he parked the car in his spot. 
“Why would I kill him?” 
“Because he’s fawning over your daughter. She was upset with him earlier because he wouldn’t leave her alone about being true mates. He was worried about you knowing about it,” I admitted. 
He let out a bark of laughter. 
“If there’s anyone I trust with my daughter, it’s Erik. I’ll reassign him and make sure he’s on Irene duty going forward. That way it’ll be his actual job to stand by her and protect her, even if she denies him,” Gavin said, reaching out to grab a hold of my hand. “I’m glad you told me. I need you to keep me in the loop and trust that I’ll always be here to help you.” 
I couldn’t help but smile at him, though I knew it didn’t reach my eyes. I still hadn’t heard about what the she- wolves at the packhouse were saying about me, but then again, I really didn’t want him knowing something as simple as that could make me crack under pressure. 
I leaned in and kissed his lips deeply, feeling his heart pounding against mine as he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me closer to him. I let out a moan into his mouth just before pulling back, breathless. 
1/3 
“I’m starving, let’s eat pizza,” I tell him. 
We brought the pizza into the villa; Matt greeted us eagerly, explaining how hungry he was. Irene didn’t want to leave her room, so it was only the three of us eating in the dining hall. When we finished, I put a couple of slices on a plate and grabbed a Diet Coke from the fridge. 
“I’m going to bring Irene some food,” I told them. “Then I’ll come down and help Matt with his homework.” 
“I’ll get started,” Matt said, going towards the back parlor. 
I headed upstairs and paused outside Irene’s room for a moment. After a breath, I knocked on the door. There was no response, so I knocked again. Once again, no response. Without much thought, I jiggled the handle, glad to see that it was unlocked, and I pushed the door open. 
2/3 
Joseph King
###We Built a Kingdom From Ashes That Still Remembered Love by Aila Frost 808
Chapter 808 
Irene sat on her bed; her face buried in her phone, and her body trembling. 
“Hey,” I said, stepping into the room and shutting the door behind me. “I brought you pizza.” 
She glanced up at me with a frown before looking back down at her phone. 
“I’m not hungry,” she murmured. “Yeah, but you should eat something,” I tell her. “I know you’ve had a long day and you weren’t expecting Erik to bombard you like that, but you need to keep up your strength.” 
“Erik is such an asshole for what he did,” he muttered. 
“Maybe he’s an asshole for how he went about it,” I admitted. “But his heart was in the right place. He cares about you, Irene.” 
“He lied to me.” 
“Or maybe he didn’t. Did you stop and think maybe he’s telling the truth? That Chuck isn’t who he says he is? I mean, what kind of mate cheats like that?” 
“Ethan cheated on you,” Irene reminded me, making me flinch. 
“Yes, and then your father saved me. Maybe Erik is the one who’s going to save you,” I told her, glad that my voice didn’t falter. 
She rolled her eyes. 
“Doubtful. He’s just another guy wanting to play with my heart, and I’m not going through that again,” she muttered, her voice was bitter and unlike herself. It made me shiver. 
“Have you spoken to Chuck since everything went down?” I found myself asking. 
She shook her head. 
“No,” she muttered. “But I think about texting him all the time. I hate that he hasn’t called to explain things to me.” 
I wasn’t sur what there was to explain, but I bit back my words. 
“Has Chuck ever asked you for anything?” I asked, changing the subject drastically, and it made her blink. 
“Like what?” 
“I don’t know… anything,” I said with a shrug. “Money, jewels… anything you might have given him?” 
“I don’t think so,” she said, getting lost in thought for a moment before shaking her head. “What’s with the questions?” 
“No reason,” I said, forcing a light laugh. “I was just wondering.” 
“What’s up with you? You seem off, too.” 
1/3 
I decided against telling her the situation with my family because I wasn’t sur where her head was at, but I did tell her about the she-wolves at the packhouse. Her eyes grew wide. 
“You should tell my father. He won’t stand for that. They’re slandering their future, Luna… his mate,” she said, folding her arms across her chest. “I bet it was Liv and her stupid posse.” 
“It was,” I said, unsurprised that she knew that without me saying it. 
Irene scoffed. 
“Figures,” she muttered. “I used to be a part of that posse before I realized they didn’t actually like me.” 
“I’m not exactly sure what to do if they protest,” I admit. “Gavin will think I’m incapable.” 
“My father would never think that. But if you’re worried, I could help you.” 
I raised my brows. 
“Help me how?” 
“I mean, I have been training my entire life to be a proper Luna, and I know this world better than anyone. I can help you… train you… turn you into a Luna.” 
“You’d do that?” I asked. “Why?” 
She shrugged. 
“Despite everything, you’re still my friend. Plus, I could use a distraction,” she told me. She held out her hand with a sly grin. “Do we have a deal. Help me with my distraction and getting my mind off of all this shit… and I’ll help you be the best Luna you can be.” 
I thought about it for a moment before I took her hand; if anything, I can maybe convince her to open up to me 
more. 
“Okay,” I relented. “You have a deal.” 
2/3 
Joseph King
###Chapter 809
Judy's POV
The last thing I remembered was that I had fallen asleep on Gavin's chest. I didn't tell him about those she- wolves and the nasty things they were saying, and I didn't tell him that I had gone to Irene about it, and she offered to give me etiquette lessons. I already knew what he would say about that.
He would tell me that it's not necessary and that I was perfect the way that I am. I know he would mean well, and it might make me smile in the moment, but I also knew that it wasn't entirely the truth. I was expected to be the Luna of the biggest and most powerful pack in the world. I needed to make some profound changes, and plus, with everything going on in our lives, Irene with her mate dilemma, and me with these strange dreams and feelings I've been having, we've both needed a distraction.
I woke up to the sound of someone knocking like they're trying to drill a hole through the door. When I opened my eyes, I was alone in bed. Gavin told me last night that he had to leave early for a meeting this morning and most likely wouldn't see me. But he'll be home tonight, and perhaps we could go to dinner in the city.
Even still, I hated waking up alone, and my heart ached with the need for my mate.
"Time to get up, Sunshine," Irene calls, the knocking continuing even louder now.
I groggily glance at the clock, internally groaning. It wasn't even 9 am yet.
“For what?” I murmur as I sit up. "Nap practice?"
“Etiquette,” she said, swinging the door open even though I didn't invite her to do so. The moment I saw her standing at the doorway, hands on her hips, my eyes widened at her appearance.
I could have screamed with joy when I saw how put-together she looked. It was almost like she was reverted to her old self, and standing in front of me was just Irene. She wore a cream blouse, sleek black trousers, and heels sharp enough to cut feelings. Her makeup was perfect, and her hair was tied in a low, yet neat, ponytail that fell down her back.
I slid out of bed as Irene rummaged through my closet and dressers, trying to find something proper to wear. "Why are you dressed like a board meeting?” I mumbled, pushing my hair into a bun that is, frankly, a cry for help. “And why am I suddenly being punished?”
“Because you need the help and I need the distraction," she said with a shrug. "We're doing Luna lessons before Liv can say another word out of her stupid mouth."
I knew she was right. I couldn't let these she-wolves get the best of me, and if she was earnest about protesting against me being the Luna, I needed to act fast before others decided to join her.
Irene tossed me a soft, navy dress and a pair of nude flats. When she looked at me, her smile dropped, and her mouth hung open slightly.
"Ew, take your hair out of that messy bun," she said, shaking her head. "That will never do."
I frown, but I do what she says and take my hair out of its messy bun. Streaks of dark hair fell over my shoulders, and I felt messier than I had a moment ago.
"I'll put your hair in a low bun once you're done putting that outfit on.
I'm giving you flats because we
aren't going to torture your feetmet
day one. While you're in the, bathroom, I'll search for stud earrings and a simple necklace. You're going for capable and approachable." 
“Copy,” I said as I made my way towards the bathroom.
"Take a shower!" She called after me.
I couldn't help but roll my eyes, but I had a smile on my face. She was acting like her old self, and if this is what brought that back out of her, then I wasn't going to complain about a thing.
By the time I showered and dressed, Irene had everything we needed laid out on the bed. She smiled when she saw me wearing exactly what she picked out.
“You look perfect,” she said with bright eyes. “Now let me do your hair and makeup, and we will head out.” Where are we going?" I asked as I sat in the chair she set out for me.
As she fiddled with my hair, she answered, “To the packhouse. We are going to use the ballroom for your lessons."
My chest tightened at the thought of going back to the packhouse, where Liv and her friends are gossiping about me and probably getting everybody else to hate me as well. But frene seemed determined, and I wasn't going to deny her anything when she was literally a ticking time bomb. 
When she was done doing my hair and makeup, I looked like a different person I somehow looked older... like my mother... or Miranda Cash. grimaced at the thought of looking like that woman, Ethan's mother. 
###Chapter 810
"You truly do look like a luna now," Irene said as she stepped back to take a look at her handiwork. "A true future Luna in the making."
“A future Luna who hasn't had a proper cup of coffee in months," I murmured.
She grinned.
"Which is why I made a call to the kitchen to have a fresh pot brewed before we leave."
"You're literally the best. Maybe I should be marrying you," I teased as we headed out of the room.
She let out a soft laugh, and it felt good to hear her laugh.
"Don't get too excited. It's decaf with a little bit of caffeinated because Eliza said a bit of caffeine won't hurt," she chuckled.
"It's better than nothing. I could still marry you."
"Yeah, too bad you're marrying my dad," she teased back. “Honestly, I'd probably have better luck with you than I do with any of the other guys in my life.”
I knew she was joking, but I could hear the lingering sadness in her voice. It made my chest feel tight; she was in a difficult place with the men in her life, and I wanted to make things better for her.
"Do you want to talk about it?" I asked, treading the subject lightly.
"Right now? Absolutely not."
We reached the kitchen, and the staff was already putting out mugs, cream, and sweetener.
“Good morning, Miss Irene,” one of them said, smiling at Irene with affection.
"Good morning," Irene said in response as she grabbed the pot of coffee and poured two cups. She turned to me. “First order of business, learn to sip your coffee like a lady properly."
She caught me before the mug was halfway to my lips.
"Excuse me?" I asked, raising my brows.
"You can't just chug it like a commoner," she said, rolling her eyes. "There's a proper way to sip a hot beverage so you don't look like a slob in front of packmates.”
"We aren't in the 1800s, Irene," I laughed. "Nobody cares about that kind of thing."
She narrowed her eyes.
“Trust me, everything you do, they care about.”
“Okay, well, let's start our lessons once we get to the ballroom. For right now, I want to enjoy my coffee in peace."
She sighed, but didn't argue.
"Suit yourself."
I watched as she gingerly blew on the steam from her cup and then brought the cup to her lips, sipping it slowly. I tried and failed to mimic her movements, but once I got my first taste of coffee, l'pretty much
chugged the rest of it like it was
water. 
FindNovel.net
I could hear the light laughter from the kitchen staff along with Irene's deep sigh from behind me, but I really didn't care. I just smiled and enjoyed my coffee.
The packhouse ballroom looked like a magazine spread; high ceilings, huge windows, two crystal chandeliers, plush floors, you could see yourself in.
I've only been here a couple of times, but Irene said she practically lived here growing up. She took a variety of dance classes and etiquette classes, in addition to attending all the balls hosted by the Landry family.
Thankfully, I didn't run into Liv or her friends, but I did see a few other packmates who eyed me carefully as I walked through the packhouse and stepped into the ballroom. Irene shut the doors behind us to ensure maximum privacy.
“Okay, so we are going to start simple,” she tells me as she walks to the center of the room. “Posture, greetings, and how to walk and talk properly."
"There's a way to walk properly?” I asked, suddenly questioning the way I've been walking my whole life.
"Oh, honey, there's a way to do everything properly," she told me with a sly grin.
After an hour r of walking around the ballroom like was practicing for the runway and greeting invisible people, I wanted to collapse in a chair and never move again. Who knew spending this time walking around a be be so
room the proper way wound a
exhausting? 
I was so caught up in my practice that I hadn't noticed the door of the ballroom opening or the clicking of heels against the marble floor. It was Irene's sharp intake of breath that drew my attention toward the door, and then my eyes widened at who just walked into the ballroom. 
“Sorry if I'm interrupting. I was hoping to speak to Judy."
I had no words; I just stared at the woman in front of me, my body shaking and my breathing coming out in
short rasps.
"Is now a bad time?" She asked, staring between Irene and me.
Her name came out of my mouth before I could stop myself.
"Selene Blackwell..."
###Chapter 811
Judy's POV
Irene and I were both still; etiquette lessons were forgotten for the time being, and all either of us could focus on was Irene Blackwell. She was as beautiful as ever in her sleek black dress and her midnight black hair.
Irene was the first one out of her stupor; she blinked and then smiled up at Selene before taking a step in front of me like she was trying to shield Selene from me.
“We were in the middle of our etiquette lessons," Irene told her, trying hard not to sound rude, but a twinge of it escaped her tone anyway.
"I don't mean to interrupt," Selene said softly. "Perhaps I could offer you some assistance."
"I think we have it handled," Irene said sharply. "Is there something we can do for you, Mrs. Blackwell?"
"I was actually hoping to speak with Judy," Selene said again, her eyes shifting to meet mine. "If you'll just give me a few minutes of your time."
“Anything you have to say to Judy, you can say it in front of me, too,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest.
“Irene—” I start, but Selene beats me to it.
"It concerns a dream that I had last night,” she said, her eyes leveling with mine, and a knowing glint was hidden in them.
A dream.
I felt frozen in my place as I stared back at her; could she mean that she's been having the same dreams that I had? Or were they something different?
“A dream?” Irene scoffed, rolling her eyes. "You're interrupting our lessons because you had a dream?”
“I assure you, I wouldn't interrupt if it weren't important.”
“Look, Mrs. Blackwell, that's great and all. But Judy has limited time to prepare for her Luna ceremony. It's only a couple of months away, along with her wedding. If we don't get this down, some of the nasty she- wolves are going to make things very difficult for her and maybe even prevent her from becoming the Luna."
"Doesn't your father get the final say?" Selene asked, raising her perfectly trimmed brows.
“He does, of course,” Irene agreed.
"But if the entirety of the pack
protests their new Luna, it'll be out of his hands at that point. There would be nothing for him to do in that case. He can't force them to support her, or he'll have nobody left. We need t make sure that doesn't happen."
I knew she was coming from a place of love, but I needed to speak to Selene about the dream she had.
"How about this..." Selene started. "I'll help you prepare her.”
Irene frowned.
"You'll help us?" She asked. "Do you not think I'm capable? I've been training my whole life for etiquette...”
"I find you more than capable,
darling Irene. But I am older and I
met
find myself to be wiser in the subject mean no disrespect. I'm sure you are plenty Quare
? capable ofe
teaching her etiquette, but I can
teach her more." 
"We are doing Luna training, and the last I checked, you are not a Luna.”
I sucked in a sharp breath at Irene's harsh words. I turned to her, my mouth hanging open. She sounded just like those mean girls earlier in the day..... Liv and her friends.
“Irene, you are being rude,” I said to her before I could stop myself. “There's no need to be so disrespectful.”
Irene scowled at me.
"I don't trust her,” she said through her teeth.
"That doesn't give you the right to be so rude," I told her.
"You are not my mother... You don't get to reprimand me like this,” she said, pressing her lips together.
Her words took me aback, but when
I saw the swirl of emotions and pain in her eyes, it made me calm down a bit. She was taking out her
frustrations and anger on her own situation, on me, and on Selene. This
situation, do with either of us
had nothing to
and everything to do with her heartbreak. She put a mask on earlier for my benefit, and maybe some of her own benefit as well, but in reality, she was just as broken as she had been these last few days. 
"How about you take a seat for a bit?" I told her, trying to keep my tone calm. "I'll have one of the maids bring
you some tea, and then we can continue our lessons. Okay?"
She stared at me, her eyes narrowed. She looked like she wanted to protest, but something on my face must have convinced her not to.
She let out a breath and then lowered herself into a nearby chair.
###Chapter 812
“Fine,” she finally relented.
I let my shoulders relax. I left the ballroom moments later and found a maid who was traveling to the kitchen. I politely introduced myself because I hadn't met this one yet, and I asked if she could bring tea to Miss Irene in the ballroom. She happily did as she was told, and I went back to the ballroom to find Selene standing a distance away from Irene, both of them refusing to look at one another.
Irene was still simmering in her own misery, and Selene looked as beautiful as ever.
“Okay,” I said as I approached them. “I'm going to speak with Selene now, and we won't be long," I told Irene. "Will you be okay here?"
"I'm not a child," Irene muttered.
"Then stop acting like one,” I said through my teeth, unable to help myself.
She flinched at my words but said nothing more as I walked with Selene out of the ballroom. Once we were at a safe distance from Irene and other wandering ears, Selene turned to me.
"Last night, I had a dream... and you were in it," she started to say, making my heart stutter in my chest. “I knew I had to come see you right away. I've learned from my past that I cannot ignore dreams. I come from a line of Seers, and in my family, dreams usually mean truth.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
"You dreamt of me?"
She nodded.
“You were standing under the full moon,” she said, steadily. “You wore a pendant that I recognized. Something that had been taken from our family long ago. The Moon Gem. It glowed on your chest like it knew you. You lifted your hands and light moved with them—like a tide. It wasn't wild but controlled. You were controlling it, and you weren't afraid. You looked brave and knowing."
My mouth goes dry. I tried to make no facial expression as I listened to her speak, but I'm afraid I failed miserably.
“In this dream," she continued. "Someone tried to take it—a shadow of a sort. The gem burned them. But it never burned you."
I force out a laugh, but it just sounds awkward and unnatural.
"That sounds cinematic. Did I at least look good?" I asked, giving my best attempt at humor.
“Yes,” she replied, not taking the bait. “You looked like yourself.”
We stand in silence for a moment longer; my mind a whirlwind of thoughts, and I wasn't even sure what to make of all of this. I had no idea where she was going with this, and whether it was something I needed to follow.
When Selene spoke again, her voice was soft and measured.
"Have you ever had dreams similar to that?"
I could lie... I probably should have, honestly. But something was telling me that she would be able to see through the lie as if it were a window.
“I've had..... strange dreams before... yes,” I admitted. "Esme...she's usually in them and in these dreams.... She speaks."
Selene blinked. She stared at me for a long while before she spoke.
"She used to speak all the time... that is...until my daughter was born. Right until her birth she spoke. Since leaving the hospital, she hadn't spoken a word. We were never sure what happened that day..." 
I opened my mouth to tell her that my father had seen a glimpse of Esme before leaving the hospital with me and my mother that day But something inside of me was telling me to keep quiet for right now. 
"I am glad I got the chance to speak with you, Judy," she tells me, her smile growing in the soft light. “I should be leaving now, though."
“Leaving?” I asked, my heart racing in my chest. "I thought you were going to help us with my lessons."
"Something tells me that Miss Irene
doesn't want me to stick around,"
she said, a glint of humor in her eyes. "But if you'd like to have some lessons with me, I'm more than happy to assist you. How about you come by the Blackwell Manor in the morning, and we can go from there. 
"The Blackwell manor?" I asked, my heart skipping a beat.
She nodded.
"Yes, is that a problem?"
Gavin would never allow me to go to the Blackwell Manor alone. But maybe it's something I should do..... I might be able to find out more information about these dreams and about why I'm having them.
I let out a breath, and I nodded.
“Okay, yeah,” I told her. “I would really like that. I'll see you tomorrow, Mrs. Blackwell."
She smiled.
"Please, call me Selene."
###Chapter 813
Judy's POV
Irene was still seated in the ballroom when I returned; only this time, she was sipping on her tea and looking much calmer. When she saw me, her expression softened a bit, and I could see the apology in her eyes.
"Where's Selene Blackwell?” She asked, glancing behind me at the doorway with a slight frown.
"She had to go," I told her with a shrug. "I let her off the hook."
Irene nodded, though she looked uncertain. I decided not to tell her about Selene's offer to teach me Etiquette on her own time tomorrow. I would have to come up with an excuse as to why I couldn't be here tomorrow, so Irene doesn't feel bad that I'm choosing to learn from someone else over her. It's not that I don't find her capable or that I don't trust her, but something tells me I need to go to the Blackwell manor tomorrow so I can find out the truth about what is going on.
I know that I will find the answers to questions I didn't even know I was asking.
She set her tea aside and stood up.
"I'm so sorry, Judy. I didn't mean to be rude earlier..."
I shook my head.
"It's okay, I understand," I told her quickly. "You're going through a lot."
"It's still no excuse," she said, nibbling on her lower lip. "It's just that... with everything going on—"
Before she could finish that sentence, I had her wrapped in a hug.
"Don't even worry about it, Irene," I told her softly, tightening my hold on her. "It's okay. I know you're hurting. I'm here if you want to talk about it."
She was quiet, and I could hear her body relaxing as I held her.
"Do you want to talk about it?" I asked her, pulling away so I could look her in the face.
I could see the tears swirling in her eyes, and it broke my heart completely.
"I just don't understand what's happening. Why do these guys think they can make such a fool out of me? Is it because I'm a Landry? Do they want money"
I hated that she was hurting like this, but I couldn't let her think that Erik was anything but genuine in his affections towards her.
"Sit down, and we can talk. I might be able to shed some light on you," I told her, motioning for her to sit at one of the tables. She sat down, and I sat down with her, my eyes remaining on her face. "Erik doesn't want anything other than you..... He's loved you for a long time, Irene.”
She shook her head.
"We were friends growing up, and then he was my bodyguard. He never loved me," she muttered.
"That's not true. He was so in love
with you that it hurt,' I told her, reaching out to grab her hands. "I know you might not believe that because he concealed it well. But it's the truth. He loved you but he knew he couldn't be with you just yet. He had a feeling a long time ago that you were his mate, but he didn't know for sure until he was 18 and got his wolf. And then when you turned 18..." 
“I didn't get my wolf,” she whispered; she stared down at our clasped hands, and I could feel her fingers
trembling beneath mine, making me hold them tighter.
“Exactly,” I explained. “And then you met Ethan, and you were obsessed with him. In your mind and heart, he was your chosen mate. Your affections with him ran so deep, and Erik was away at his college when you received your wolf. But at that point your welf loved Ethan so much that he was her chosen mate. She couldn't see anyone else other than Ethan. In your heart and mind... it was Ethan. He was it for you, and no one could tell you otherwise. You were pretty much crazy over him, so when Erik returned, you didn't see him as your mate." 
"Crazy is an understatement," Irene muttered.
I ignored her statement and continued.
"And when Ethan broke your heart, you were so gutted that you didn't want to see anything or anyone else. I went to the competition, and Erik was there as well, so he didn't really get to spend a lot of time with you after your breakup with Ethan And
then by the time he was able to see
you again, you were with Chuck." 
She let out a desperate laugh as she shook her head.
"I don't understand how Chuck got under my skin so cleverly... he's not my usual type,” she muttered. “But I
loved... I love him so much."
My heart broke at her words.
"It wasn't real," I said softly.
She rolled her tear-filled eyes.
"That's what Erik said, too, but I truly did love Chuck. How could he tell me it wasn't real?”
###Chapter 814
“Because Chuck is a siren," I told her gently. “He made you believe that he was your mate. He made you fall in love with him.”
She let out a breath.
"What? Sirens are still around?"
I nodded.
“Apparently, yeah. And Chuck is one of them. He made you fall in love with him... we aren't entirely sure why, but your father is going to figure it out."
“Wait, my dad knows about this?" She asked, her eyes wide with horror. “How long have you all known" "A couple of days," I admitted. "We've tried to tell you, but you didn't want to hear us. Erik has tired more than any of us, though, and you shut him out completely."
"How do you even know it's the truth?" She asked. 'How do you know he's a siren?"
“Erik went to see a Seer who pretty much told him. It's the only thing that really makes sense. Only that sirens are usually after something specific, and when they get it or realize they can't get it from their target, they drop them. Being dropped by a siren is devastating for the victim, and you'll feel the heartbreak 10x worse than you normally would. It's as bad a broken mate bond..."
She sat silently for a long while, processing all I was telling her. I was relieved that she was finally letting me tell her the entire story because it was something she needed to hear. I wanted her to understand that Erik was not the villain in her story and that he had tried to save her.
"Erik was telling me the truth, 'she said in a whisper; it wasn't a question, just an observation.
I nodded slowly.
"He would never lie to you, and he wouldn't hurt you like the others had, Irene.....”
She let out a breath before her eyes finally met mine.
"How about we continue our lessons for today, and then we can continue them tomorrow?" She suggested. "I need to get off this subject before I lose my mind even more than I already have."
I nodded, but then my chest tightened slightly.
"About tomorrow, do you think we can skip it?" I asked. “I just remembered I have an appointment with Eliza tomorrow that I can't miss."
It was a lie, and I hated myself for it. I made a mental reminder to make an appointment tomorrow with Eliza so I don't feel like a complete ass.
She nodded.
"Yeah, of course,” she said without batting an eye. “Day after tomorrow it is then."
I smiled gratefully at her.
We continued our lessons as usual, and by the time it was over, we were both exhausted. As we were leaving the packhouse, Gavin appeared at the entrance with a frown.
"There you are," he said, his brows raised. "I went home but didn't see you. The staff said you left this morning and hadn't been back. I was worried."
“Sorry,” I said as I stood on my toes to kiss him. “Irene and I spent the day at the packhouse.”
He wrapped me in his arms, holding me close to his chest.
"I'm glad you two are spending time together," he murmured against my lips. "Was everything okay today?"
I nodded.
"Yeah, why do you ask?"
“I could feel your variety of emotions,” he admitted.
My heart stopped in my chest; how
could I have forgotten that he could I feel my emotions? I wasn't going be able to hide my, whereabouts from him tomorrow, and if I blocked my feelings from him, he would find me, and it would start an argument. I was going to have to tell him the truth. 
"I have to tell you something... but not here," I tell him.
He nodded and glanced around; some packmates were walking by, their eyes, judgmental as ever, е lingering anime for a little bit too long, and I felt my cheeks flushing. I'm sure Liv probably spoke to them already, and now I have even more people rooting against me. 
I doubted Gavin noticed, though.
Irene was already gone, probably to gather her thoughts about all we had discussed. Gavin took hold of my hand entwining his fingers with mine, and he pulled me out of the packhouse and into his car. m relieved to see that he drove himself because I want to be alone with him.
“Okay, tell me what's going on," he said as he started away from the packhouse and towards the villa.
"I don't want you to be mad," I said to him, biting my lower lip. “But tomorrow... I'm going to the Blackwell Manor..."
"You're what" He asked, quickly pulling over and putting the car in park so he could glare at me. "Why would you do that"
I let out a breath and finally told him what had been weighing on my mind, something I wasn't even sure of myself, but saying it out loud almost felt right.
“Because I think the Blackwells might be connected to my family... my real family.”
###Chapter 815
Gavin's POV
It felt like somebody slid a blade through my ribs the moment Judy told me she was going back to the Blackwell manor. My wolf was immediately growling in my mind's eye... his protective instinct activated. "There's no way I'm letting my mate go back to that manor, Judy," I said, the finality in my tone leaving no room for arguments, though I should have known she would have tried anyways.
“I have to find answers, Gavin,” she told me, her eyes pleading with me to understand. “If I don't..... I might never find out the truth about my family."
"What makes you think that they have answers to your questions? Why do you think they know anything about your family?"
“Because Selene came to me today and told me about a dream she had," Judy blurted, her eyes fixed on mine.
My blood went cold.
"Selene Blackwell was here? At my packhouse? On my property"
She all but rolled her eyes.
“Does that seriously surprise you? She's a Blackwell; they play by their own rules. You, out of everyone, should know that," she tells me, and I knew she was right.
They had been quiet for a long time, but I knew they truly did not play by the same rules as everyone else. "Why was she here?" I asked, my eyes narrowed.
“She told me she had a dream about me and she needed me to know about it,” she explained. “It was something about me wearing the Moon Gem and how someone... a shadow... tried to take it, but it burned them. I need to find out more... because I have a feeling her dream is somehow connected to mine."
I let that process for a moment.
“What more can you find out that she hadn't already told you? Why must you go to their manor tomorrow?”
She nibbled on her lower lip, and she looked away from me. I was instantly on high alert from her sudden distance. I stepped in front of her again, catching her eyes.
"Judy, tell me what's going on. I can feel that there's more to this story. Something else is wrong."
She let out a breath before her eyes met mine.
"There is something wrong," she told me softly. "I want to take Luna lessons..."
I blinked, confused by her statement.
"What?"
"Some of the she-wolves around the pack have been talking about how I won't make a good luna, and I told Irene about it. That's why we are here... Irene was teaching me some lessons."
I stared at her, dumbfounded, and for the first time since arriving at the packhouse, I finally noticed what she was wearing. She looked like a proper businesswoman, and my eyes grew wide.
“Who has been talking about you?” I asked, my mind racing.
"Please don't make me say..." she all but pleaded. "I don't want or need anyone to get in trouble over this. It's just something I need to deal with. I'm going ot be their Luna and they are worried about my capabilities.....”
"Then I'll put a stop to their worries," I said through my teeth. "Tell me who they are."
"Please, Gavin..." she said, her hand
reaching out to touch my arm. "I don't want there to be any problems. Let me deal with this myself.
Besides, they are right. I'm not qualified to be a Luna. I never
thought I'd be ong, so I was never a or trained for it. Ethan, my former mate, was a Beta, and I knew he wanted to be an Alpha one day, but I never really thought he'd ever be one. I was trained as a gamma, and that's what I always set my mind on. This whole Luna thing is new to me, and everyone around here can see that. There's no harm in learning a thing or two." 
"You don't need to wear pearls to be a good Luna, Judy," I told her, staring at her jewelry and then down at her business-like attire. "You are perfect the way you are, and if they can't see that—”
"I love that you think so," she said
quickly, cutting off my words. "But if you are the Alpha of the largest pack and the strongest Lycan in the world need to step up my game for you and for this pack I want to be the best. Again, there's no harm in some lessons. Not to mention it's a good distraction for Irene. We both could use the distraction." 
I let out a breath as I tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
“Okay..." I finally relented. "If you feel like you need to take these lessons, then I won't stop you."
She gave me a relieved smile, her shoulders dropping slightly.
“And tomorrow, I'm going to the Blackwell manor. I need to find out more information. Plus, Selene told me she can help me with my Luna lessons."
I frowned, not liking the idea of her going to the Blackwell manor, but I knew from the look in her eyes that there was no stopping her. She was my stubborn little mate, and once she had her mind set on something, there was no changing it. That was part of what I loved so much about her. 
###Chapter 816
"You don't step foot on Blackwell property without me," I told her with finality.
"Then come with me," she said without hesitation. “I'd feel better if you were there anyway."
“Okay,” I said with a nod. “We'll leave tomorrow for the manor, but the second I sense something is wrong... we leave."
Her smile grew wide, and she leaned over to kiss me deeply. I let her kiss linger, enjoying the taste of her a bit longer before pulling back.
By the way," she said, nibbling on her lower lip. “I might have told Irene that I had an appointment with Eliza tomorrow because I didn't want to tell her that I'm going ot see Selene. So, we'll have to make an appointment so I don't look like a liar."
The seriousness on her face was enough to make me laugh out loud.
The drive to the Blackwell estate felt longer than it was. The roads wound through the dense trees, mist curling low along the asphalt. Judys sat beside me, staring out he window, chewing on her lip like she was working through a hundred thoughts she wasn't ready to share.
It was mid-morning, the day after she told me about going to the manor. A part of me hoped she would have changed her mind by now, but I knew it was wishful thinking.
"You don't have to do this today," I found myself saying, hoping to convince her not to.
"Yes, I do," she said with a soft tone. "If I wait, I'll talk myself out of it."
I understood that kind of ear; the kind that grew teeth when ignored. But still, I hated this place. It gave me an eerie feeling that even I couldn't ignore.
I parked the car and we both got out at the same time, my eyes scanning the perimeter. The manor hadn't changed much since the last time I saw it-massive stone pillars, sprawling gardens that looked more like stage scenery than nature. The place screamed wealth, but underneath it, I could still smell the same rot of arrogance.
The door opened automatically as we neared; the butler stood tall and bowed his head in our direction. “Alpha Landry, Luna Landry."
Judy flushed at the title, but she didn't correct him. There was nothing to correct after all; she was going to be my Luna.
Just as we stepped into the manor, Selene Blackwell came into view.
“Judy, it's so good to see you. I'm glad you could make it,” she said, kissing each of Judy's cheeks lightly before pulling back. "I hope you are prepared for your lessons today. We have much to cover in such a short time."
Judy nodded and held up a small
bag she carried; it contained a dress and some heels. She didn't want to wear them for the drive because they were comfortable told her she I didn't need to dress a certain way if it wasn't comfortable, but she still insisted. 
"I'm excited to learn from you," Judy said politely. "I hope you don't mind that I brought Gavin with me."
Selene chuckled.
“Not at all,” she said, turning to look at me with a polite head nod. "I assumed you'd be coming anyway. Male wolves are very protective of their mates."
I nodded.
"I'm glad you understand."
Her smile widened before she turned to Judy.
"Let's head into the back parlor, and we can discuss today's lessons in detail," she suggested, looping her arm around Judy's.
They started to walk, and I followed after them, but I stopped when I heard my name.
“Gavin Landry, I'm glad to see you again so soon after our meeting,” Zachary said as he walked towards me. "Have you thought more about what I had said?"
“I'm afraid I'm not here for you. I've come to accompany my mate while she takes lessons from your wife," I told him, my eyes narrowed.
"Oh, of course," Zachary said with a
light laugh. "Selene did tell me about
these lessons today. I must apologize for my wife intruding on your territory yesterday. It wasn't → discussed with me."
.net
He gave Selene a pointed look, and she just shrugged.
“It's okay,” I said, meaning it.
“Do you have a few minutes to talk though? I want to say a few more things that I didn't get a chance to during our last meeting."
I frowned and looked over at Judy, who was watching me; she gave me a small smile.
“I'll be fine for a few minutes,” she told me. “Honestly, it's okay. Go ahead.”
I stared at her for a moment longer
before I nodded; I didn't want to
leave her alone in the hands of Selene Blackwell, but I trusted Judy, and knew she could take care of herself in the next few minutes if it came down to it. Plus, I was
intrigued about what more Zachary had to say. 
###Chapter 817
Judy's POV
I watched Gavin walk away with Zachary, and even though I told him I was going to be okay and that it was fine for him to leave for a few minutes, a part of me wanted to pull him back. My wolf didn't like being away from our mate in this strange place, even though I still felt a strange pull to this manor, like there were secrets here waiting for me to uncover them.
The problem was, I wanted to uncover them with Gavin, not away from him.
I told myself it would only be a little while, and I needed to keep breathing. I couldn't be afraid of what was to come if I was expecting to be a brave Luna.
“Judy?” Selene said, drawing my attention to her. “Are you coming?”
I nodded, swallowing the lump I had in my throat.
Selene led me into a smaller parlor off the main hall, sunlight spilling through tall windows and catching the dust like glitter.
"This is where we will start,” she said. "We are going to focus on posture and stance for right now. Later, we will practice dining and proper conversation starters. We'll even learn questions and answers because trust me, as a Luna, your packmates will be asking you a ton of questions, and they expect proper answers." “Should I change clothes?" I asked, staring down at my oversized t-shirt and jeans, the only things that truly fit me comfortably now that I have a baby bump. I brought a dress with some heels, though they were comfortable and made me feel even fatter than I was.
"That's not necessary,” she told me with a small smile. “You're pregnant and your body is constantly changing. It's a delicate time, and your packmates will understand why you aren't dressing up 24/7. There's much more to being a Luna than what you're wearing."
My cheeks flushed.
"That's what Gavin said too," I told her.
She smiled.
“He's a very wise Alpha," she said. “You're lucky to have him as a mate. Now let's get started. You'll find posture and tone are just as powerful as command."
She made it sound easy, like being Luna was learning to stand straight and not trip over your own feet.
I mirrored her stance, trying not to think about it. I relaxed my hands, kept my shoulders back, and my chin up. She reached over and adjusted my stance slightly, lowering my chin slightly because, apparently, it was too high.
"Good," Selene said softly, circling me. "Grace isn't about control, it's about awareness. You don't dominate the space, you move with it."
Her voice was smooth, but I couldn't focus. The air in this manor buzzed,
ele
faint and low, like a whisper I couldn't catch. Every few seconds grew stronger, like a soft hum
beneath my skin, pulsing in sync
with my heartbeat. 
I shook it off and straightened again.
"Like this?"
Selene's eyes lingered on me for a moment too long before she nodded.
"You seem distracted," she commented.
"I'm fine," I said a bit too quickly.
"Are you sure?"
Her gaze was sharp and assessing. She could tell something was off; I must have been way too transparent. “Yes,” I told her. I think I'm just a bit tired. I don't think I slept as well as I thought.”
She nodded and then clapped her hands; much to my surprise, a couple of maids ran into the room on command.
"Can one of you grab Miss Judy a glass of water?" Selene asked without even looking at them; her eyes remained on me.
“Right away, Ma'am,” they both said in unison before trotting off.
I blinked after them and looked back up at Selene, who only gave me a narrowed-eyed look. She commanded
so much attention and power that it almost brought me to my knees.
It didn't take long for one of the maids to return with a glass of water for me. I politely thanked her before taking a sip. Selene watched me curiously, her mouth pressed together and I felt like I was onder her scrutiny The pulse of the manor seemed to knock me off my feet because suddenly, Selene was by my side, ushering me into a nearby chair. 
"Sit down,” she told me. "Do I need to get the doctor?" She asked.
I shook my head quickly.
"No, it's okay told her, my eyes shifting from her to the doorway. I felt a strange sensation when my eyes locked onto the door, and suddenly, my wolf was itching to leave this room. She didn't want to leave the manor, just the room. The tug was so strong and took me by so much surprise that I nearly shifted on the spot. I had to bite back a low growl to keep my wolf from taking control. 
###Chapter 818
It was something that had never happened before; I had never lost control of my wolf before, and I wasn't sure what that meant.
"Judy?" Selene said my name as if it weren't the first time she had said it in the past few seconds.
I blinked at her, realizing that I was ignoring her completely.
“I'm sorry. May I use your restroom?” I asked her before I could convince myself that it was a bad idea to leave this room.
She nodded, her frown deepening.
"Of course. It's just out of that door and down the hallway," she said. "Do you want me to walk with you?"
I jumped to my feet, placing the cup on the coffee table.
"No, that's okay. I can find it. I'll be back."
Without another word, I darted out of the parlor, my heart racing in my chest. The halls stretched endlessly, lined with paintings that looked too alive. Every shadow felt like it was watching me. The floorboards creaked under my feet, making stealth impossible.
Halfway down the corridor, my vision fuzzed. The air felt thicker than it was a moment ago... heavier. I braced my hand against the wall and swallowed hard.
"Something's wrong..." I whispered to myself, hoping that Gavin didn't feel what I was feeling.
The hum grew louder. It wasn't sound... it was vibration, like a heartbeat deep in the walls; my fingers tingled, a faint warmth spreading through them.
I pushed forward, rounding the corner, and ran smack into Lila Blackwell.
She froze mid-step, just as shocked as I was, almost dropping whatever it was she was holding in her arms in the process.
For a second, neither of us said a word. She was paler than I remembered, her blond hair pulled back too tightly, her eyes wide and restless. She clutched something wrapped in a small velveteen blanket to her chest, like she was hiding it... or protecting it.
“Lila?” I asked, momentarily boggled. "W...what are you doing here?"
She blinked, trying to recover herself.
“I live here,” she reminded me. “The question is... what are you doing here?"
“I... I'm here to see Selene.......” I admitted, not sure what to tell her and what to keep to myself.
"Why would you want to see my mother?” She asked, narrowing her eyes at me. “What business do you have with her?"
“She's giving me Luna lessons,” I decided to tell her. “That's all there is to it."
She frowned at me, staring around my face for a moment too long before she looked past me.
"I need to go,” she muttered. "Pretend you didn't see me."
She started to step around me, but
by instinct, stepped in front of me. I had no idea what I was doing, but my body
wouldn't let her leave at
least not th?t easily. The pulsing around me had stopped the second I came into contact with her, and I got the feeling that whatever it was my wolf and body were looking for, it had found it. 
My eyes shifted to the blanket she held in her arms; it was apparent that something was hidden beneath it and it took all of me not to grab the comer of the blanket and pull it away from her, to see what she was hiding. 
Noticing my gaze, she pulled the blanket closer, but light leaked through the fabric; it was a soft, silvery glow, faint at first then it
grow stronger. It used like heartbeat, steady and strong.
The light seemed so familiar, and I couldn't seem to look away from it.
"What is that?" I asked, my voice coming out unfamiliar. I think I already knew what it was, but I needed her to say it out loud.
"It's none of your business," she shot back. "It's mine."
The glow flared, blindingly bright for a heartbeat. Lila hissed, jerking the blanket tighter. Smoke curled up from the fabric, and the smell of singed velvet filled the air.
"Lila, you're burning—"
I tried to reach for the blanket again, but she ran around me before I could get the chance. “Don't touch it!” She said, her tone panicked. “Just leave me alone. Forget you saw anything.” Before I could stop her, she was already running away, disappearing around the corner. What the hell just happened?"
###Chapter 819
Gavin's POV
"Have you thought more about my offer?" Zachary asked as we stepped into his office.
He didn't bother with pleasantries; he was the kind of man who got straight to the point. He reminded me of my father in that aspect. I lost my father so long ago that I almost forgot what kind of man he was...I suppose I never really knew the kind of man he was. But Zachary reminded me of him, and I was still trying to decide if that was a good thing or a bad thing.
If I hadn't been around at that time, I wouldn't have believed that they were ever friends. But I do remember them being best friends at one point... I was close to Zachary's son, Noah. Then, one day, my father and Zachary stopped speaking to each other. All ties were severed between our families, and I wasn't allowed to hang out with Noah anymore.
"I have," I said, sitting in the chair in front of his desk. His office hadn't changed since I was here before. The same old wood, a heavy curtain, and shelves that screamed of wealth. "I guess I'm just a little confused about why you want this collaboration with the Landry Foundation so badly? You've been off the radar for some time now, and suddenly you've re-emerged with this whole plan.”
Zachary sat down at his desk chair and leaned back, his eyes never leaving my face.
"I understand your skepticism, and I don't blame you for it. Your father would have said the same thing, honestly. At one point, we were friends; your father and I. We're going to do this business together, until the day he betrayed me and my family."
"So, why would you want to go in headfirst with me?"
"You aren't your father," he remarked. "You wouldn't make the same mistakes that he did."
He was right about that; I would never do what my father had done. However, it still didn't make sense that Zachary wanted to merge our companies and become business partners. I would have never even thought of such a thing; we were two successful foundations, and though merging them could increase our revenue, expand our market, and offer a broader range of protection, I still wasn't sure why the sudden offer.
He was willing to go as far as to open their trading routes for my territory and pledge themselves under my rule. It went against everything the Blackwells were about, and I didn't understand why there was a sudden change in heart.
The Blackwells had a way of getting things, and everyone knew their trading routes were the best in thez world because of their connections and the deals that they made to get what they wanted. If there was
something we needed, the
Blackwells could get it. If they were to open their trading routes for the rest of my territory, it would make hay packs extremely happy, and they would never go without anything. Not that they were desperate for things, but it was hard to please everyone when our own trading routes were so limited. 
"You didn't answer my question," I said, narrowing my eyes at him from across his
desk. "Why do you want this so badly? What's in it for you?"
"Besides the same benefits as you?" He asked.
I nodded.
Zachary was quiet for a long moment, and I wasn't sure if he was going to answer.
But then he let out a breath, and I could see the defeat in his eyes.
"We've been off the radar for so long that my franchise is plummeting," he admitted. "I haven't told any of my people about it yet, and I was hoping to save face."
"And your people wouldn't mind pledging themselves to a territory? Doesn't that stand for everything they are against?"
Zachary sighed and ran his fingers through his hair; for once, the mask fell from his face, and I could see the vulnerability beneath it.
Zachary led a large group in his territory, which most people referred to as either the Dark Lands or the Shadow Region. Their whole thing was that they didn't want to be mailed by the council and live by pack rules. I found it hard to believe that they would willingly go along with this merger if they knew they'd be a part of my territory, under my leadership. 
"If they knew what we were up against... then they would be fine with it," Zachary said, his eyes finding mine. "We have enemies that are willing to do whatever it takes to take us down, and I'm afraid things are only going to get worse We aren't able to hide from the radar any longer, and I'm worried that our enemies will retaliate." 
"Are your enemies those we need to worry about?" I asked. "The last thing I need
is to put my territory in danger. As you might already know, we've had a stressful year, and my mate is pregnant."
"I believe with us combined, my enemies won't be a problem," he said, folding his hands in front of him and leaning forward. "I wouldn't put your mate in danger just like I wouldn't put my family in danger."
###Chapter 820
"What exactly are your enemies after?"
Zachary let out a breath.
"Let's just say your father wasn't the only one who wanted the Moon Gem," he replied. "The gem held the powers of our daughter, Lila. When she was born, she was born with more power than any of us combined. A Seer had told us that her power would be both her greatest weakness and strength. However, it was too much for her infant body to handle, so she put her magic in the Moon Gem. We were going to give it to her once she turned 18 and could handle that kind of power..."
"But it was stolen before you got the chance," I finished the story for him.
Zachary nodded.
"Word about this kind of power got out fast; it caused enemies to form all over, and we couldn't trust many outsiders. Your father made it clear that even your closest friends couldn't be trusted. That was why we went off the radar. We spent all this time in hiding, protecting ourselves the best we could. But now that we have the gem back and it's in our daughter's custody again, we don't need to be in hiding anymore."
Now it was my turn to nod.
"I'll have to speak with my Beta and with my mate. I won't make any decisions until I get them both on board," I told him, my eyes narrowed.
"You're very honorable," Zachary stated with a faint smile on his lips. "I was right when I said you were nothing like your father."
"My father was greedy and would do anything for power and money," I told him honestly. "I would do anything for my family and for my territory."
Zachary nodded.
"Which is why I'd like to do this collab with you above anyone else," he said. "I could have gone to a different Lycan, but I chose you for that reason. Who your father was has nothing to do with this and everything to do with who you are as a man."
Talking to Zachary made me realize that maybe I was wrong about him and his family. Maybe he could be trusted; I wasn't detecting any lies from him, and honestly, it was kind of nice having someone as old as my father complimenting me in such a way...like a father figure of a sort. Which was insane for me to admit because I was a 39-year-old man...I shouldn't be having daddy issues this late in life.
But my own father never complimented me; it was as if I could never do anything right in his eyes. Hearing that Zachary Blackwell sees and appreciates me gives me a good feeling.
"I appreciate that," I finally said after a long pause. I put my hands on my knees and pushed myself to my feet. "I should get back to Judy. I don't want to leave her alone for too long."
Zachary also stood, his eyes warm with understanding.
"Of course, I wouldn't want to keep you from her," he said, holding out his hand for me to shake. "You'll keep in touch, though, right? And give me a decision soon?"
I clasped my hand in his and nodded.
"Yes, I'll be in touch," I told him. "Now that I have more information and you aren't being as cryptic, I don't see why this collab wouldn't work. Let me talk to my family, and I'll let you know."
He smiled.
"That's all I ask for," he said.
With that, I turned and left his office. I traveled down the long hallway and rounded the corner. I didn't need to know the layout of this place to know where Judy was; I had her scent and my wolf's instincts. Both my wolf and I could track her just about anywhere. 
Just as I went around another corner, I heard some distinct voices.
I'm not sure what made me want to follow the voices, but my feet had mind of their own, and before I knew it, I was standing outside of @room that had its door open slightly. Cóntent 
"It burns me..." a woman said. "I don't know what to do."
"How long has it been glowing like that?" Another, more familiar voice asked.
"For the last 30 minutes... it started right after I ran into... her."
"Judy?"
"Yes," this time her voice came out as a hiss.
I furrowed my
brows at the mention
of Judy's name and the venom in their voices when speaking about her. It made me inch closer, peering my head through the opening to see who was speaking, my hear early stopped in my chest.
Lila and Daisy?
What the hell were they doing together?
"I ran into her earlier," Lila continued. "And ever since then, this damn thing hadn't stopped glowing, and then it burned me. It won't let me touch it. Even through the cloth."
My eyes narrowed when I spotted what they were talking about.
Sitting on the table between them was the Moon Gem, and as Lila had said... it was glowing!
###Chapter 821
Judy's POV
Selene corrected my shoulders for the fourth time.
"Head up, but don't be too proud," she said, moving my chin with two fingers. "You must demand the space. You don't ask for it. Your packmates cannot see you weak."
I did as she said, though I felt uncomfortable. Her practice felt outdated; I wasn't sure how well the pack would handle me "demanding" space. But Selene seemed like she knew what she was talking about, which was strange to me because technically she wasn't a Luna. Sure, her mate had Alpha and Lycan blood, but they turned their backs on the system years ago. They never wanted to be an Alpha and Luna, and they really didn't want to be overseen by one.
Then again, Zachary and Selene did oversee a small group who also turned their backs on the system and weren't stupid enough to become full rogues.
I tried to relax my jaw, but I failed. The parlors' polished floor reflected every awkward angle back at me. I'd been standing, sitting, walking, curtsying, and smiling for over an hour.
Did anyone even curtsy anymore?
I wanted to ask her, but Selene was intimidating, despite the familiar warmth I felt when I was around her. It was a strange feeling and something I've only ever felt when I'm around my family, but it was almost like my wolf trusted her and wanted to be around her even though she didn't know her that well.
My brain ached from the list of things that could apparently insult Alphas in three territories if I breathed wrong.
"Again," Selene said, crossing to the far side of the room. "Enter as if you're walking into a council dinner."
I walked. Shoulders back. Chin neutral. Steps even. I hit the center of the carpet and stopped, just as she had taught me: one foot slightly open, hands light at my sides. I waited... counted to five in my head. I tried not to think about the woman back home who wanted to protest me, tried not to think about Irene's silent battle with her mind and heart, and I tried not to focus too hard on the fact that my baby had been kicking nonstop since we arrived.
I stumbled when my eyes spotted something on one of the tables, and I couldn't seem to look away. It was a picture of a very tired-looking Selene, holding a small bundle wrapped in a pink blanket. I could only assume that bundle was Lila. I couldn't see the baby's face, but it was clear that she was bald.
Something my mother had told me a long time ago rang in my ears.
"When you came into our lives, you were a bald little thing. We had no idea what hair color you would have until you were at least a month old."
"Is something wrong?" Selene asked, bringing me back to the present moment. blinked a few times and looked over at her, seeing her frowning at me. Her eyes shifted from me and then to the picture that had caught my attention, ber expression softening for a moment. "That's a picture of me and Lila, a couple of days after she was born." 
"Were you still in the hospital?" I found myself asking; my mouth seemed to have a mind of its owne because my brain was screaming at me not to ask questions like that, and it wasn't any of my business. I didn't know her like that and
shouldn't be asking about her daughter's birth... the daughter who clearly hated me for whatever reason. 
"Yes," she said, almost thoughtfully. "There were some complications at birth that kept us in the hospital a little longer than planned."
"Complications?" I asked. "Were you okay?"
"Oh, yes... it wasn't me. It was Lila. It's strange because when she was born, she was as healthy as a horse. But then a day later, she was having breathing trouble. Turns out it was a heart condition. She decelerated so quickly. It was the scariest moment of my life."
My heart stuttered for a moment at her words. I found myself pressing the palm of my hand to my chest. I couldn't imagine what that must have been like.
"I'm so sorry,” I breathed. "I'm glad she ended up being okay."
As much as I really hated Lila, I was honestly glad she didn't die at birth. I liked
Selene, and she didn't deserve to lose her daughter like that.
"It didn't help that we weren't in our normal hospital," she said, shaking her head. "We were on our way home from a long trip that we taken when my water broke.
Zachary brought me to the close
hospital we could find, which ended up being in neutral territory, which was fine because Zachary had built his entire empire in neutral territory before we made it to the Blackwell Estates and named it our official property." 
"Her heart condition..." I started slowly. "Did it have anything to do with her power?"
Selene corked a brow at me, and for a moment, I feared I might have said too much. It wasn't really much of a secret anymore about Lila's birth, given gifts. Rumors were circulating throughout each territory about the Moon Gem and the powers it contained. I honestly didn't think they were keeping it a secret.
###Chapter 822
Then again, it did put a target on their back, so maybe I was wrong. Perhaps this was a secret that I had just spoken out loud.
"And what do you know about Lila's powers?" She asked; she didn't sound upset, more curious than anything.
"Pretty much what everyone else knows," I admitted. "Since you came out of hiding, rumors have been flying around the different territories."
"I'm afraid I'm still kind of out of the loop when it comes to different territories and pack gossip,” she admitted, a bit sheepishly. "I'm also not on social media, so pardon me for not knowing what rumors you speak of."
I swallowed the lump in my throat; I wasn't sure how the conversation turned into this, and I couldn't help but wonder if this was dangerous territory we were treading into.
"Well... uh..." I stammered, trying to gather my thoughts. "That she was born with so much power that her infant body couldn't handle it. That a Seer or a witch took her powers and put them in the Moon Gem."
Selene nodded, and she looked thoughtful as she went to the couch to sit down.
"A part of me blamed myself for her heart condition,” she admitted. "I thought that it stemmed from the fact that we took her powers. What would have happened if we had let her keep her powers? Would she have been okay? Or would the powers consume her little body? The witch told us that it was dire that we took away her powers, but we were never truly sure why."
"Who was this witch?" I found myself asking.
"Zachary's sister, Cora."
I blinked.
"Zachary has a sister?"
She nodded.
"She lives amongst the humans in a neutral territory," she admitted. "She was born without a wolf, though she has some wolf blood. She's more witch than anything, just like her mother."
"And she was the one who took Lila's power and put it in the Moon Gem?" Selene nodded.
"Yes," she replied. "She lives a couple of hours away from here, and we don't see her often. In fact, she tries to stay away from us for reasons I'm not entirely sure. I know Zachary misses his sister, though. They were close growing up, and then one day she chose to cut contact with him. It hurt him deeply."
The sad look on Selene's face tugged at my heart.
"I'm so sorry," I breathed.
She lifted one shoulder.
"It's her choice; there's not much we can do about it," she said, sighing softly. Her face grew serious for a moment as she met my eyes. "Look, Judy. I know we did a lot of posture control and mannerisms during your etiquette lessons. But there's much more to being a Luna than all of that. You have a big heart, full of love and life. You care about those around you, and to go through all of this... You clearly care about your pack. Not to mention your wit. As long as you have your mate, family, and friends by your side, you're going to be okay, Judy."
She put a hand on my shoulder, and I felt the comfort she was trying to give me. It warmed my heart and made a smile tug at the corner of my lips I went to respond to her, but the moment I parted my lips my wolls attention jerked elsewhere, and I suddenly felt him behind me, standing in the entryway. 
"Judy," Gavin said, his voice low and deep. "I think it's time that we leave."
I turned to look at him; his eyes were dark, and he was staring directly at me, a clear sign that something was wrong could see the worry lines between his brows, and something told me he was holding himself back. 
I glanced at Selene, who was frowning worriedly.
"Is everything okay?" She asked, standing to her feet.
Gavin turned his attention to her, his expression never changing.
"I think you should talk with your daughter. She's up to something, and you should
probably figure out what it is."
Selene's brows dipped.
"I don't understand..." Selene said.
I stood up as well, feeling my stomach clenching.
"Gavin, what's going on?" I asked.
His eyes darted to me, and he held out his hand.
"Come on," he said, his tone calm, though there was underlying urgency in his
voice. "We need to leave."
I took his hand with only a little
hesitation, though I was reluctant to
leave. I was finally getting some
answers and talking to Selene, 4
wasn't ready to leave just yet, especially not like this. 
"What about my daughter" Selene demanded to know.
"I'm sorry, Selene. Just go speak with her and maybe monitor the company she keeps."
I blinked at his words, confused.
Without another word, he pulled me out of the parlor, and we rushed towards the front door.
"Gavin, what is going on?" I asked, my voice in panic.
The moment we were outside and near the car, he said the words that struck me, making me doubt everything.
"I think they are lying to us. The Moon Gem doesn't belong to Lila Blackwell."
###Chapter 823
Third Person POV
Selene smoothed out the silky fabrics of her black dress as she looked in the mirror. She stood in her walk-in closet, the one that Zachary had built for her years ago. Her dark and thick hair was draped over my shoulder; she had just finished brushing it out. It's been a little over an hour since Judy and Gavin left, and she couldn't get Gavin's words out of her mind.
She thought about her day with Judy Montague; she was a strange girl, but Selene couldn't deny the feelings she had around Judy. It was almost like she had known Judy her entire life.
There was a knock on the door, drawing Selene's attention from her mirror to the doorway.
"Yes?" She called out, glad that her voice didn't waver.
The door creaked open, and her loving husband and mate poked his head in, a concerned look in his eyes.
"You've been quiet. I was getting worried," Zachary said, stepping into the walk-in closet. "Everything okay?"
Selene gave him a faint smile.
"How was your meeting with Mr. Landry?" Selene asked, deflecting the question. Zachary frowned, but he went along with the change in subject.
"It was good," he replied. "I think I was finally getting through to him. We might be able to come out of this after all."
Selene nodded, though her doubts weighed in.
"That's good,” she breathed. "That's really good. Maybe we won't have to go back into hiding after all."
"No, we won't go back into hiding," Zachary assured her, stepping closer. "Are you sure everything is okay?"
Selene swallowed, her eyes finding his. She knew she couldn't hide anything from her mate, but she wasn't sure what to say to him that wouldn't worry him. So, she forced a smile she knew didn't reach her eyes.
"I'm fine," she lied. "Have you seen Lila around?"
He frowned, but then he lifted his shoulders in a shrug.
"I'm not sure," he admitted. "I think I heard her with a friend earlier. But I'm not sure where they had gone."
Selene nodded.
"Perhaps I'll go look for her then," she said, patting her husband's chest before she stepped around him. "We'll talk later, okay?"
She didn't wait for his response; she continued to walk until she was out of her walk-in closet.
She left the bedroom and started towards the hall towards the stairway. As she made her way down the steps, she heard distinct voices, and she knew right away that one of the voices was Lila.
"You need to go before my brother gets here. If he catches you here, it'll be a death sentence for all of us."
"When are you going to realize our attempts are futile?" the other voice, a woman, said, sounding aggravated. "It clearly doesn't belong to you..."
"Keep your voice down; you know these walls hear everything. We will figure it out, but getting caught here is no good for you. You need to leave. Now!"
The woman sighed.
"Fine, I'm gone. Only because I don't need Noah catching me here."
With that, the woman started towards the door, and Selene boldly inched closer, trying to get a glimpse of the woman arguing with her daughter. When she caught sight of her face, Selene's heart stopped.
She knew that woman; it was Daisy Baldwin.
Daisy had helped get the Moon Gem back from Lila, but she had no idea that Daisy was still in contact with her daughter. She wasn't sure why, but she had a nasty feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Lila's footsteps grew quieter as well, and Selene let out the breath she hadn't known she was holding. She walked the rest of the way down the stairs and rounded the corner She was heading towards Lifa's bedroom. s?novels
?
She knew her daughter was up to something, Gavin Landry wouldn't lie about such a thing. She knew that Lila had been keeping something from her. Zachary and Selene, agreed to let Lila figure out her roots and magic on her own, and only to intervene if Lila asks. She had always been an independent girl and good at figuring things out on her own. However, Selene had found it strange that she continued to wear her pendant instead of extracting the magic from it. 
Selene knows that Lila hadn't gotten the magic out of it yet, and she isn't sure why Nobody really talks abou it, and Serene isn't sure why. But she
was done sitting quietly in the
corner; she was going to find out the truth, even if it killed her.
Without knocking, she grabbed the door handle of Lila's bedroom door and
pushed it open, welcoming herself inside.
Lila nearly shrieked at the intrusion, whipping around from her dresser, eyes wild and hair a mess.
"Mom?" Lila gasped, her eyes wide with alarm. "What on earth are you doing?"
"Who were you just with?"
Lila's eyes grew even wider if that was possible.
###Chapter 824
"W...what?"
"Don't lie to me, Lila Marie Blackwell," Selene said, folding her arms across her chest. "I heard you talking to someone. You were telling her she needed to leave before she got caught. Who are you hiding her from, and who is she?"
Selene already knew the answer, but she wanted her daughter to admit it.
"It was nobody," Lila said, her brows pinching together. "She was just someone who used to be my friend but isn't anymore..."
Selene knew she was lying and that hurt her more than anything.
"You're lying to me, but I don't understand why," Selene said, pressing her lips together in a thin line.
"I'm not lying..." Lila tried to exclaim. "And even if I was, I'm an adult. I don't need permission to see my friends."
"When your friend is Daisy Baldwin, you downright need to inform us when you invite her into our home," Selene all but snapped.
She hadn't meant to name-drop Daisy like that, but there was no turning back now. Lila looked like she had just been slapped. She stepped back and let out a breath.
"That's right," Selene said, owning up to her words. "I know exactly who you were with. You cannot deny it, Lila."
Lila opened her mouth to say something, but no words came out.
Then, she finally settled on something.
"She wanted to get her hands on my magic... so she's been hanging around ne. That's why I kicked her out because I'm sick of her using me for my magic," Lila said, tears filling her eyes.
They were nothing but crocodile tears, though; Selene could see through it almost right away.
"Where is your magic?" Selene asked, her eyes narrowed. "Why haven't you restored it? It shouldn't still be in the pendant. It should be inside of you where it belongs."
Lila pressed her lips together and stared at the ground. Selene narrowed her eyes again, her eyes shifting from Lila's face to her neckline. It was bare... the pendant wasn't on her.
"Where is it?" Selene asked again.
"I'm keeping it safe in the jewelry box," Lila said, wrapping her arms around herself like she was holding herself together.
"Let me see it."
"What?" Lila asked, stepping away from her mother.
"No... I..."
"Lila, I swear to the Moon Goddess... you are going to get that Moon Gem so I can see it with my own eyes. We did not go through all this trouble only for you to lose it."
"Of course I didn't lose it!"
"Then, let me see it," Selene shouted.
"What's going on in here?" Zachary asked as he stepped into the room.
"Dad, Mom has gone completely psycho," Lila said, her eyes never leaving Selene's. "Can you tell her to leave my room?"
Selene felt Zachary's questioning eyes on her, but she wasn't standing down.
"I need to see the pendant with my. own eyes. I'm not asking for much. If nt lose it The
you ne
Then let met
it, Selene said. 
"Are you talking about the Moon Gem?"
"Yes," Selene replied. “I need to see it, Zachary. Please, don't go against me on this."
After a short pause, Zachary turned to his daughter.
"Go get it."
His order was a demand, and he left no room for argument. Lila let out a breath, knowing the argument was futile. She turned to the dresser and grabbed the jewelry box She opened it, revealing the gorgeous moon gem that held a faint glow. 
"There, happy now?" Lila asked, seconds away from snapping the box closed again.
"Take it out," Selene said without batting an eye.
"What?" Lila asked, raising her brows. "Why?"
"Because I said so."
"Selene... what's going on?" Zachary asked, but Selene ignored him.
"Take it out of the box," she demanded again.
"Dad, please,” Lila said, turning her pleading eyes to her father.
He sighed and stepped forward.
"I'll grab it," he suggested, but Selene grabbed his arm.
"No, it has to be her," she said to him before she looked back at Lila. "Take it out
of the box."
Lila licked her dry lips before she let out a shuddering breath and nodded slowly.
She reached into the box and attempted to grab the moon gem, hoping that it wouldn't burn her like it had earlier. She thought that maybe if she gave the gem some time, it wouldn't be as bad, but she was mistaken The gem burned her Hand so badly that she yelped and dropped it to the ground. 
She hugged her hand to her chest and held it as tears spilled down her cheeks.
She could hardly look at her parents, who were staring at her with wide eyes and slack-jawed.
"What just happened?" Zachary asked, disbelief evident on his face and in his voice. "Did it just burn you?"
"Yes, it did," Selene replied. "Zachary... I'm not sure how it's possible... but Lila isn't our daughter."
###Chapter 825
Judy's POV
The drive home was much quieter than I had expected. When Gavin dropped the bomb about the Blackwells' lying to us, I wasn't sure what to think. Selene didn't seem like the kind of woman who would straight up lie to me. I also didn't think Zachary would be bold enough to lie, but Lila... I wouldn't put it past her.
Something about it didn't seem right to me, but I didn't argue with him. I just got into the car and let him close the door behind me. He gave the manor one last lingering look before he, too, got into the car and drove us away. His hands were clutching the steering wheel so tightly that his knuckles were growing white.
I wanted to ask if he was okay, but I couldn't get the words out of my mouth. It's not like I was afraid of him, but I could tell he needed a moment to gather his thoughts. I just didn't think it would take the entire hour drive back to the Silver Crescent pack, and even a little longer as we reached the villa and got inside.
Gavin took his time taking off his suit jacket, hanging it up, and then kicking off his shoes. We were in our bedroom, and I was watching him with an earnest expression as he unbuttoned his shirt, his abs becoming visible to me, and my mouth nearly on the ground. I couldn't seem to look away from him, which was a normal reaction, honestly.
He was a distraction, and my wolf couldn't wait to get him naked again. No matter how many times we've had him, it'll never be enough.
He turned to look at me, his eyes finding mine, and the earnest expression he was sporting only moments ago softened, and I could see the lingering concern in
his eyes.
"Are you going to tell me what's going on?" I finally asked him, my voice coming out raspier than I meant.
He let out a breath and ran his fingers through his hair.
"I saw Lila and Daisy together," he said, making my heart stop in my chest. "Daisy Baldwin?"
He nodded.
"They were looking at the Moon Gem and it was glowing rather brightly," he explained. His brows pinched together as he remembered what he had seen. "Lila touched it and it burned her."
I let out a breath like I had been punched in the stomach, the dream I had came crashing into my memory. It was the same thing in my dream as well; I was told that it would only be accepted by the one it belonged to and would burn anyone who tried to mess with it.
But that didn't make any sense because that magic was supposed to belong to Lila. She was the daughter that they took the magic from... so why wouldn't the gem recognize her as such?
"What's wrong?" He asked, eyeing me carefully.
"It just doesn't make sense. Why would something that belongs to her burn her?" I
asked, shaking my head like I was trying to shake away the thought.
"Because it doesn't belong to her. They lied to us. I doubt it even belongs to the Blackwell family. My father was probably the one who was telling the truth the entire tim?, and they turned on him," he O
muttered, the anger and resentment clear in his eyes. 
"What if they didn't know?" I found myself asking.
"How could they not know this?" Gavin asked, shaking his head. "She's their daughter."
"But what if she isn't?" I asked before I could think better of it. I immediately clamped my mouth shut, regretting my words.
Gavin furrowed his brows.
"What are you saying?" He asked. "Of course she is. Unless you think they are lying about that, too?"
I shook my head.
"I was thinking maybe there was a mix-up at the hospital," I said, wrapping my arms around myself. "Like maybe Selene's baby isn't the same baby she brought home."
"Why would you think that?"
"Selene told me that when Lila was born, she was as healthy as a horse, but then a day later, she had a sudden heart condition. It's just strange for that to happen out of nowhere. Right?"
"It's strange, but not unheard of," Gavin said, watching me carefully.
"And Lila looks nothing like her family, don't you think?" I asked. "Her whole family has dark hair, and she has blonde."
"We don't know their entire family line. There could be blondes somewhere in her family tree," Gavin suggested. "That doesn't mean Lila isn't her daughter."
"The Moon Gem is supposed to unleash its magic on the rightful owner of said magic, but it hasn't released it to Lila,” I said, narrowing my eyes at him. "Don't you think that's weird.mean, you obviously do or we wouldn't be having this conversation." 
Gavin sighed and stepped closer to me. He put his hands on my shoulders and traced a pattern with his thumbs or each side of my neck, sending a warmth throughout my entire body and making me lean into him. 
###Chapter 826
"Maybe so," he replied after a short pause. "I'd like to believe that over the fact that they've been lying to us. I'm not really sure how we can know for sure, though. Maybe I'll agree to Zachary's terms and keep him as close as possible."
"You're thinking about agreeing to the merger?"
Gavin sighed as he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me into him; my protruding belly kept us separated slightly.
"He's scared," Gavin said, almost thoughtfully. "There's something or someone he's afraid of, and I'm not entirely sure what it is. He mentioned that his enemies are now coming after him and his family, now that he's no longer in hiding, and rumors are circulating everywhere. I think maybe they need us."
My heart squeezed.
"Enemies..." I said softly. "Do you think they could be the same ones that my birth mother was afraid of? Her family?"
"What makes you think that?"
"I don't know," I said, my cheeks flushing slightly. "It's just all so weird, and I'm not sure how any of it connects, but I have that nasty feeling that it does. I also have a feeling that Esme might know, and that's why she's not speaking."
Gavin was quiet for a long while as he let that information process.
"We shouldn't jump to conclusions."
I nodded, knowing he was right, but I still had a nasty feeling in the pit of my stomach.
"Did you know that Zachary had a sister?" I asked.
"I vaguely remember Coraline," he remarked. "I think she and my father had a thing for a long time before he met his mate. She came around once in a while, but then she just stopped appearing."
"She was the one who put the magic in the Moon Gem," I told him. "Selene told me as much. But she hadn't seen or heard from her since. She's not sure what happened or why Cora decided to cut ties with the family, but it really hurt Zachary."
"You think she might have more information?"
I nodded, nibbling on my lower lip.
"Yes, I do," I admitted. "I think it's worth checking it out. It's a lead, and it could lead us in the right direction."
"What are we even looking for here, Judy?" Gavin asked, pressing his forehead to mine. He sounded so defeated and worried all at the same time. "Why are we making this our business when it's clearly not?"
"Because I'm having strange dreams that connect to Esme Blackwell, that's why I told him. "And because Lila was born in the same hospital as me around the same time. My birth mother was running from someone, and to protect me from that someone, she gave me away to people she had just met. Yes, they are a wonderful family, and I love but the truth of the matter is... my mother didn't know them. She had just met them, and she trusted them enough to give me to them. She figured it was a better fate than the one I would be given if I were to stay with her. None of this is a coincidence..." 
them more than anything
"You're right," he said after a moment of pause. "It is all very strange. look into it and see if I
can find any traces of Cora. Then, we can go from there. But you don't do anything without me,
understand? You're in a fragile state right now, and won't have you running around and putting yourself in danger." 
I smiled up at him as I pressed my lips to his.
"I would never put myself or our baby in danger," I assured him as I wrapped my
arms around his neck.
me even closer, his kiss
He pulled me
deepening and his tongue sliding into my mouth, tasting me. I
hummed with satisfaction, a smile tugging at the corner of my lips wanted to be as close to him as possible, and at this moment, it didn't seem like I could get close enough. 
Just as he was about to lift me, there was a knock on the door, effectively
stopping whatever was about to happen.
I groaned.
I didn't want to be interrupted right now, but it was too late. Gavin chuckled as he pecked another kiss on my lips, and then he released me. He went to the door and opened it only to find Irene standing on the other side.
"Hi," she said, nibbling on her lower lip. I could tell she's been crying, and my heart squeezed painfully in my chest. "Sorry to bother you..."
"It's okay, Irene. Everything okay?" Gavin asked.
She looked uncertain for a moment, and then she let out a breath.
"I just need a distraction. I was wondering if Judy wanted to do some more
wedding planning?"
I smiled.
"I would love to."
###Chapter 827
Judy's POV
Nan let herself into the villa like she owned the place. Our butler, Adam, was used to it by now and only rolled his eyes whenever she strolled in. She gave him a wink and a wave before she passed him and went into the back parlor, where Irene and I sat. I could see her from the entryway as she made her way towards us, and I couldn't help the smile that spread across my face upon seeing her.
Nan had been so busy between her restaurant and helping out at the packhouse that I barely got to see her. I was glad to see that Chuck was handling things for her, and she was able to take a day away from the stresses of her work life.
She held up a bag as she strolled towards us.
"I made muffins," she said. "Figured you girls would enjoy them.”
She placed them on the coffee table in front of us. I smiled, grateful for her; her muffins were incredible, and I was excited to eat one.
"Thanks," I said with a bright smile. "I'm glad you could get here at the last minute."
She scoffed and took a seat next to Irene.
"Please, I all but told Chuck I needed a girl's night. He didn't even bat an eye. He told me to have fun, and he will handle everything," she said, a smirk playing on her lips. "Which almost guarantees a mess tomorrow, but oh well."
This made us giggle; though Irene giggled as well, it didn't quite reach her eyes, and it was painfully obvious that she was faking it for our benefit. I hated that she was in so much pain; her mind was probably in a thousand different places right
now.
She had dark circles around her eyes, she was pale; her hair wasn't done... she wore sweatpants and a hoodie that I knew didn't belong to her. It was too big, and it had Chuck's scent all over it.
If Erik were to catch wind of his scent on her, it would destroy him. I didn't want that to happen to my friend, and I certainly didn't want Irene pining over someone who didn't care for her.
"Jesus, Irene," Nan said, her brows knitting together. "You look like death. Did you get into a fight with your pillow?”
"I guess I've been better," Irene said, running her fingers through her thick mass of hair, looking a bit sheepish. "But can you blame me? I'm grieving."
"Well, it doesn't help when you wear Chuck's hoodie," Nan said, folding her arms across her chest. So, she noticed too... I'm glad I wasn't the only one. "How do you expect to get over him when you wrap yourself in his scent?"
Her cheeks flamed red.
"We are supposed to be here talking about Judy, not here," Irene said, folding her arms across her chest. "You know.... Wedding plans?"
"I'm okay talking about this too if you need to vent," I said, shrugging one shoulder.
"I don't," she said firmly, her eyes narrowed as she looked at me. "I'd rather not talk about any of it. Thank you very much."
I looked at Nan, and she gave me the same look in return. With a knowing glint in our eyes, we both decided to drop it.
"Here," Nan said, handing me a muffin. "You're eating for two."
I smiled at her as I nibbled on the muffin; the flavors practically exploded in my mouth. It was
delicious and I couldn't help the moan that escaped my mouth When she went to hand one to Irene, she waved it away. 
"No, it's okay. I'm not very hungry."
To that, Nan just shrugged and then started to eat the muffin herself
She reached into the bag she was carrying and pulled out a notebook, placing it on the coffee table in front of us. I recognized that notebook as one she wrote her recipes and notes fn. As she flipped it open, though, it was something different, something unexpected. 
On the top of the first page, it read: Judy's Wedding.
"When did you write all this down?" I asked with a hint of a smile in the corner of my lips.
She shrugged and leaned back in her seat.
"A few weeks ago. It's no big deal," Nan shrugged. "I mean, one of us has to be organized."
"Um, what is that?" Irene asked, narrowing her eyes at one of the pictures. It was some photos of the bridesmaid dresses. They were
salmon pink they weren't bad n
not the prettiest either. They were very Nan, though; she liked simple things like that. 
###Chapter 828
"The bridesmaid dresses," Nan said with a pleased smile. "I figured something not too flashy because we don't want to take away from the bride. It's simple and comfortable and-"
"Not going to work," Irene said, her brows pinched together. "This is a Landry wedding. The people are going to expect huge and flashy. We can't wear something mediocre like this. How about you leave the dresses to me, and you can handle the menu."
Nan frowned.
"I'm the maid of honor. Shouldn't I be in charge of this stuff?" She asked.
"Just focus on what you're good at and I'll focus on what I'm good at," Irene said, glancing through the other photos. "These will never do. We would look so ordinary. It's a huge no thanks."
Nan rolled her eyes.
"Fine, whatever," she muttered. "Did you choose a cake flavor yet?"
I shook my head.
"I'm not entirely sure. I mean, we tried some cakes the other day. What did you think?"
"I loved the lemon personally," Nan said with a shrug.
Irene crinkled her nose.
"Gross, you're the only one who would want a lemon cake," Irene murmured. "How about we keep that part simple and go for vanilla. We can't go wrong with that?"
"That's so boring," Nan groaned. "Besides, it's Judy's wedding. She should be the one to decide."
I shrugged.
I was leaning more towards red velvet, but I want it to be something that Gavin enjoys, too, because this day is for him as well."
"I can make some calls and get you in for another cake testing. Please provide me with a list of all the flavors you enjoyed, and I'll pass it on to the baker for your next testing. You can go with Gavin," Nan suggested as she wrote that down in the notebook.
"That would be great; thanks," I said with a small smile.
"What about a theme?" Irene asked. “We should come up with a wedding theme."
"Wedding is the theme," Nan said, furrowing her brows.
Irene rolled her eyes and shook her head.
"Um, no... the wedding itself needs a real theme. I was thinking something like a fairytale, or paradise. It would be so romantic with snow lights and glitter!"
"No glitter," Nan said, crinkling her nose.
"A little glitter?" Irene asked.
"No glitter," Nan repeated, stubbornly.
"Maybe we can revisit the glitter?" I suggested, not wanting them to argue.
"Do you seriously want glitter at your wedding?” Nan asked, raising her brows. "Since when are you a glitter girl?"
"I'm not a glitter girl, but if Irene wants glitter..."
"It's your wedding!" Nan reminded me, effectively stopping me from talking It's not about what Irene wants. Just because she's heartbroken over a guy she has no business being heartbroken over 
"She's Gavin's daughter, Nan. This wedding isn't just about me marrying Gavin and becoming the Luna; it's about joining his family with mine. It's about me becoming a Landry and the Landrys
becoming
part of the Montagues. This
wedding isn't just for me so if Irene
wants a little glitter, then I don't mind
adding some glitter."
Irene's eyes glistened with unshed tears as she listened to my words. She bit her lower lip and looked away, like she was afraid that I'd see the emotions pooling in
her eyes.
"It'd be so tacky," Nan whined. "But fine... it is your wedding after all.”
I smiled at her, grateful to have her in my life. I was grateful to have both of them in my life. I watched as Nan and Irene continued to plan. Irene struggled against her tears for the next couple of hours, and once in a white, I'd catch her taking a shift of her hoodie. It hurt me to see her like this, and I wished there was
something I could do to help.
But then a thought came to me; a siren used magic to compel their victims to love them and believe that they are fated mates. So maybe it's magic we need to break the hold that Chuck has on Irene.
Maybe if we can find a witch to help with that type of magic, Irene would be free from Chuck's siren hold and then finally see Erik for the mate that he is.
But if that didn't work, then we could find the true owner of the Moon Gem's necklace and then get them to break that curse.
We just had to figure out who the owner was and if they were willing to help.
###Chapter 829
Gavin's POV
“Just sign along the dotted line," Taylor instructed. "And then the contract is complete, and you'll officially be in business together."
I hesitated for a moment before I signed my name along the line, but eventually I did. The second my signature was sprawled on the contract, Zachary Blackwell clapped his hands together. I looked up at him, sitting on the other side of my desk with his leg crossed over the other. A smile lit up his face as he looked between Taylor and me.
“So, that's a done deal then,” he said, his voice loud and proud. He holds out his hand for me to shake, and I shake it because it's what you do during business transactions like this.
However, I couldn't help but think that I sold my soul to the devil. I feel like I somehow did my late father a disservice by deciding to work with someone he deemed an enemy. Then again, it seemed as if my father was the true enemy in the situation.
"We should have a celebration. Drinks on me tonight," Zachary said. "It'll be good to get out and maybe get to know the territory, considering I'll be pledging myself to you at some point. We'll need to discuss the ceremony for that and an announcement for the territory."
"Let's just make one thing clear,” Taylor said, pressing his palms on the desk and leaning towards Zachary, a sudden bite to his words. “Just because you are now business partners with Alpha Gavin doesn't make you any type of Alpha in this territory. Your only involvement is the Landry Foundation business, and according to the contract, you are to remain focused on the Blackwell portion of this business. Pack matters will never be your concern, and you will not come off as some kind of authority figure to anyone in this pack."
Zachary held up his hands like he was trying to ward off a wild beast.
"I never said I wanted to be an Alpha to anyone in this territory," he said, defensively. "I already explained what it was I wanted and what my people and I are gaining from this."
"And your people... have they fully accepted bowing to Gavin as their Alpha?" Taylor asked, raising his brows.
"Some aren't pleased. They threatened to leave, and I won't stop them if it comes down to it. There are some who are for it, though; they are loyal to me and know that this is the only way I can protect my family."
"And you won't tell me who is after you so I can protect mine?" I asked, narrowing my eyes.
He's been mentioning for days that there are people after him, and now that it's impossible for them to hide due to the Moon Gem's strength and aura, these people are going to come after him sooner or later. They've hidden for a long time due to this, and they fear for their family.
I understand that fear, and I couldn't bring myself to walk away.
"They wouldn't dare touch your family," Zachary said, shaking his head. "They wouldn't be stupid enough to go against the Landry's. That's why this merger is important. I'm hoping that if we are partners, they'll back off and leave my family alone."
"It would be a lot better if you told me the truth," I said, my right brow raising. "If there are people after you, we can put a stop to them."
"Many have tried to stop them. But most failed."
"You're being cryptic," I said, folding my arms across my chest.
"Sometimes it's necessary," Zachary murmured. "So, we'll celebrate tonight?"
"Perhaps another night," I said, standing up. "Tonight, I'd rather,
home and spend time with me get
family." 
Zachary looked disappointed, but he nodded.
"Understood. It was good to see you, Alpha. Beta. We will be in touch."
Taylor and I nodded as Zachary left my office. Taylor let out a breath and ran his fingers through his hair.
"I don't trust him," Taylor muttered.
"Nor do I. But you know what they say... keep your friends closer and your enemies closer."
Taylor raised his brows, fully turning to face me.
"You find him to be an enemy?"
I let out a breath and shook my head.
met
"No, but he's not a friend either. I need you to look into something for me said Judy's birth mom. 
Taylor raised his brows at the sudden subject change.
"I don't understand...."
"It's a long story. But the shortened version is that she was an
18-year-old who ran away from home. Her family was after her, and apparently, they scared her so much. that she was willing to give her daughter away to strangers she met at the hospital. Nobody knows who her family was or why she was running from them..." 
###Chapter 830
"And you think it could be related?" Taylor asked, slightly taken aback.
"I don't know. But I think it's a good place to start," I told him. "Are you able to do some digging?"
"Yeah, of course. I'll see what I can find out."
I nodded and put my hand on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze.
"Not sure what I'd do without you," I said to him. "Thanks, man."
Taylor nodded.
“I aim to please,” he said, giving me a sly grin.
With that, we parted ways. I went home to my family, though it was late, so I knew Matthew would be in bed by now. Judy was supposed to spend the day planning our wedding with Irene and Nan, and when I entered the parlor, all three of them were passed out on the couch.
I couldn't help but smile as I caught a glimpse of Irene's head on Judy's shoulder, the two of them looking so peaceful in their slumber.
Nan was curled up on the other couch, lightly snoring, and I thought about taking a quick video for Chester. But then I saw her phone lighting up and Chester's picture appearing on the screen. Next to it was the amount of times he called... 25.
Her phone was on silent, so she didn't hear it or feel its vibrations. Knowing Chester, he was probably freaking out over the fact that she hadn't returned home yet. I know I would be if it were Judy.
I grabbed Nan's phone and pressed the talk button, putting it to my ear.
“Chester,” I said, trying to keep my voice low so I wouldn't wake anyone.
"Alpha," Chester asked, breathless and worry evident in his tone. "Where's Nan? Why are you answering her phone?"
"Nan's fine. She fell asleep at the villa with Judy and Irene. I just got home..." I told him.
"She's sleeping?" He asked.
"She is. Want me to send you a pic?"
I could hear him swallowing.
"I thought..." his voice trailed off for a moment. "I thought something bad had happened. I was so scared."
“You're her mate... you'd feel it if something bad happened,” I reminded him.
"She blocks me from sharing that part of her. She thinks it's weird being able to share our feelings like that, and she wants privacy," he muttered. “So, no... I can't feel her."
"Your mate keeps you blocked?"
"We are still working on things...” he muttered. "But yeah. I was on my way there right now, actually. had to wake Ematyn up and pack her in, the car. We'll be there soon, and T take Nan home." 
"Okay,” I told him. "I'll make sure Adam knows you're heading here."
"Thanks."
I hung up without another word and put Nan's phone down. It's not my place to wake her, so I decided to leave her for now.
"Was that Chester?" I heard Judy asking, her eyes unfocused, peeking up at me.
I smiled down at her; she was so beautiful even when she was groggy.
"Yeah, he's coming to pick up Nan."
Judy nodded and then maneuvered herself out from under Irene as she stood to her feet. I had to reach for her to keep her stable because she stumbled a bit She was getting
bigger, and my heart swe the
sight of her carrying our son. I put my hands on her belly, feeling the fluttering of his little feet, and I
couldn't help the large smile that stretched across my face. 
“He's already so strong,” I said, unable to hide my excitement.
"Just like his father," she breathed, pressing into me, trying to close as much of the gap as she could.
"We should get to bed," I murmured, pressing my lips to her temple. "It's late."
"What about them?" She asked, peeking down at Irene and Nan.
"Irene's good there. And Chester is coming to deal with Nan,” I assured her. "My focus right now is you."
She nodded, but she was nibbling on her lower lip, so I knew something was wrong. I didn't ask her about it right now, though, not while we were still in the presence of Irene and Nan waited until we were safely behind the closed doors of our bedroom before asked what was on her mind. 
She looked down, her cheeks flushing slightly.
"I might have done something..." she said, her heart beating rapidly and so loudly
that I could hear it.
I raised my brows.
"What exactly did you do?"
She was quiet for a long time before she took a deep breath and then looked up at
me, her eyes meeting mine.
"I might have found Coraline Blackwell..."
###Chapter 831
Judy's POV
There was one woman in this world who knew exactly what had happened 23 years ago in that hospital. One woman who took part in what had happened and probably could answer all the questions that I had. One woman who disappeared because of what had happened.
Coraline Blackwell, Zachary's sister.
The first time I heard her name was at the Blackwell manor when Selene mentioned that Zachary lost contact with his sister years ago. Cora, as they call her, had no wolf... she was mostly witch, like their mother. Zachary, on the other hand, though he had traces of witch in his bloodline because of his mother, was more wolf and wasn't born with the powers of a witch.
I needed answers about what happened at that hospital the day I was born, and I needed to find out how I can help Irene in the process. Seeing her broken up over a siren and unable to sense her own mate was heartbreaking. I needed to find out who the true owner of that Moon Gem is, so they can break whatever connection she has towards Chuck.
Or maybe Cora would be able to break it herself.
It was worth a try.
Thankfully, Erik is a great hacker and did some inside work, hacking into Zachary's database. It was easier than he anticipated, and he would do just about anything to break Chuck's hold on Irene. The moment I called him, he was all for doing whatever he needed to do.
Neither of us believed that Zachary had any idea where Cora was. That was his little sister after all, and just because he hadn't spoken to her in years, it didn't mean he didn't keep tabs on her to make sure she was well. So, collectively, we figured we'd find something about her whereabouts in his database, and we were correct.
It only took a couple of hours, but soon, Erik was sending me an address. Cora's last known address. It was a few hours away from the Silver Crescent Pack.
Gavin stared at me with disdain when I told him that I found Coraline Blackwell. The silence in the room was so thick I could cut it with a knife.
"What do you mean you found Coraline Blackwell?" He finally asked, slicing through the silence.
"I mean... I found her..." I said, sucking my bottom lip into my mouth. "Well, actually. Erik found her. But I asked him to."
"You're talking about Zachary's sister?" He asked.
I nodded, my cheeks heating as he stared at me like I had just grown another head.
"I know it's a long shot... but I was hoping she could provide some answers," I admitted.
"Answers to what?" His voice was growing louder, and I could tell he was getting upset.
"She was there that night, Gavin. The night I was born... the night Lila was born. She was the one who put the magic in the Moon Gem. Magic that doesn't respond to Lia with anything other than anger. That gem doesn't belong to Lila, and I think Cora might know the reason behind that.” 
"What are you hoping to gain from this?" Gavin asked, narrowing his eyes at me. "Why does it matter if the gem doesn't respond to Lila in the way she thought it would? It doesn't have anything to do with you."
His words were like a slap in the face, and I found myself taking a step away from him like he had shoved me. My wolf stirred uncomfortably inside of me, not appreciating bow he was speaking to us and not appreciating what he had to say. 
“Because a person who owns that much power is strong enough to be able to break
the hold Chuck has on your daughter," I said through my teeth, hating that tears were burning in my eyes.
I blame it on pregnancy hormones.
"She's not happy, Gavin. She's miserable, and I hate seeing her like this. Don't you?” I asked, my brows pinching together.
"Of course I do. But-"
“But nothing," I said, affectively cutting him off. "This is Irene we are talking about, Gavin. We can't do nothing. We need to figure out how to break that bond."
"Distance will break it," Gavin said, shaking his head. "That's how it always worked with sirens. To break their bond, you need distance. She has to go no contact. No, nothing, and eventually it'll fade."
"It's hurting her, though, and I can't
stand to watch it happening. It's hurting both her and Erik. He's her fated mate, and he can't claim her because of all of this. It's not fair to either of them. Irene deserves to have her happily ever after. She deserves to have a chance at finally having that true love. She's been hurt so many times already... It's time that it ends. Plus, I have a feeling Cora can answer more questions than we have." 
###Chapter 832
“I don't like the idea of seeing this woman. We don't know if she's dangerous or not," Gavin told me. "It's not something I'm willing to risk."
"Not even for your own daughter?" I asked.
I was clouded with disbelief. How could he say such a thing? This was his daughter, for crying out loud. I knew I shouldn't be arguing with him while I'm hormonal like this, but I really couldn't help myself. I was upset and hurt...and desperate for
answers.
"It's too dangerous," he said, his tone softening. "I need to protect my family."
"These dreams are getting worse," I blurted before I could stop myself.
"What are you talking about?"
"The dreams I've been having," I reminded him. "They're more frequent...they're longer... they're worse."
"Okay?" He asked. "What does that have to do with anything?"
"Cora might be able to shed some light on why I'm having them in the first place," I told him. “I can't explain it... But I have a feeling everything is connected. I know it's a long shot and I know we might walk away with more questions than answers, but I know in my gut that I need to talk to this woman."
I stepped closer to him, placing my hand on his chest and feeling his steady heartbeat against the palm of my hand.
“I need you to trust me. I would never put our baby..... our family... in danger. Please, Gavin..."
He stared at me for a long while, and just as I thought he was going to say no, he let out a breath and ran his fingers through his hair.
"You're not going alone," he finally said, frustration clear on his face. "I'll be coming with you. As will Erik. You aren't to be alone with that woman for even a second, understood?"
I nodded, way too eager.
"Yes, I understand," I tell him.
“I don't like this,” he admitted. “But if you think it's necessary, then I trust you."
I wrapped my arms around him and pressed my lips to his, kissing him deeply and affectionately.
"I do find it necessary," I murmured against his lips. "You'll see."
He wrapped his arms around my waist and held me close to him, nipping at my bottom lip.
"When do we leave?" I asked, peeking up at him through our lashes.
"I have some stuff to figure out tomorrow, but about this weekend?" He suggested.
"This weekend is perfect," I said, kissing him once more. "Thank you..." I added in a whisper.
He pulled back slightly so he could peer down at me.
"Do you really think she'll be able to give us an answer?"
I nodded without hesitation.
"Yes, I do believe Coraline will answer our questions," I replied.
"What questions are you hoping to find the answers ? Hehe
sat down on the bed and puffed me
onto his lap, holding me against him.
"Something was after my birth mom," I told him. "Something that scared her... or
someone that scared her. I want to know who it was."
I didn't miss the way he tensed, and I peeked up at him to see him flexing his jaw.
"And you think Coraline knows who it was?" He asked.
I shrugged.
"From what Selene said, Cora was wise, and she knew things. It's worth asking her,"
I told him.
He was quiet for a long moment, maybe processing what I had just said. But when he didn't say
anything more, I looked up at him
with a frown. He looked lost
thought. 
FindNovel.net
in
"What is it?" I asked him, reaching up to rub the crease between his brows. "You seem lost."
"Zachary is afraid of someone, kind of like your birth mother was," Gavin told me, making my heart stop in my chest. "He won't tell us. who's after hig. But he's hoping this merger will protect him and his family. Apparently, whoever is after him wouldn't dare touch the Eandrys, so
he thinks if he allies himself with me,
it'll stop them from coming after the Blackwell family." 
to FindNovel.net
“And you think whoever is after the Blackwells was after my mom, too?" I asked, my
eyes widening as realization dawned on me.
"I think it's worth finding out."
###Chapter 833
Judy's POV
I woke up to the smell of coffee brewing in the kitchen downstairs. I glanced at the time on the nightstand and saw that it was early; much too early for the staff to arrive and start cooking breakfast. Telling from the fact that Gavin wasn't in bed beside me, I knew it had to be him in the kitchen.
For a second, I just lay there, staring at the ceiling and thinking about my conversation with Gavin a couple of nights ago. We were planning on hunting down Coraline Blackwell tonight, now that it was Saturday, and Gavin promised me we would go this morning.
Thankfully, last night was a dreamless sleep. Then again, I didn't sleep deeply enough. I knew neither Gavin nor I slept that well last night. I could feel him all night... I could feel him right now. He was worried. He was always worried lately.
I let out a breath and pushed the blankets off, forcing myself out of bed. The smell of bacon and coffee drifted down the hallway, making my mouth water and my stomach grumble. Both the baby and I were ravenous this morning.
I didn't make it far before I was nearly run over by Matt, who was quickly leaving his room. He froze and looked up at me, his eyes wide.
"Sorry," he murmured. “I really have to go to the bathroom."
He was doing a funny little dance like he was really holding in his bladder. I smiled down at him, forgetting that he's still a little boy, despite how much he's matured since I first met him. I rubbed his head, ruffling his hair.
"Go on now," I told him.
I didn't have to tell him twice; he jumped around me and ran straight down the hall and towards the nearest bathroom. I couldn't help the laugh that bubbled out of me as I shook my head.
Irene had already agreed to watch Matt this weekend while Gavin and I go on our road trip. I was thankful she was here to help, even if she wasn't fully mentally here. I knew she was pretending to be okay because she didn't want to worry anyone. After she spent a week in her room, avoiding everybody, she started to make more appearances. She spent the last couple of days with Nan and me, helping me with my wedding preparations.
I think it's been a good distraction for her, and planning this event was something she truly loved. I was happy to have her there to help, and her eye for detail was perfect.
Irene even joined us for dinner last night, which was a pleasant
surprise. Though I could still see the dark circle's beneath her eyes indicating her lac sleep and sometimes I see tears glisten in her bloodshot eyes, showing me that she still cries when she doesn't think others are watching. 
She was in so much pain, and I was so determined to make sure she never had to
feel that kind of pain again.
Erik had been staying away from her these last few days because he knew that bis presence would only make things worse and push her further away. I told him that I'll fix this and figure out a way to break the hold Chuck has on her. He's been impatiently texting me these last couple of days, wondering about my progress, and I keep telling him to give me more time. 
When I reached the kitchen, I paused at the entryway for a moment to
admire what I was seeing in front of me. Gavin stood by the stove in a fitted black shirt, flipping eggs like someone who hadn't been awake for most of the night is hair was still damp from a shower and he looked unfairly good. 
My mate was certainly the hottest man in this entire world, and my heart skipped a beat at the sight of him. I swear I fall a little bit more in love with him every time I see him. Sensing my presence, Gavin turned to look at me, his lips turning into a smirk when he noticed me checking him out.
I wasn't sorry about it; he was going to be my husband after all.
Husband.
I still couldn't seem to get over that; I was going to be Gavin's wife... his Luna. My heart swelled even more at the thought, and I felt heat creeping up my cheeks.
"Good morning," he said, his voice deep and sending a warmth throughout my entire body.
"Morning," I replied, my voice sounding breathy.
He held out an arm for me, beckoning me to him, and I went like I was a bug drawn
to the light. He wrapped his arm around me, pulling me against his hard body, and I molded against him like I was meant to be there and was created to fit him as perfectly as I did.
###Chapter 834
His lips found mine, and heat coursed through me, lighting my face on fire. The reaction my body had towards him was as if this were all brand new. I hoped that feeling never went away.
When he pulled back, I saw a twinkle of something in his eyes, and I couldn't help the smile that stretched across my face.
“We'll leave after breakfast,” he tells me, and my heart nearly stops in my chest.
“So, it's official... we are leaving today..." It wasn't a question, and I wasn't entirely sure if I was talking to him or myself.
He frowned as he stared around my face.
"Isn't that what you wanted?" He asked. "To meet with Coraline Blackwell and get answers?"
I nodded without hesitation, but that didn't make my nerves settle.
"Yes," I breathed. "It's just a little overwhelming."
He reached over and brushed a strand of hair out of my face.
"I'll be there with you, and I won't leave your side," he assured me.
The sound of the sizzling bacon brought his attention back to the stove. He continued to cook, and I stood there, watching him, my heart beating faster and faster. I wasn't sure how I had gotten so lucky, but I felt like the luckiest woman in the entire world to be marrying Gavin Landry.
I couldn't help the stupid smile on my face or the way I felt so much lighter.
He plated the food and handed me a couple of them. I brought them over to the table, and he brought over a couple to the table as well. As if they already knew that breakfast was ready, Irene and Matt rushed into the kitchen.
"It smells so good in here," Matt said, practically jumping on his toes.
I sat at the table and motioned for him to sit as well. Gavin brought over a pot of coffee and a jug of orange juice, setting them both on the table in the center. Matt reached for the orange juice, and Irene sat down.
"Good morning," I say to her.
She gave me a small smile.
I could see that her eyes were a bit bloodshot, so I knew she spent the night crying,
and she was still wearing one of Chuck's sweatshirts.
"Morning," she said softly as she poured herself a cup of coffee.
"Did you sleep okay?" I asked her, my eyes never leaving her face.
She lifted one shoulder.
"I slept fine," she said, but the dark circles beneath her eyes proved otherwise.
I decided not to push her; if she wanted to talk to me about what was going on in her mind, she would.
“Are we doing more wedding planning today?" She asked, peeking up at me.
I shook my head.
"I figured we'd take
a break for the
weekend," I told her. "Nan's
restaurant is the busiest over the weekend, so she'll be super busy
anyway. Plus, Gavin and I are going away until tomorrow, Don't you remember? You promised you d watch Matt this weekend?" 
She nodded.
"Yes, I remember. I just wasn't sure if there would be time to do some planning," she
said, sounding a bit disappointed. "I enjoy focusing on your wedding."
"Well, I mean, I'm sure you could find something to do that'll make this wedding thing a bit easier. Just act
as though you're the wedding planner mean, you pretty much are" 
Her face lit up, and her eyes widened.
"Okay,” she breathed. "Thank you."
I nodded and started to eat my food. It was embarrassing how fast I ate... but I am
eating for two after all.
I took a large sip of orange juice,
hating that couldn't have any of the Wea
coffee. We ate the rest of breakfast
in silence, and by the time we finished, the villa staff arrived to
start the day Those who worked in the kitchen were surprised to see that we had already cooked and eaten our own breakfast. But they contributed by cleaning up the mess for us, and Gavin thanked them.
Matt and Irene went off to do their own thing, and then Gavin turned to me, a
determined look in his eyes.
"Are you ready to go?" He asked.
I took in a deep breath and then released it before nodding slowly.
"I'm ready," I told him.
This was it... We were about to leave and meet the woman who could finally give us some answers. Now I just had to hope that she would give them to us.
We were about to find out the kind of woman... or witch... Coraline Blackwell was.
###Chapter 835
Judy's POV
The car ride was long; it took several hours, and most of it was done in silence. Gavin was lost in thought the entire drive... as was I. Gavin drove with his jaw tight, one hand gripping the wheel and the other holding mine like he thought I'd disappear if he let go.
I stared out the window at the woods rushing by-dense trees, heavy branches, patches of morning fog clinging to the ground. The deeper we went, the less the world looked like anything familiar. No houses, no mailboxes... not even an occasional jogger or hiker.
Just miles and miles of quiet.
"Why would she live out here where there is nobody else?" I asked, more to myself than from Gavin.
“From what I hear, she doesn't trust anybody," Gavin replied.
Taylor had done a little more digging before we left and found out some stuff about Coraline Blackwell. She disappeared off the grid years ago and stopped associating with her family. Her lack of trust was palpable to Taylor, and he made mention of that to Gavin. We weren't sure what kind of woman we were walking into, but my nerves couldn't be settled for the entire few hours we drove.
"Do you think it's safe to intrude on her?" I asked, nibbling on my lower lip.
Gavin glanced at me briefly before returning his attention to the road in front of him.
"I won't let anything happen to you," he assured me. "You should know that by now."
I nodded, feeling heat creep up my cheeks.
"I know," I breathed, my voice coming out as a whisper. "That's not what I meant." "You have nothing to worry about."
He gave my hand a gentle squeeze, and I felt the warmth going from him to me, and my heart skipped a beat.
Every mile closer felt like a step toward something life-changing... answers... truth... maybe even something I wasn't ready to hear yet. After another thirty minutes of nothing but trees, Gavin slowed the car and turned onto a narrow dirt road that looked like it hadn't been driven on since the 90s. The branches overhead knitted together thickly enough to block out most of the sun.
By the time we reached a clearing, my heart was pounding so hard that it felt like it echoed in my ears. Her house sat at the far end—if you could call it a house.
It looked more like a forgotten cabin swallowed by the woods, vines crawling up the walls, the windows half obscured, the wood worn and dark from age. Smoke curled from the chimney, soft and thin.
"Looks like she's home," Gavin murmured, motioning with his head towards the car in the makeshift driveway.
I let out a shaky breath I hadn't known I was holding until that moment. Gavin parked the car, and we both sat there for a moment longer than necessary, just staring at the house.
"Don't leave my side," he said, and he sounded almost nervous. I nodded without hesitation as we both got out of the car.
The instant my feet hit the ground, the air changed. It was heavy and thick, like walking into a room full of static electricity. The hair on my arms rose, and a chill crept up my spine.
Gavin noticed and wrapped an arm around my shoulders, pulling me into his side as we walked up the front steps and towards the front door. The door opened before we reached it fully, and we both froze in our steps.
Coraline Blackwell didn't step out of the house. Her small frame filled the doorway like a shadow that decided to solidify. She looked older than she was, but according to Selene, Cora was Zachary's little sister. She had her silver han pulled back sharp cheekbones, and deep set eyes that looked as if they saw straight through me. But nothing about her felt fragile. If anything, she radiated authority. 
Then her eyes flickered to Gavin, and her frown deepened.
"You brought a Landry to my doorstep."
Her voice was like brittle glass; it was sharp and cold. Her words had taken me by surprise, and I took an involuntary step back. Gavin tightened his hold on me, though, keeping me by his side.
Gavin opened his mouth to speak, to
defend himself, no doubt, but
Coraline held up her hand, effectively silencing him. Which surprised me more than anything, Gavin actually closed his mouth, allowing this woman to tell him what to do with just her hand. 
"Don't speak," she told him, as if her hand gesture wasn't loud and clear enough for him to understand its meanings. After what your family had done... after what they took... You have no right to speak. You shouldn't be here. It was a mistake for you both to come."
"Gavin didn't do anything wrong," I found myself defending my mate, my anxiety turning into anger. "It was his father who did the stealing... Gavin was just a boy."
"Theft is in his blood. Like father, like son..." Coraline muttered. "It's time for you both to leave. I have nothing to offer you."
###Chapter 836
"You have answers and we have questions,” I blurted, stepping towards her.
Gavin, once again, tightened his hold on me, keeping me from moving any closer. Coraline's frown deepened even more as she looked between the two of us, her eyes narrowed and disdain written all over her face.
Her eyes finally rested on me, and for a moment, I saw her expression softening. She let out a breath and stepped aside.
"Come inside," she said, stepping away from the doorframe and allowing us entry.
Gavin put his hand on the small of my back, and I hesitantly stepped into her home, Gavin right behind me. She stared at Gavin as if she was giving him a silent threat. "Take anything... and I'll end you without hesitation," she said through her teeth.
Though she was a small woman and Gavin was a powerful Lycan, I had no doubt in my mind that she could probably do just that. Gavin looked like he believed her as well and put both his hands up.
"I'm not my father," he told her.
She stared at him for a moment longer and then nodded slowly. She turned and started to walk further into her home, giving me a chance to take in my surroundings. I wasn't sure what I wasn't entirely sure what I was expecting, maybe more dust and clutter... maybe a jar of weird herbs hanging from the ceiling like something out of a horror movie.
Perhaps I thought I would find something that showcases her witchy heritage.
But I didn't see any of that stuff; her home was surprisingly clean, organized... and simple.
The living room opened into one big space. Wooden floors, scuffed but cared for. A woven rug in muted colors. A small couch with a knitted blanket draped over the back. Shelves line the far wall, filled with old books and glass containers, some empty, some holding dried leaves, stones, or things I didn't want to examine too closely out of fear of what they could be and the powers that are inside.
A faint herbal smell hung in the air. It wasn't unpleasant... it was earthy and almost made me feel grounded.
My gaze drifted to the fireplace. A kettle sat on the metal stand above the flames, and steam drifted out of the spout. It made the whole room feel warmer, even cozy, which didn't match the tension hanging between us.
It was strange, because I know I've never been here before, but it felt almost familiar. Like the overall aura, scent, and feeling of Coraline's home felt comforting
to me... like I belonged in this very place. Like I was coming home. I dismissed the thought almost immediately because this wasn't my home... this wasn't supposed to feel familiar and comforting.
I wasn't supposed to feel safe.
Coraline led us to a small wooden table set up in front of the shelves, then turned to face me her eyes scanned me again, slow, assessing almost dissecting, and I wiggled uncomfortably in place. 
"Take a seat," she motioned for a couple of chairs that sat along the table.
Gavin and I looked at one another.
He pulled out a chair for me, and I sat down. He sat down beside me taking my hand into his and protectively holding onto me afraid to let me go. This didn't go O unnoticed by Coraline, and her eyes narrowed at our joined hands. 
“True mates.....” she murmured. “Who would have thought?"
"I'm sorry?" I asked, raising my brows.
She glanced up, her eyes narrowed.
"It's nothing," she said dismissively. "How about you just tell me why you are here?"
I swallowed the lump in my throat; Gavin gave me a reassuring hand squeeze, and I felt my heart swell knowing I had his support.
"Ms. Blackwell..." I started, unsure of what to say or how to ask the questions, prodding at my brain.
“Cora,” she interrupted. “There's no need to be formal with me.”
My cheeks flushed, and I nodded slowly.
"Cora," I repeated, starting again. "I was born 23 years ago in a hospital in neutral territory, and I know you
Qu
were there that night. You took powers out of Lila Blackwell and put them in a Moon Gem. Lila has the gem back in her possession, but it's clear that it's not responding to her positively. We were hoping you could shed some light on us and tell us why it's not responding to her." 
"The answer is simple," she said, folding her arms across her chest, her lips pressing in a thin line. "It's not responding to her because it doesn't belong to her."
My heart stopped in my chest, and my eyes widened.
"What?" I nearly gasped. "I don't understand..."
I already suspected as much, but hearing her confirm it made my head spin.
"You were right when you said that I was there that night... but you were wrong by saying that I took the powers out of Lila and placed them in the Moon Gem. It wasn't Lila... it was you."
###Chapter 837
Third Person POV
"I don't understand why you are so nervous... It's not like this is your first child," Cora teased her older brother, Zachary, who was pacing back and forth outside of Selene's hospital room. He didn't want to disturb his wife while she slept.
Sleep hadn't come easily to Selene; this had been a rather difficult pregnancy, and Selene's body had taken a serious toll. The doctors finally gave her something that allowed her a bit of comfort, and she was able to get some much-needed sleep. Zachary and Cora decided to step out of the room to give her some space, and Zachary hadn't stopped pacing since.
His wolf didn't like the idea of being away from Selene, having her out of his sight, even for a second. He was trying hard to contain his wolf's growing agitation, and Cora's teasing wasn't helping.
Zachary and Cora always had a good relationship; they really only had each other since their parents' untimely death when they were young.
"You said it yourself, this child is the most powerful witch to exist," he muttered. "Plus, this is my first daughter. I'm not sure I know how to raise a daughter."
Cora gave her brother a comforting smile.
"It's not like you're going to do this on your own," she said, putting a hand on her brother's shoulder. "You have me in your corner, not to mention Selene."
"If she survives giving birth to this baby,” Zachary said grimly, his wolf not liking those words coming out of his mouth, growling immediately. "She's weak... weaker than I had ever seen her, and she's in so much pain."
"That's why I'm here and I'm not leaving," Cora assured him. "I'll make sure she survives giving birth to this baby, and I'll make sure that this baby's magic doesn't take over her small body."
"How do you suppose you do that?" Zachary asked, narrowing his eyes.
"I read somewhere about magic transfer. Magic can be transferred to family heirlooms and kept safe until the intended owner of said magic spills their blood onto the heirloom... only then will the magic be restored."
Zachary raised his gaze to meet his sister, and he could see the seriousness of her words.
"What?" He asked, his breathing coming out in short rasps. "Are you serious?"
Cora nodded, and she pulled out a pendant from her pocket. It was wrapped in a cloth, and when she unraveled the cloth to reveal the Moon Gem, Zachary's breath hitched.
"Is that "
"Mom's Moon Gem?" She asked, nodding her head. "Yes."
"I thought it was lost years ago," he breathed, reaching out to touch the gem, but Cora pulled it back, her eyes narrowed, and her lips turned into a scowl.
"Don't touch it with your greasy fingers," she scolded. "I don't need you ruining it. It took a lot for me to keep this from you... But it was never lost. I took it and hid it for safekeeping."
His eyes snapped to hers, and they widened.
"Why would you hide it from me?"
"Because Mom asked me to before
she died," Cora admitted. "I'm not
entirely sure why. But she didn't want this to get into the wrong hands.. so she told me to keep this a secret from everyone, especially you So, I kept it hidden for all of these years." 
Zachary shook his head, disbelief clouding him. He didn't have a great relationship with his parents, at least not like the relationship Cora had with him. When they got word of their accident and went to the hospital to see them, they learned that their father died almost immediately and their mother was in critical condition, but coherent. 
She didn't want to see Zachary in
her last moments, though; she wanted to see Cora. Apparently, that tos was the reason she wanted to see Cora, and Zachary couldn't help but feel a bit hurt and confused as to why their mother didn't trust him. He was the big brother after all... you'd think she would trust him more than Cora with something like this... but that wasn't the case. 
###Chapter 838
"I don't tell you this to hurt you," Cora continued, reading his expression. "I'm telling you so you understand why I didn't tell you about this in the first place. But now I get it... she knew I would need it more than anything. I can transfer your daughter's magic and put it in this gem for safekeeping. Then you can give it to her when she's older."
Zachary stared at the gem for a long while before his head started to bob up and down.
“Okay... if you think it's possible—”
"I know it's possible," Cora said, holding up her hand. "I've been practicing with my magic, and I think I'm strong enough to be able to pull this off."
Zachary visibly relaxed, and he nodded, relieved to have his sister in his corner.
The screaming coming from Selene's room brought them back to the current moment, and Zachary's face went pale. He rushed into the room behind the doctor and a couple of nurses. Cora trailed behind them, her heart pounding heavily in her chest.
"She's crowning," the doctor said, turning to the nurse. “Be prepared to assist me. The baby is coming."
The nurse went to prep to assist the doctor, while the other nurse went to secure Selene and get her ready to give birth. Zachary looked close to passing out as he held onto Selene's trembling hands.
Cora knew she needed to do something to help ease some of the pain from Selene, but she also needed to make sure Zachary didn't pass out while aiding his mate.
"I'll get you some water," Cora told him, her voice carrying over the commotion. Zachary snapped a look at her.
"You're leaving"
She shook her head.
"I'll be back,” she assured him. “Plus, Grandma Esme will be here soon, and I might need her help with the magic transfer."
Esme had been the one to train Cora in the art of magic after all; she figured if anyone could help it... It would be her. Zachary nodded, though he looked uncertain.
Cora left the room quickly and traveled down the hallway. Her heart was beating a mile per minute, and her breathing was coming out in short gasps.
She needed to find water not only for her brother but for herself as well. She was confident when assuring Zachary, but Cora was anything but confident. She was nervous, and she needed her grandmother more than anything. 
As she rounded the corner, she ran into a body, and she froze when she stared up
at the familiar, beautiful face that glared down at her.
She couldn't help the gasp that came out of her mouth.
“Ivy?" She asked. "W...what are you doing here?"
Ivy Churchill folded her arms across her busty chest, narrowing her icy blue eyes at Cora.
"My daughter is giving birth to her baby," she said. “And you?"
"Uh... my brother's mate is giving birth today," Cora said, her cheeks flushing. She never thought she would see Ivy again, and honestly, she had hoped she wouldn't.
At one point, they used to be friends, but all of that changed during one night... one party... and the two became enemies.
"Well, isn't this an interesting
coincidence," Ivy said, a sparkle of
something in her eyes
as the
prophecy finally come true? is the
third child of your brother finally the all-powerful little girl?" 
It was clear that Ivy had been keeping tabs on the Blackwell family and was largely aware that Zachary had two boys. She was there the day that Cora's grandmother had this prophecy when they were little girls. At the time, Cora had no reason not to trust Ivy. 
She wasn't born into the Churchill family, or else they would have never trusted her. She was married into the family after her first husband divorced her, the reason behind her and Cora's falling out.
###Chapter 839
When she met Spencer Churchill, she moved her and her daughter into the
Churchill manor, and Cora thought she would never see her again. But that ended up not being true. Their paths had crossed many times since that unfortunate night.
Including the night of her parents' death. Ivy happened to be in the hospital when she overheard Cora crying to her grandmother, Esme, that the death of her parents was her fault.
Cora was in the car the evening of the accident, and she lost control of her powers, causing the car to flip over. Ivy overheard the confession, and she knew she finally had Cora where she wanted her.
"It seems you already know the answer to that," Cora said, bringing her mind back to the present moment.
"You are correct," she said. "It seems fate wanted our paths to cross once again. And it's even better because my very own daughter is expecting a little girl as well... a weak thing at that."
"What?"
Ivy rolled her eyes.
"My daughter got pregnant with a rogue's baby... can you believe that?" Ivy scoffed. "A damn rogue... worthless child... I swear. On top of that... she thought it was wise to run away from her home and give birth in this god forsaken place. What a dump of a hospital. It took a while for us to track her down, but we finally found her, and we aren't letting her out of our sights again. But I don't want that disgusting baby in our home. There's no place for rogue's blood in the home I've worked so hard to build after you tore my first home down."
Cora opened her mouth to reply, but she had no words.
“But anyways... this works out perfectly. Remember the deal we've made? I'll keep your little secret about you killing your parents in exchange for that powerful little witch."
Cora's heart stopped.
"I can't just give you my brother's baby..." Cora breathed, shaking her head. "It's not possible..."
"Sure it is," she said, rolling her eyes. "Or else I'll have my husband, a very powerful Lycan... more powerful that your brother kill the entire Blackwell family, and then we will take your baby anyway. It's up to you... Save your entire family... or let more deaths be on your hands." 
Cora's entire body trembled.
"You're so cruel," Cora whispered, tears welling in her eyes.
"You destroyed my life," she said through her teeth. "You deserve every bit of cruelty I throw at you.
You don't want to mess with the net
Churchill family... trust me... we have a way of making things disappear
anding our hands clean My
daughter won't know the difference if you switch the babies. She was never bright like that. The choice is yours. I'd choose wisely." 
Cora knew she was trapped... but she also knew she was about to take the magic out of her brother's baby anyway... so it's not like this magic would fall into the wrong hands. Not that Ivy knew that... she couldn't let prore deaths be on her hands, and she certainly couldn't let her brother find out about what happened all those years ago. 
She knew what she had to do; she just hoped she was brave enough to do it. With
her mind made up, she turned away from Ivy and went back to her brother.
###Chapter 840
Judy's POV
Tears filled Cora's eyes, which surprised me. I looked at Gavin, who gave me the same look in return, both of us confused by Cora's sudden mood shift and teary eyes. I thought about reaching out and comforting her because that was in my natural instinct.
"I have never told this story to another living soul," Cora admitted as she wiped away a fallen tear on her cheek. "But looking at you... seeing how much you look like her... I know you are the person I need to tell this story to, or you'll never know who you truly are."
"What story?" I asked, my voice coming out barely above a whisper; I feared what I was going to learn today.
"The story about what I had done..." she said softly, her eyes shifting to her hands, which were folded on her lap. She was nervous, that much was clear, and I found my heart beating faster than normal.
I was nervous too.
"Okay..." I said, cautiously. "What exactly did you do?"
She sniffled and remained silent for a while; I didn't think she was going to talk again, but she took a deep breath and lifted her gaze to meet mine.
"When I was a little girl, I was in the car with my parents and my best friend, Ivy," she said, stuttering on Ivy's name as it pained her to speak out loud. "Ivy and I were in the backseat, goofing around. My powers had just started to come through, and Ivy thought it was the coolest thing; she's never met anyone with powers before, and she wanted to see how they worked. I knew I shouldn't have been playing around with something I barely understood... I was old enough to know better... but I didn't listen to my intuition, and I started to show off some of the powers I discovered I had."
My heart thudded rapidly against my chest as nerves fluttered in my belly.
"I knew better..." Cora whispered, more tears filling her eyes. "I lost control of my powers that night, and I couldn't reel them back in... they were too powerful, and I was too new and afraid. By the time my parents realized what was happening... it was too late. The car crashed over the side of the bridge we were driving on and went straight into the ocean..."
My heart stopped in my chest.
"Oh no..." I whispered.
She sniffled and wiped at her eyes, her hands trembling.
I managed to get out as the car was sinking, and Ivy also got out... though she was
pretty badly banged up. My magic seemed to have protected me from serious
injuries, so I got out without any issues. Ivy struggled through and had to be hospitalized..."
"And your parents?" I found myself asking.
She let out a shuddering breath.
"My parents didn't make it out of the car. They were later found decomposed...” she whispered.
"Oh, Cora... I'm so sorry," I whispered, tears filling my own eyes.
Gavin wrapped an arm around me as if to anchor me, and I was grateful for his presence as I leaned into him.
"Ivy lost her memories," Cora whispered. "She woke up in the hospital not knowing who she was or where she was. She had an injury so bad that it ruined her dance career, and her vocal cords were all messed up, so she could no longer sing. She used to have such a beautiful voice and wanted to attend Juilliard after we graduated high school... but that dream never became a reality. I never told her about my part in her injuries. I tried to be her friend even though she didn't remember me or anyone in her life. Her boyfriend ended up leaving her, not able to take the stress of having her in his life any longer, and her family pretty much disowned her for not being their perfect little girl anymore... I pretty much destroyed her life." 
"And she never knew about it?" I asked.
She let out a breath.
"One evening, was speaking with my grandmother, Esme..." she said softly. "And èsme told me that one day, my brother and his girlfriend at the time would get married and have a baby. This baby was going to take after me... she was going to be extremely powerful... even more so than me. This power would someday change the world. She was going to be the perfect hybrid between a wolf and a
a wolf and a witch. She told
me this information because she knew how badly I struggled with my powers, and she couldn't imagine what it would do to this newborn baby... not to mention Selene. So, I told her that I would be there to help my brother and his future wife, and I won't let anything happen to this baby." 
She paused for another moment as she gathered her thoughts.
"I then confessed to my grandmother what had happened and that didn't want something like that happening again... I couldn't bear it if it were to happen again and I could prevent it," she said softly.
"We were at the hospital when confessed this to my grandmother, and I didn't know that Ivy was also there at the time. She overheard the confession and the prophecy, and to say she was furious and hurt... is an understatement." 
###Chapter 841
"She overheard everything?" I asked, my chest tightening.
Cora nodded.
"Yes..." she said softly. "She accused me of ruining her entire life. She was hurt and upset and told me that I deserved to rot for what I had done. Then, she told me that if this baby were that powerful, she could restore everything that she had lost. She told me that she would keep my dirty little secret from my brother and those closest to me, and maybe even one day forgive me... if she gave me this baby."
“And you agreed to it?" I asked.
She nodded.
"I was selfish and desperate to keep my brother from knowing that I was the reason we had no parents," she admitted. "Plus, I wanted Ivy's forgiveness... though our friendship was ruined after that night. I agreed to it. My grandmother told me that the baby with the power would be the third born... a girl. So, Ivy agreed to wait until that baby was born to make another appearance in my life. By then, she had somewhat redeemed her life. She married Arthur Churchill..."
I gasped at the name and looked at Gavin, whose jaw clenched.
"Levi's father?" Gavin asked.
Cora nodded grimly.
"Yes, however, she already had a daughter with her former boyfriend, who held no title and, in her eyes, wasn't good enough for her. She got pregnant with his baby and at that point had a little girl.... Megan..."
"Meg..." I whispered, tears filling my eyes. "My mother..."
Cora didn't reply to that; she cleared her throat and continued.
Ivy married Arthur and joined the two families together. Arther had a couple of kids of his own, as you already know... one of them being Levi. He was a bit older, and he was mean as can be to Meg. They tormented her... they were cruel. The whole family turned their backs on her, even her own mother. Meg had run away many times, but the family had people drag her back time and time again... then she met someone. Someone who made her feel seen for the first time in her life."
"My father..." I whispered.
She didn't reply to that either; she continued as if I hadn't said anything.
"They snuck around for a long while, and then they were found out by her family. They locked her up. She eventually escaped and tried to run away after she found she was pregnant. But once again... they were found out, and she was dragged back to their family home. They didn't let him go, though... they killed him on the spot, right in front of her. She was devastated and later she ended up running away for the final time. This time, she managed to get far enough away, and she lived in hiding for many months. And then her baby was born, and she gave birth in neutral territory..." 
I let out a breath; tears were pouring down my cheeks, listening to this tale, and Gavin's arms tightened around me like he was trying to anchor me and keep me grounded.
"Ivy and Arthur eventually found her and came to this hospital... it was around the time that Selene was about to give birth as well... at the same hospital. It was her third child.. a girl. I ran into Ivy when she was heading to see her daughter, and that was when she reminded me of our deal..." 
"To give her the baby?" I asked, my brows pinched together.
She nodded slowly.
"She figured if her daughter was to have a baby... she would want a powerful one. A child that could
make them stronger and restoret
everything that Ivy has
lost everything that I took from her when we were children. However, she didn't know that I planned to take the powers out of the baby and put it in the family heirloom that my grandmother had given me. Taking the powers out of the baby would also make the baby untraceable... so I'd be able to hide her... but I knew Ivy wouldn't stop looking for her. So, I did the only thing that I could think
to do..." 
Cora closed her eyes, letting out a shuddering breath. I dreaded what she was about to say, but I knew I needed to hear it.
"What did you do?" I dared to ask; my voice barely came out above a whisper.
She opened her eyes to look at me.
"I switched the babies," she said softly, more tears filling her eyes. "I gave them Selene's baby... and in return... Selene had theirs."
My heart fell deep into my stomach as reality came crashing down around me.
"Are you saying... Meg wasn't my mother?" I asked.
She nodded slowly.
"Meg was not your mother," she confirmed. "Your mother is Selene."
###Chapter 842
Judy's POV
I stared dumbfounded at Cora, my heart heavy in my chest. I couldn't believe what I was being told. My entire body was numb; I could hardly even feel Gavin rubbing my back, trying to soothe me, trying to bring me back to the present moment.
Cora was quiet for a long while; she was staring down at her hands, tugging at her fingers nervously. She didn't look like the confident witch I had expected, but a timid woman who had made a huge mistake in the past and had been hiding in shame for
all these years.
“That's why you disappeared,” I said softly... it wasn't a question, just an
observation that made tears glisten in her eyes. “You were ashamed of what you had done."
She nodded slowly and wiped at her tear-filled eyes.
"I couldn't let my brother or his wife know what I did... I took away their baby and gave them a rogue's child. I killed our parents... I made some huge mistakes, and I will live to regret them for the rest of my life... the only thing I had to do was leave."
"You could have stayed," I told her before I could think better of it. "From what you say... Zachary Blackwell loved you. You were his only family, and I know from Selene that he misses you dearly."
She shook her head and sniffled softly.
"I'm sorry, I've been so rude. Would you like some tea? I invited you in and told you this long story without offering you anything.”
"I'm okay," I say before she could stand and rush to the kitchen; she was avoiding the rest of the story, and I wanted to know why. I was almost desperate to know what more she had to say... what she was hiding. "Please," I say softly, reaching for her hand. "What is it? What are you afraid to tell me?"
She looked between Gavin and me, and then she let out a shuddering breath.
"My grandmother saw me switching the babies..." she told me after a beat. "I tried to explain why I was doing it, and as long as the baby had no magic, she should be safe. Her magic won't get into the wrong hands as long as Zachary and Selene keep the Moon Gem safe... however, Esme didn't want to think about such a thing. She didn't believe me that the baby would be safe. She was furious and threatened to tell Zachary what I had done. She wanted to tell Zachary everything..."
I swallowed the lump in my throat as she continued to wring her hands; I had a feeling what she was about to say, and I dreaded her next words.
"What did you do?" I asked, my voice coming out breathy.
"I used a spell to make her silent," she said softly. "She was only not supposed to spill my secrets... that's the purpose of the spell. But I somehow messed it up and made it impossible for her to speak at all."
I gasped.
"That's why she's silent?" I asked, my brows furrowed. "You cast a spell on her to force her to be silent?"
"Yes," she confirmed. "I made her silent with my magic, and she hasn't spoken a word in years."
"If you've been hiding for all these years, then how do you know all this information?" Gavin asked; I could hear the distress in his tone and the way his arm tightened around me Of course, I didn't blame him for not trusting her....she didn't trust him either, and I wasn't entirely sure why. 
She curled her lip up at him and practically hissed when she spoke.
“Because I was cursed. Call it Karma if you'd like. But I was given full sight. I can see everything that has to do with Zachary and Selene... everything that has to do with your mate."
I blinked.
"Me?"
She turned her attention back to me.
"Yes," she replied.
"And I know that you were given to a couple... because your magic was taken from you, the Churchills were never able to detect you. The Montgomery's took you away, and the Churchills weren't able to find you." 
“What happened to my... uh... what happened to Meg?" I asked, my voice heavy as
I asked that question.
"She disappeared a long time ago," Cora said softly. "I lost track of her over the years. Some say her family had her killed. Others say she ended her own life. Nobody really knows what happened for sure. I'd like to think she escaped that horrid life and started a new life. Maybe found a new love and started to live the life she had always dreamt of." 
There was a whimsical look in Cora's eyes when she spoke of Meg. She let out a breath and blinked a few times, bringing herself back to the present moment.
"I'm sorry... the past his hard to talk about."
"You knew we were coming here... didn't you?" I asked, my eyes remaining on hers.
###Chapter 843
"I did..." she replied, and then she looked at Gavin. "I also know your father stole what wasn't meant to be stolen. Your family had cost mine a great deal.”
"My father's crimes are not mine to bear," he said sharply, his eyes narrowed. "How do we even know you are telling us the truth? You want us to blindly believe that Judy is actually a Blackwell?"
Cora looked at me, not paying him any attention.
"Are you saying you don't feel the familiar ties when you are with them... perhaps have some strange dreams?" She asked, and at that moment, I knew that she already knew about everything I was feeling, and she knew about the dreams.
"Blood calls to blood," I whispered without thinking, making Gavin look at me with a deep frown.
Cora leaned back on the couch; her lips tightening into a thin line.
"Indeed," she breathed. "Do you believe me?"
I nodded without hesitation.
"I do," I replied, and then I looked at Gavin, who was giving me a questioning look. "I believe her. She's telling us the truth."
Gavin gave me a soft look before tucking a strand of long hair behind my ear, allowing his fingers to linger on my cheeks for a moment longer.
“Then that would mean the Moon Gem actually belongs to you," he said, his eyes searching my face like he was seeing me for the first time. My heart stuttered in my chest as realization dawned on me.
Gavin was right; if Cora truly was telling the truth, which I had the feeling she was, that meant the Gem belongs to me, as did the magic inside of it. I stared down at my hands, as if they were going to start doing magic on the spot.
Gavin took hold of my hands and gave them a gentle squeeze.
“That's all the information I have for you," Cora said after a long pause. "There's nothing more for me to say."
I nodded and stood to my feet; Gavin stood as well, his hand resting on my lower back, and I couldn't help but lean into him.
"Thank you for speaking with me," I said to her, reaching my hand out for her to grab. "It was very insightful."
She nodded and sucked her bottom lip into her mouth.
"I hope you know that I love my brother so much," she whispered. "One day I will return to him..... but for right now, it's better if I just stay away.
"Better for who? You or your mother? I asked for my arms to be folded across my chest.
"Both," she said without missing a beat. "You should get going, and I have a lot to do today."
I nodded.
"Then, don't let us keep you,” I replied, giving her a small smile
Not long after, we were saying goodbye for the final time. We reached Gavin's car, neither of us saying anything for a long while. My
mind was whirling with all the
information I was given this evening. I wasn't even sure where to start processing it couldn't
even
imagine what Gavin must be thinking about me right about now. 
I glanced over at him and saw his tightened Jaw, his flexing knuckles, and the way he was hyper-focused on the road before us. I knew he was lost in thought too; this was more than what he signed up for, and suddenly I had a nagging feeling in the pit of my stomach.
I placed my hands on the swell of my belly, feeling the light fluttering of my baby kicking, and my heart weighed heavily in my chest like it was made of stone.
"Are you upset?" I finally asked, breaking through the silence that consumed us.
He glanced at me briefly before returning his gaze to the road.
"Why would I be upset?" He asked.
"You've been quiet."
He let out a breath, and I watched his jaw loosen slightly.
"I guess I'm just confused. I wasn't expecting any of this," he admitted. "But I'm not upset. I'm worried. This this means the Churchill family had been looking for you and the fact that they almost had you..." His voice trailed off, and I reached over to touch his arm. 
makes your a target
“But they didn't,” I reminded him. "I'm with you, and I'm safe.”
He nodded slowly, still processing my words.
"It makes me wonder if Levi knew about this all along," he murmured. "He's been cryptic about your identity, and now I'm curious more than ever about it.”
"Me too," I admitted.
"This also means the Moon Gem is in the wrong hands. It's burning Lila because it knows it doesn't belong to her... it belongs to you."
"Which means I'm the one who can break whatever hold Chuck has on Irene..."
Reality came crashing down, and I suddenly felt the weight of the world on my shoulders.
###Chapter 844
Judy's POV
The drive home was longer than expected; Gavin kept glancing at me periodically like he expected me to just vanish at any moment. I felt like I might if I were to be honest with myself. I felt like I was about to sink into the chair and allow the world to swallow me whole. I felt breakable, like I might shatter if touched.
I didn't expect my conversation with Cora to end the way it did. I'm not sure what I was expecting... but to be the heiress of the Blackwell family, it was a little bit too much for me to handle. I felt a bit sick to my stomach at the very thought of it.
That meant my family... my birth family... had been right under my nose the entire time, and Lila was meant to be a Montgomery... not a Blackwell. That didn't sit right with me either; I loved my adoptive parents. They were everything I needed and then some... I knew Lila would never appreciate them the way I did. Then again, maybe she would be different if she grew up with them.
Then would I be different as well?
I wouldn't need to make money because I would have the Blackwell fortune, so I wouldn't need to work as a tutor to Matt, and I probably wouldn't have gotten to know Gavin the way I did.
Would Lila be the one who worked for Gavin? Would she be the one he fell in love with? Had a baby with?
I felt green at the thought and a bit woozy.
"Where did you go?" Gavin asked, reaching over and taking a gentle hold of my hand, bringing me back to the present moment.
I blinked a few times and looked over at him.
“I just got lost in thought,” I admitted. "Things would have been so different if we had never been switched."
He frowned, and I felt his thumb tracing small circles on my knuckles.
"But you were switched. You shouldn't be thinking about the what-ifs.”
I knew he was right, but I couldn't help myself.
"It could have been her you fell in love with—”
"I'm going to stop you right there," he said a bit too sharply. "Because I could never fall in love with anyone else other than you. You are my mate, and I don't think your upbringing has anything to do with that. No matter what life we live, I will always find you."
My heart swelled at his admission, and tears suddenly filled my eyes. He glanced at
me, a smirk playing on his lips.
"Are you crying?" He asked, teasingly.
I felt my cheeks heating as I wiped away the tears.
"Pregnancy hormones," I said with a choked laugh.
“Mhm,” he said, clearly not believing me, but he had a smile on his face, which caused a smile to form on my face as well.
When we pulled into the villa lot, I was surprised to see Nan's car in one of the parking spaces. The moment was out of the car, Nan rushed down the front steps of the villa and towards me. Her eyes were wide with worry and Lcould practically see the anxiety rolling off her in waves. 
Before I could open my mouth to say anything, her arms were wrapping around me,
and she was pulling me into a tight hug.
"Judy, you had me worried sick," she breathed. "How could you not answer your phone? I called you like a million times."
I frowned at her words as I pulled back. She was pale, and it was clear she was stressed. I hated that caused her worry but wasn't sure what I had done to make her worry so badly. 
I reached into my bag and pulled out my phone, trying to turn it on, and I frowned even deeper.
"Sorry, I guess my phone died," I informed her before shoving it back into the bag and turning to look at her.
She tucked a long strand of hair behind her ear and peered at me with glossy eyes, making my heart feel even heavier in my chest than it had been previously.
"Is everything okay?" I asked her. "Is it Emalyn? Chester?"
Suddenly, panic was seizing me, and I was coming up with the worst scenarios.
"They are both fine,” she told me, waving off my concern. "But Erik told me where you were going and why, and I was beyond scared that something would happen."
###Chapter 845
"I had Gavin with me," I told her, glancing over my shoulder at Gavin, who stood behind us, giving us a moment to talk.
She nodded.
"Yeah, but we don't know this Coraline person. For all I know, she's this all-powerful witch who wanted to cause you harm. She didn't do anything to you, did she?"
I shook my head.
"I promise you, I'm okay," I assured her.
Her eyes searched mine, not fully convinced, but she didn't poke any further. She let out a breath and nodded as she stepped away from me.
"How did things go?" Nan asked.
"Maybe we should talk about this later," Gavin said, draping a protective arm around my shoulders. "It's been a long day, and Judy needs to rest. She's exhausted."
I nodded in agreement, though I wanted to tell Nan everything that happened;
something inside of me was telling me to keep it quiet for right now, at least until I can understand what's happening and what I need to do next.
Nan frowned as she studied my face.
"How about we have a movie night?" She asked. "We can forget about everything and just hang out... like old times.....”
She looked so hopeful that I didn't want to deny her, so I nodded.
"A movie night sounds great," I told her.
"I'll make you girls some popcorn," Gavin said, kissing my cheek softly before he retreated and went inside.
I smiled at his back, my heart swelling with love and joy at the sight of him. Nan looped her arm through mine and guided me towards the front door.
"You'll eventually clue me in, though, right?" She asked, keeping her tone hushed.
"Of course,” I assured her. “Don't worry. I'll tell you everything soon enough, but trust me... It's a doozy."
"I'm on the edge of my seat," she teased.
We spent the next couple of hours eating popcorn, mindlessly gossiping, and
watching a cheesy rom-com. By the time the movie started to come to an end, I began drifting off to sleep, my head barely able to remain lifted and my eyes heavy with exhaustion.
Nan said goodnight to me and hugged me before returning home to her mate and baby. I went upstairs only to find that our bedroom was empty. Met out a breath and went towards Gavin's
office. I wasn't surprised
o see him
sitting behind his desk, his eyes
glued to something on his
computer. 
FindNovel.net
I knocked lightly on the open door and leaned against the frame. His gaze shifted to
me, and he gave me a faint smile.
"Getting ready for bed?" He asked.
I nodded.
"Yeah, Nan just left," I told him. "I was hoping you'd be in bed waiting for me."
"Sorry, babe. I had some work I needed to catch up on. I'll only be a few more minutes. I'll join you soon," he assured me.
I smiled at him.
"I'll hold you to that," I teased before pushing myself off the doorframe and turning away from him. “Please don't be long."
I left without another word,
retreating to our bedroom where I closed the door behind me and sank down onto my bed. I moved to my side, resting my hand gently over my stomach. At this moment, it was just my baby and me, and I felt more connected to him than ever. 
My eyes were heavy, and though I wanted to wait until Gavin returned before I fell asleep, it was a losing battle. I started to drift off to sleep, the villa quiet and lulling me past my breaking point.
And then it happened.
A high-pitched howl ripped through the villa grounds, violent and sharp.
I bolted upright, my breathing heavy as my chest heaved as I fought to catch my breath. I heard Gavin's
I what
wolf growling before I knew the
was truly happening, and I felt moment he left the villa. I ran towards the doorway and through it, only to run directly into Erik. 
“Erik?" I asked, my breath ragged. "What's going on? Where's Gavin?"
"You need to stay in here," Erik told me. "And I have to check on Irene... but you need to promise me you'll stay here, Judy."
"Tell me what's going on," I said, tears blurring my vision. "What's happening, Erik?”
"There was an attack,” he said, his eyes finding mind. "Rogues... they are attacking the pack."
###Chapter 846
Gavin's POV
I could smell them before I could hear them. I knew immediately that something was wrong. Rogues didn't usually come this close to my territory. Not like this, at least. Not without a death wish. And they sure as hell didn't move with this kind of
purpose.
They weren't wandering; they weren't hunting for food. They were heading straight for my damn house.
I shifted mid-run, muscles cramping, bones reshaping. The wolf took over fast; my vision sharpened, scent exploding in my nose. Two rogues—male, underfed, and desperate.
A growl ripped from my throat, so loud it echoed across the yard.
I wasn't the only one who smelled the rogues; Erik was there, as well as a few of my other gammas. They were ready for a fight. I turned to Erik, my wolf's eyes blazing with pent-up fury.
"I need you to check on Judy," I told him. "And Irene and Matt. I need to make sure my family is safe. There are gammas inside still, but I need someone I trust to keep an eye on them."
"I need to see Irene," he growled back through our shared mindlink.
"I need you to do this for me, Erik. Make sure my mate is okay. Irene is strong and can handle her own for a minute. I doubt any rogues got inside, but I need to be sure that my family is safe. All of them."
Erik's large wolf nodded his head before he turned and darted towards the villa. I didn't waste any more time; I turned back towards the rogues. The first rogue lunged towards the steps leading up to the back door. I slammed into him before he got halfway, teeth tearing into his shoulder. He yelped but kept fighting like something bigger than fear was pushing him.
The second rogue darted along the fence, and Taylor barreled into him, knocking a snow patch. They rolled, sapped, clawed, and kicked up dirt. I didn't even realize Taylor had joined the fight until he was there. His wolf was large and prominent as he swung around to face me; blood already in his teeth from a recent rogue he had fought.
I stared at my Beta with pride.
The rogue I had tackled moments ago twisted beneath me, foam at his mouth; his eyes were glazed over. I finished him fast, snapping his neck cleanly. No hesitation and no mercy.
Taylor ended his rogue a few seconds later, panting hard as blood dripped down his jaw.
"You good?" He asked through our shared mindlink.
I didn't answer him.
I lifted my head, scanning upward until I found the window. Until I found her
silhouette. I knew she was watching me, and my heart ached at the thought of her seeing the gruesome scene before her.
She was safe... that was all I needed
to know, but the fear in her eyes
proved that she was shaken. I
ет
wanted to pull her into my arms and teller that it was going to be okay, that wasn't going to let them get to her. That I wouldn't let them into our home... or touch our family. 
My wolf surged forward, claws scraping the ground, and every instinct screamed the
same thing:
Protect her.
Protect them.
I tackled another rogue to the ground, baring my teeth at him. He
shifted into his human form, his eyes were
continued to snarl at me, bet
I wild, and he
he was
much weaker and able to speak with words. 
FindNovel.net
I shifted too, and without hesitation, I bared my teeth at him.
"Why are you in my territory?" I asked, my voice booming across the yard.
His eyes narrowed.
"We came for her," he hissed back.
"Who?"
“The future Luna. We came to bring her back.....” the rogue growled.
My blood ran cold.
Judy. They came here for Judy. That meant they knew the truth about her... they knew that she was the true Blackwell Heiress. They knew she was the witch and the true owner of the Moon Gem.
My heart slammed against my
ribcage. Without thought, I snapped his neck, killing him instantly. I turned and ran towards the villa doors shoving them open; the door
rattled on the hinges. My heart was
Str pounding when stormed up the
stairs, my breath ragged
I burst through the bedroom door, and Judy whipped around from the window, her
eyes wide and her breathing hitched.
"Gavin?" She asked, her heart pounding so loudly that I could hear it.
I rushed towards her and wrapped her in my arms, pulling her into them immiedalty,
holding her like I needed the contact just to breathe right.
###Chapter 847
She felt small against me; soft and trembling.
"I spoke to one of them," I murmured against her, kissing the top of her head. "They are here for you."
Her entire body tensed, and she peeked up at me with worried eyes.
"Me?" She asked. "Why? Why would they come here for me?"
"Whoever tipped them off to your location knows exactly where you live," I told her, holding her even closer to me like I was afraid she would slip from my grasp at any moment.
Her heartbeat kicked faster under my palm.
I pulled her even tighter.
"Don't be scared. They aren't getting close to you... I promise you with my life I will not let them touch you," I told her, running my fingers through her dark strands of hair.
"What about Irene and Matt?" She asked, her heart suddenly skipping a beat. "Are they okay? Did you check on them?"
"They aren't after them, but yes, I sent Erik to them," I reassured her. "You have nothing to worry about. Our family is safe."
She let out a breath, though her body didn't relax.
I couldn't blame her for not relaxing, though I wanted her to relax because of the baby inside her belly. She couldn't handle this kind of stress right now. Inside, the fury was continuing to build rapidly; it was dark and violent as I thought about the hit on my mate.
Someone targeted my pregnant mate. Someone had dared to use rogues to get to her. Someone actually thought they could take her from me. I lowered my mouth to her forehead as I spoke to her.
"I'm going to find out who did this. And when I do, they are not going to walk away."
She swallowed hard.
"Gavin "
"You're safe..." I said firmly. "You're not leaving my sight. Not tonight, not tomorrow, not until I know exactly what we're dealing with."
She didn't argue, which worried me. I looked down at her flushed cheeks, brushing my thumb along her cheek.
"I've got you," I whispered. "No one is taking you from me."
She let out a breath and stood on her toes to brush her lips across mine.
"I love you," she whispered against my lips.
I deepened the kiss, brushing my tongue across her bottom lip and sucking it into her mouth. She let out a breathy moan, and the sound went straight to my cock. I knew now wasn't the time for this, considering there were still some rogues to deal with and a person to find... but having her in my arms like this was
all I really needed and wanted right
now. 
FindNovel.net
I held her tighter in my arms, deepening the kiss even more, needing to be as close
to her as possible.
A knock on the door made me
groan. She smiled against my lips as
I pulled back. Neither of us wanted
person on the other side o
to part, but I already knew the
was Taylor and he was "
door
interrupting me right now, it meant there was something serious he needed to tell me. 
I kissed the top of Judy's head and nuzzled my nose against her.
"I need to get that," I told her, keeping my tone low so only she could hear me.
She nodded, already knowing. She kissed me briefly before she stepped back. I turned away and went to the door pulling it open to find Taylor standing on the other side. He looked beaten, but I knew the rogues were in worse shape than he was. 
"What happened?" I asked.
He glanced over my shoulder at Judy and looked relieved.
"She's okay,” he said before looking at me. "I checked on Irene and Matt, and they are okay, too. Erik is with them."
I nodded, relieved to hear that. I was going to check on them next, but I trusted that Erik had it handled already. He wouldn't let anything happen to them, and I could bet my life on that.
“Good,” I said in return, putting my hand on his shoulder. I could tell there was something more he wanted to say. "What more do you have to say?"
He let out a breath.
"Daisy Baldwin is here..." he said, shocking me. “It seems she's working with the rogues, and she wants to speak to Judy. Lila is with her."
###Chapter 848
Judy's POV
My heart stopped in my chest. Daisy and Lila wanted to speak with me... I looked up at Gavin, and I could see his jaw tense. His eyes blazed with protection and anger.
"She's not going anywhere," Gavin said through his teeth.
I swallowed hard, stepping back just enough to get a good look at him, meeting his eyes. He was determined to keep our little family safe.
“I should talk to them," I spoke the words before my mind could fully catch up. "Gavin, if they're asking for me... It's not random."
"It doesn't matter," he snapped. "They sent rogues to the house, Judy. To you. And now they want you to just scroll over there alone? Absolutely not."
"I won't go unprotected. You can come with me, and so will some of the gammas," I told him, stepping closer to him.
"I don't trust them," he said, turning to look at me. “I can't—”
"Gavin "
“No,” he said sharply, closing the gap between us; his hands gripping my arms, gentle but full of frustration. "You're pregnant. Those rogues could have taken you, and now I'm supposed to let you walk towards the people responsible?"
"They sent rogues to get me; we don't know what they wanted," I say, my eyes narrowed. "For all we know, they just want to talk."
"And if they don't?" He asked, narrowing his eyes right back at me. "If they try to take you? What happens then.... I can't lose you, Judy."
He pressed his forehead against mine and took in a deep breath.
I closed my eyes, breathing him in as well.
"You won't," I assured him. "You'll be there the entire time, and you'll protect me... I know you will. I trust you more than anyone in this world, Gavin. You won't let anything happen to me. Please... I need to see what they want, and if anything, I need to get that Moon Gem from Lila. According to Cora, it belongs to me. I don't want it in her hands any longer."
He stepped back, dragging a hand through his hair. He looked like he wanted to punch a wall, and I wanted to reach out and comfort him, but I stood my ground. Taylor stood awkwardly in the doorway, his eyes shifted to the ground, refusing to look at either of us.
"You're asking me to let you walk into danger... again. You shouldn't be worried about stuff like this...we have a wedding to plan and a future to work towards. A baby to prepare for...a Luna ceremony to hold."
I reached up and touched his cheek, holding it and making his eyes meet mine.
"And we will plan for all of that," I said, my voice a soft whisper. “I promise you...I will be walking down that aisle and marrying you. I will be having your baby and standing by your side as your Luna. But want what belongs to me... I want to know where I came from. I want to hear what they have to say and figure out what they know." 
He was quiet for a long while, both of us staring at one another like we held the answers to everything.
He soon let out a breath and bent to brush his lips across mine.
"I'm coming with you."
"I know," I say without hesitation.
"And so are some of the other gammas. You won't be alone with them even for a second."
"I know," I said again, a smile tugging at the corner of my lips.
After a moment, he nodded.
"If anything feels wrong, I'm getting you out of there," he promised, cupping my face
in his warm hands. "Swear to me that you won't take risks."
"I promise," I say without hesitation.
He nodded, looking relieved, though his body still held tension.
I grabbed my jacket off a chair and headed towards the door. Taylor stepped aside so I could walk through it. Before we left, we
checked in on Irene and Mattinet
who
were sitting in frene's bedroom Erik leaning against the far wall one of them was talking, and Irene's face was flushed; she refused to look at Erik, and he looked utterly miserable. But he was there to protect them, and I was grateful for that. 
Erik and Gavin exchanged some words; he explained what was going on, and
though Erik also protested about us walking into the lion's den, he knew better than
to argue. Soon, we were leaving, my heart heavy in my chest.
The outside was much quieter than it had been most of the rogues were either gone. or dead. I tried not to look at the dead bodies on the ground and tried not to feel sick at the sight of them continued to walk through the villa yard, my mind whirling. 
###Chapter 849
Leaves rustled; the air shifted, and two figures emerged from the shadows as we reached the forest grounds.
I knew right away that it was Daisy Baldwin; her eyes were wide as she stepped forward, and then I saw Lila standing beside her. Something started to glow in the cloth she was holding.
Daisy's eyes widened even more when she saw it glowing.
"So... it's true then," she whispered.
Lila shook her head, tears filling her eyes.
"No... it can't be... I'm the heiress. I'm the one the gem belongs to," Lila tried to argue, but Daisy curled her lip.
"Clearly not," Daisy practically hissed. "I told you something wasn't right, Lila. I told you that the gem doesn't respond to you in the way that it should. It burns you for crying out loud. It isn't normal... It's not your blood that it wants; it's hers. It glowed more than it ever glowed when she was at the manor; you saw it just as you see it now. it wants her... It's her. She's the heiress."
"How is that possible...?" Lila asked, continuing to shake her head. "It shouldn't be possible."
"But it is," Daisy said, folding her arms across her chest. “Levi Churchill had told me once that things aren't as they seem. I didn't know what he meant at the time, but now I do."
"Enough of this," Gavin said, stepping closer to me, his protection wrapping around me like a cozy blanket. "You wanted to speak with her, and now she's here. Say what you must, and then we will be on our way."
Daisy narrowed her eyes at us, and then her eyes found mine.
"Your blood will activate this gem... and then we will all get what we want," she said, her eyes pouring into mine. “Please... you have to help me."
“Help you?" I asked, finally finding my voice. "Help you with what?"
Tears filled Daisy's eyes, and for the first time since knowing her, I saw vulnerability.
"I need to break my ties with someone... I have to be set free, or I won't survive it
any longer. I can't... I can't continue on this way," she said, shaking her head as she looked away from me.
"No," Lila said, turning away from us.
"It's mine... she can't have it. You didn't tell me that's why we were coming here. I thought we were going to end her so her powers. would be transferred to me. You said the person who kills her will gain her magic, and then I'll be the true heiress after all." 
Daisy rolled her eyes.
"Did you really believe that?" Daisy said, turning her attention to Lila, whose eyes were wide and panicked. "That's not how it works. You won't get her magic if you kill her. I only needed you to bring the gem here so I can give it to its true owner."
"What about the rogues?" Gavin asked, folding his arms across his chest. "You sent them after Judy."
"I sent them to get her. I didn't think she'd come here willingly," Daisy admitted.
"They could have hurt her," Gavin said through his teeth.
"And face a death wish?" Daisy asked, raising her brows. "They knew the consequences."
The gem started to glow even more, and I felt myself being pulled towards it; it was
a hypnotizing feeling, and I struggled to keep myself grounded.
"There has to be more to it," Gavin said, his lip curling as he glared at Daisy. "What more do you want?"
"Freedom is at ask for. I have been tied to Noah Blackwell for far too long... doing his bidding, being his side piece and tied to him more ways than I can count he has rare gift where he can mate with multiple women, and it makes me want to die every single time. I can't live like that anymore... I can't..." 
“You selfish bitch!” Lila snapped, her fury getting the best of her, and she was just about to slap Daisy in the face for betraying her, but then she screamed out in pain and dropped the gem to the ground, her hands red from the burn.
I stepped back, not sure what had just happened, but then the gem flew at me so fast that I could hardly grasp it. Gavin was quick to move and tried to grab it before it reached me, but it was too late. It jabbed my shoulder blade, and screamed out in pain as fell to the ground. felt the warmth of my blood seeping through my shirt, and Gavin's scream was the last thing I remembered hearing before everything faded to black. 
###Chapter 850
Gavin's POV
Judy went limp in my arms before I even had a chance to process what I'd just
seen. I tried to protect her from the gem; it flew at her so fast I barely even noticed it moving. I wrapped my arms around her just as it hit her body. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she started to fall. But I had her in my arms before she could hit the ground.
It wasn't until she went limp that I realized the gem had lodged itself into her shoulder blade. Blood started to seep through her shirt, and the gem was glowing so bright that it was difficult to see. It made the nighttime look like pure daylight, and I had to squint to see Judy's wound properly.
Her breathing was so shallow that I feared that it wasn't there; I could hardly think straight through the roaring of my ears. My wolf was in a complete state of panic after watching my mate get impaled by the Moon Gem and pass out.
Chaos exploded around us. Didn't register what was happening as I held onto Judy... my eyes fixed on her paling features. Gammas were rushing towards us... my head Gamma, Derek, in the lead. His eyes were wild as he looked around, trying to figure out what the threat was.
Taylor was also there, and he was the one who saw Judy first; his eyes wide and his face pale.
"What the fuck," he said under his breath before his eyes darted to Lila and Daisy, who stood slack-jawed... Lila was red in the face and looked like she was about to take off at any moment.
"Don't let them get away," I said through my teeth, trying to keep my wolf calm.
As predicted, Lila tried to make a run for it... But Daisy stood rooted to the ground, her eyes never leaving Judy's face.
Taylor was quick to capture Lila before she could get away.
"It's not fair!” She screeched, tears burning in her eyes. "It was supposed to be me. It's supposed to choose me. It's my magic... I'm the heiress... it belongs to me."
"No... You are not," a voice said from nearby, making us all jerk around to find a shadow inching forward.
My warriors were already armed and ready for a fight, but then she came into view, and I held up my hand, causing them to freeze. My entire body froze in shock when I saw who was approaching us.
I had no idea how it was possible.
"W...what?" Lila stammered, her eyes wide and startled to find her grandmother, Esme, approaching her... on her foot. "Grandma"
"You are not my grandchild,” Esme said through her teeth; her eyes narrowed and turned into slits. "You are nothing but a disgrace. You have been since the day you were born."
Lila's face went pale.
“H...how are you talking?” Lila asked, voicing the question that I had as well. "In all the years I have known you... You have never spoken a word.”
"You are not my grandchild," she said again, her voice hoarse from years of disuse. "And you knew it... You've always known it."
Lila's lip quivered, and her face was paling even more. She tried to break free from Taylor's hold, but he wasn't budging.
I clutched Judy tighter against my chest; I was carrying her bridal style, ready to get her out of here. I needed to find Eliza.
"Taylor, where's your mate?" I asked, my eyes remaining on Esme. I didn't trust her not to try anything... I knew the reason why Esme hadn't spoken all these years but I still didn't trust her. Not while Judy was at her most vulnerable. 
Taylor glanced at his wristwatch.
"Probably wrapping up in her clinic by now," he replied.
"I need to get to her before she leaves," I said, backing away. "I need to make sure Judy and the baby are okay."
"They are both fine," Esme said as she turned to look at me. “Just relax. She will wake up soon enough."
I turned Judy so she wasn't in view
of Esme, and my eyes turned into slits as stared at the old woman. She was standing... which meant her years of using a wheelchair fad been a lie content 
I wondered what else she was keeping from us.
Had Judy been right when she said she saw Esme in her dreams? Had she been the cause of those dreams?
Both my protective instinct and wolf were urging me to get Judy out of here as soon as possible.
“I understand that you do not trust me, Alpha,” Esme said, her eyes fixed on my face. “But I am not the one you need to worry about."
I didn't have patience for cryptic
warnings not with Judy
ffer
unconscious in my arms and the Moon Gem lodged in her shoulder My grip tightened even more
instinctively. 
###Chapter 851
"Then who the hell should I worry about?" I snapped.
Esmee's gaze flickered toward Lila, who was sobbing and trying uselessly to pry Taylor's hands off her arms.
“Her family is still out there,” Esme said. “And they won't stop until Judy is found. Now that Gem has been restored, and the magic has been placed inside of its rightful host... they can now sense the shift... they will know she is here, and they will come to get her."
I let out a deadly snarl that could bring chills to the darkest soul. Anger flared inside of me.
"Over my dead body," I snarled, my voice gravely as I fought to control my wolf.
Esme blinked, seemingly unaffected.
"I mean you no harm, Alpha... you must believe me," she said, her tone calm. "I only intend to help... Judy is my family after all... and we always protect our own."
"Your family?" I asked, my eyes narrowed. "What are you talking about?"
"She is my grandchild... the rightful heiress to the Blackwell empire and the true host of magic."
I blinked, confused by what she was saying. I didn't have time for this.
"Get her to your doctor," Esme said, her eyes flickering to Judy's face despite my best efforts to shield her. “I know it'll make you feel better and think more rationally once you know for sure that she is going to be okay. But please... when she wakes... allow me time to speak with her. Our talk is long over-do."
A thoughtful look crossed over Esme's face.
I almost told her no and that she would never speak with my mate. But then I thought of Judy...she's been wanting to know about her family for some time now. She would never forgive me if I kept something like this from her... something this important...another piece to her puzzle.
She would want to speak to Esme to get more information. That was how Judy was, and I loved that about her.
"Fine," I said after a moment of pause. "You may enter my territory under the guise of 3 of my best warriors and my Beta. I will give you supervised time to speak to Judy... I will not leave her side. You are to keep your hands to yourself, and if you step out of line or do something questionable, I'll have you removed and banned from ever setting foot on my territory again. I don't give a fuck if I just became partners with your son." 
A small smile tipped the corner of her lips, and she nodded her head once.
"I will abide by your rules," she said softly. "I have a feeling what I have to say is something you'd both want to hear anyway. As I said, I only want to help mean neither of you any harp, and must keep if I my
distance to prove that to you... It's a
small price that I will pay
I stared at her for a moment longer before I finally pulled my eyes away from her and onto Taylor. He met my gaze and gave me a firm nod; I didn't have to tell him what to do... he already knew.
Without much thought, I turned and
started towards the back. My movements were quick. I ran with the speed of a thousand wolves; my feet hating the pavement once we broke through the gearing othe woods. 
I jumped over the dead rogues on the ground, not even batting an eye at them.
Eliza's clinic came into view, and seeing that the light was still on, I let out a breath. She was still there...she can help.
I burst through the doors; the waiting area was empty, not even Eliza's assistant was seated at her desk. But Eliza quickly rushed through the doors, her eyes wide at the sudden commotion.
"What happened?" Eliza asked, rushing to keep up with me as I stormed past her and towards her office.
"The Moon Gem impaled Judy. She lost a lot of blood, and she won't wake up,” I said over my shoulder.
"Get her on the bed and let me take a look,” Eliza said as she put on her latex gloves.
I put Judy on the bed, reluctant to pull away from her. I knew that I needed to give Eliza space, but the thought of parting from Judy made my wolf feral.
Eliza stood beside me, and she looked up, determination raw in her eyes.
"You can stay here... I know your wolf is panicking right now. Just hold her hand and
let me do my job. I promise you... I will make sure that both your mate and baby are okay."
“Thank you,” I managed to whisper, and for the first time, the moment I let myself relax and really take in Judy's disheveled and pale features... tears filled my eyes.
###Chapter 852
Third Person POV
Selene's heart skipped an erratic beat, and a wave of dizziness suddenly washed over her. She swayed on her feet slightly, having to use her vanity before she fell to the ground. She blinked a few times, lifting her gaze to meet her own eyes.
She looked normal... but something inside of her changed. Something was happening... she just wasn't sure what it was.
“Selene?” She heard her husband's voice before she saw him at the doorway of her walk-in closet. “Have you seen my mother? She isn't anywhere.”
"No," Selene said, her eyes remaining on her own, like she was trying to recognize herself.
"Something is happening," Zachary said. "I could feel it."
Selene blinked.....so she hadn't been the only one. She turned to face her husband and mate, her eyes wide.
"You felt it too?"
He blinked.
"Yes," he said, stepping towards her. "I could feel... the shift."
"What do you suppose it means?" Selene asked.
Zachary opened his mouth to speak, but was interrupted by another voice.
"It means that the true host of magic has awoken at last."
They both turned and gawked as Cora stepped through the door. Her eyes were shifting between Zachary and Selene, her lip sucked into her mouth as she fought to keep herself steady. Selene could tell that she was nervous; she kept running her hands up and down the skirt of her dress, and Selene could practically hear her heart beating out of her chest.
Cora let out a shuddering breath, her nose and cheeks pinkening slightly.
"I'm sorry to just walk in..." Cora said softly. "I never used to knock... I suppose old habits are hard to overcome."
"Cora..." Zachary breathed, his eyes wide. "H...how? When...? W...where?" He tried to ask, but each question failed to pass his lips.
"I know you must have a million questions," Cora said, tears filling her eyes. "You must hate me for abandoning you all those years ago. And if you don't already hate me... then you soon will. I have done you so wrong, Brother, and I am so sorry... this is all my fault..."
Zachary stepped towards his sister.
"Cora...I thought... I thought something happened to you," he said, reaching out to touch her. "Are you really here?"
Cora nodded.
"Yes, I am really here..." she said. "I
wasn't going to come back...but then she came to me and I knew I
couldn't stay
away any long
Have
ruined so many lives, and for that,
my debt will never be repaidd am so sorry..." 
Tears flooded her cheeks as she cried. Zachary didn't think twice; he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close. He tried to soothe her she had when they were sure why she
children. He wavere
was so upset and what was going on, but he knew that he didn't want her to feel bad about anything. 
Selene was also confused; she adored Cora when they were younger. She was the kindest in the Blackwell family and actually made
friends with Selene when Selene manied Zachary, rather than, shunning her as the rest of the family did. 
Then, right after Lila's birth, she just disappeared. It broke Zachary's heart, and after years of no contact, he assumed the worst. It broke him, but at the same time brought him a bit of peace to lay her to rest.
"I am so sorry," Cora continued to sob, her body trembling.
"What do you have to be sorry about?" Zachary asked. "Why did you leave, Cora?"
She pulled away, her bottom lip trembling.
“I am the reason they are dead.....” she whispered; her voice was so low, Selene almost didn't hear her.
"Who?" Zachary asked, his brows furrowed. "Cora, you aren't making any sense.” "Our parents," she blurted. "I am the reason they are dead..."
Zachary let out a low chuckle, shaking his head.
"They were in a car accident, Cora. That wasn't your fault..."
She shook her head, her lip trembling even more.
"Don't you remember? Mom and Dad were taking my best friend, Ivy, and me to dance class at the time."
Zachary nodded.
“Yes... and then I got a call saying that there's been an accident and I needed to come to get you right away."
She nodded and let out a shuddering breath.
"In the backseat of the car, I was showing off my magic to Ivy, and I lost control of it," she admitted, looking away shamefully. "I was the reason we got into the car accident...I was the reason they are dead."
Zachary's heart broke at her confession, but he tried not to show it in the sake of his sister.
###Chapter 853
"You were only a child, Cora," he said, shaking his head as he stepped closer to her. "You didn't know any better, and it was an accident. You can't beat yourself up over something that happened when you were a kid."
"But I'm the reason they were killed," Cora said softly. "And the reason Ivy lost everything."
"What?" Selene asked, her brows furrowing together. "What are you talking about?"
Cora glanced over at Selene.
"I'm the reason Ivy Churchill lost everything... she can no longer dance or sing... at least not like she used to. I took away her only goals in life...she lost so much, and she blamed me for it. She threatened me, and I had no choice but to do what I did."
"You were best friends with Ivy Churchill?" Selene asked, her heart thudding against her chest.
She knew Ivy well, and the two never got along. She was as evil as they come. She spotted her at the hospital the day Lila was born, and the iciness in her eyes was something that Selene could never forget. A chill crept up her spine at the very thought of that nasty woman.
A woman who only cared about herself.
"Used to be,” she said softly. "Until I made her lose everything she's worked so hard for... and now she can't stand me. I am so sorry..."
"Stop apologizing, Cora. You didn't do anything wrong. It's okay..." Zachary tried to reassure her.
"I did, though,” Cora said, shaking her head quickly. “I killed our parents and took Ivy's goals in life away. I made her life miserable to the point where her own family disowned her. She ended up having a baby with someone she didn't love and named the baby Megan. When that relationship fell apart, she turned to the Churchill family, where she eventually married Arthur. Megan was so young when they moved her into the Churchill manor. She was mistreated by literally everybody, including Ivy ..."
"I don't understand... how do you know all of this?"
“Because I was cursed with true sight," Cora admitted.
Selene couldn't help but gasp; true sight was scarce, but Selene had heard of it. It meant that Cora could see the big picture just by touching someone. She knows their past and everything there is to know about. somebody without having to ask them. Selene didn't think of it as a curse, though... it seemed like a gift. But telling from the look on Cora's face, maybe it wasn't what Selene had thought it was. 
"Ivy was there when I went to the hospital... she overheard my conversation with grandmother,"
Cora continued, her eyes fixed omet
the ground. "She heard Esme's prophecy about the third baby born to the Blackwell name... a girl... the host of magic. And she wanted to use that against me in hopes that everything she had lost and then some would be restored to her. She was hungry with power, and I knew it, but I still let her use me..."
"You aren't making any sense, Cora. What exactly happened?" Zachary asked, his brows now furrowed. "What exactly did Ivy make you do?"
"She wanted that magic... she wanted the host of magic so she could exploit her power," Cora muttered, her nose crinkling in disgust. "She was ready to give up her entire family for that magic. And because I was so scared of you finding out the truth about our parents... I agreed to her terms."
Selene gasped again, covering her mouth with her hands.
"You agreed to give her our child?" Selene asked, disbelief etched in her voice.
Cora sobbed into her own hands, her entire body trembling. This time, Zachary didn't comfort his sister. He stared down at her, still confused, but he knew this wasn't everything... There was more, and his entire world was about to flip upside down.
"I ended up switching your baby with another one, Cora finally blurted, her cheeks reddening. "I switched her with Megan's baby. I figured once they find that she has no powers, they'd give her back. I didn't know that the baby would get adopted by another family, and because I took the magic out of your baby, they weren't able to detect her. I had disappeared out of shame for what I had done, though my curse kept me current." 
FindNovel.net
"You switched our babies?" Selene asked, her voice coming out barely above a
whisper.
“Yes,” Cora said, more tears spilling down her cheeks.
Anger flared in Selene's body.
"If Lila isn't my daughter.... Then who is? And where can I find her?"
###Chapter 854
Judy's POV
Waking up felt different. It wasn't painful like I expected it to be, and I didn't feel foggy. I just felt different. My fingers were the first to move, and then the rest of my hands, before I thought of the cushioned bed I was lying on. I recognized the scent of the room and the soft feeling of the cotton sheets beneath my almost bare body.
I was in Eliza's clinic.
I couldn't entirely remember what had happened earlier... but I knew it couldn't be good if I was lying in the clinic and my eyes were having trouble opening. However, I wasn't feeling weak... in fact, it was quite the opposite. I had this strange surge of energy surging through my veins, making me feel stronger than ever.
My breathing deepened, and I clenched my fists, feeling my fingernails digging into the palms of my hands, creating little moons.
It felt like every inch of my body had been unplugged and reconnected for the first time in my life.
My eyes blinked open slowly. The clinic ceiling came into focus first, then the warm glow of a lamp, and then there he was... sitting by my bedside, his eyes fixed on my face. I could see how worried he was when he looked down at me, and for a moment, it looked as if he had been crying.
I reached up and touched his face, making him take a sharp breath.
"Gavin..." I whispered, my voice slightly shaky. "What happened?"
"You gave me a scare... that's what happened," he said, his fingertips gliding up my arm, leaving goosebumps in their trails as he cupped my wrist and kissed the inside of it. And he lowered our clasped hands to my lap, his thumb gently rubbing circles around my knuckles.
"Sorry..." I said softly, making a slight smile twitch at the corner of my lips.
"You don't have to be sorry," he said, lowering himself and pressing his forehead against mine, inhaling a deep and steady breath. "How are you feeling?"
I hesitated as my focus began to adjust a little more and the haze of sleep started to settle.... That was a loaded question. I didn't feel the way I thought I should. I thought I'd feel weaker, but I was wrong.
I felt strong... alert... maybe a little warm... and humming. Like something inside of me was awake and stretching after a long sleep. My wolf felt more powerful as well, and my heart raced with anticipation. I had no idea what was happening, but I knew I didn't want it to stop.
The feeling was euphoric.
I looked up at him with wonder clear in my eyes.
"I feel... powerful," I admitted, exhaling slowly.
Gavin froze.
"Powerful?"
I nodded; I couldn't explain this feeling that was burning through me... but I felt more powerful than ever. I stared down at my hands, my fingers trembling.
"Yes," I breathed, my eyes glued to my hands, expecting a buzzing sensation to surface on them for whatever reason.
“Oh, good, you're awake," Eliza said as she approached. "You gave everyone quite
a scare. I'm glad to report that both you and the baby are in good health.”
I let out a breath of relief as I put my hands on my belly.
"My baby is okay?" I asked, my voice coming out barely above a whisper.
“He is,” Eliza said with a smile, tugging her lips. "You have nothing to worry about in that department."
"Thank you so much," I breathed, tears filled my eyes.
She gave me a short nod before she
turned and started towards a
different room. Gavin had me
wrapped in his arms the second
we
were alone. His nose was buried in my hair, and he held me even tighter, like he thought I might slip through his fingers at any moment.
"I was so worried about you,” he whispered, his eyes shutting as he processed all
that had happened. “Do you remember anything?"
I bit my lip as I thought about it.
"I remember the Moon Gem hitting my chest, I told him, reaching up to the part where the Gem had pierced my chest, but felt nothing there My heart fell into my stomach as I felt around my chest. 
"You healed fast,” Gavin said, watching my movements. "I'm not sure what that Gem
did to you... But it made you heal faster than I ever saw before."
I blinked, confused by his words.
"How long have I been out of it for?" I asked.
"A few hours," he told me, brushing a strand of hair behind my ear. "There's somebody here who wants to speak with you. I told her I wasn't
leaving the room of Are you up
for a visitor?" 
FindNovel.net
###Chapter 855
"Who is it?"
"Esme Blackwell," he said, shocking me.
My eyes grew wide, and my mouth felt dry.
"Esme Blackwell is here to see me?" I asked, even more confused now. "Alone?"
"Yes, but I won't let her be alone with you," Gavin said, his eyes never leaving mine. "Whatever she needs to say to you can be said in front of me."
I nodded without hesitation, my heart racing in my chest.
"Okay," I say without thought. "But I'd like to speak with her."
He nodded, like he already knew I would say that, and it made me smile knowing that he wasn't going to argue with me about this. He went over to the door and pulled it open. He stepped out into the hallway, and I could hear low murmured voices. And then suddenly, Esme Blackwell was stepping into the room, and Gavin was there beside her, keeping his eyes on her like he was afraid she would try something right in front of him.
"You're here..." I whispered, disbelief riddling my voice.
Esme nodded.
"I am."
She was speaking... my heart was practically in my throat.
"Y...you're talking," I stammered.
She nodded again.
"I am," she said again. “There is much we need to discuss, but first... are we safe to speak freely here?"
She was directing her question at Gavin. He nodded without hesitation.
"Yes, it's safe here. Say what you need to say."
Esme turned to look at me again, her eyes shining with adoration and something I hadn't seen from her before... was it love? Why would she be looking at me like she loved me?
"I haven't seen you since you were only a baby," she breathed, stepping closer. “I have missed you so much..."
"Y... you knew that I was switched?" I asked, needing her to admit it out loud... to confirm what I already knew.
“Yes,” she said. "I watched her
switch you
tried to stop her, to tell her that there was another way, but she cursed me into silence, and I could speak a word after that I couldn't move either. I was rooted. to the ground, my body no longer acting as my own. That was the last time I had ever seen her...or seen you." 
"How are you moving now?" I asked. "How are you speaking if she cursed you?"
“Because she returned and undid the magic that held me hostage,” she explained. "She is after redemption... speaking with your parents as we speak."
My frown deepened.
"M...my parents?"
"Your real parents... my son Zachary and his wife, Selene. They are your true parents, Judy. It was always meant to be you... never Lila. She is the true daughter of Megan Churchill and Ryder Thomas, a rogue who was killed at the hands of Arthur Churchill." 
“So, it's all true then..." I whispered, my mind whirling with this information.
"Yes... Everything is true. Cora told
me how you went to see her, and she told you the entire story and that she plans to speak with Zachary and Selene as well. She's done running from the past.... She misses her family and wishes to redeem herself. "Your magic had been restored to you... And now you must be warned that you are not safe
the Churchill's can detect you now. All Alphas everywhere felt the shift... the
moment your magic was restored...
they could feel it." 
"The shift?" Gavin asked. "I didn't feel any shift."
"Because you were too preoccupied with the fact that your mate was hurt,” Esme explained. “Which is understood... but if her well-being wasn't in question, you would have felt it just as well as the others."
"Shift or not, I'm not going to let anything happen to Judy or our baby," Gavin said, protectively, and made my heart warm.
"I know she is safe..." Esme said, giving Gavin a pointed look. "But that doesn't mean they won't come for her."
"Then let them," Gavin said, a snarl to his words. "I'll put a stop to them just as I've always done. The Churchills won't get near my mate or anyone in my family."
"And you aren't going to be alone," another voice said from the doorway.
I turned to see Zachary and Selene entering, and behind them stood none other than Cora.
###Chapter 856
Judy's Pov
Everything was quiet as the Blackwells entered the room. Taylor was right behind them, looking annoyed as he folded his arms across his chest.
"I tried to stop them," he muttered, shaking his head with dismay written all over his face. "But they were insistent that she speak to Judy right away."
My eyes never left Selene, who was staring at me with tears filling her own eyes. My heart clenched in my chest at the sight of her; if everything I had found out these last couple of days was true..... that meant Selene was my birth mother and Zachary was my birth father.
It didn't feel real to me... but now I understood why I felt so drawn to her and them.... why I felt drawn to their home and photos.
Blood calls to blood.
They were my blood... they were my family, and they were calling for me. Esme was calling for me.
"It's true then..." Selene said through her watery gaze. "You truly are my daughter. I knew I felt a pull towards you... I just wasn't sure. I didn't think it was possible... but it was... You are her... my daughter. My little girl."
Selene went to hug me, but Gavin was quick to step in front of me, shielding me from their view. He was growly, and I could tell his wolf was on the edge. Seeing me in potential danger didn't sit right with either of them, and my heart tugged at my chest at his protectiveness.
I put my hand on his back, trying to calm him a bit.
"Gavin, it's okay... they aren't going to hurt me," I assured him, my voice as low as a whisper.
"We don't know that. I'm not taking a chance,” he said, his eyes never leaving the Blackwells.
"I know they won't hurt me," I told him, my voice sounding stronger than I felt. "They are my family... my true family."
Even as I spoke those words out loud and meant them, I couldn't help but feel the ping of guilt that gnawed at my chest. The Montgomery's were my family... they were the only family I've ever known, and I loved them with my entire heart. I would never trade them for anything.
But Selene and Zachary were my blood, and a part of me felt like I was finally coming home. Perhaps my wolf and spirit already knew that my place was with the Blackwells.
“We don't wish to have conflict," Zachary told Gavin, his eyes narrowed. "We only wish to speak to our daughter."
"You didn't know she was your daughter until 5 minutes ago," Gavin said. "How do we know we can trust you?"
"Because you signed a business
contract stating me as your partner," Zachary said, raising his brows. "If you didn't trust me at least a little bit, you would have never signed ime as your partner." 
Gavin stared at him for a long while; I kept my hand on his back, rubbing soothing circles and trying to appeal to his wolf. I could feel his emotions going awry, and I didn't want him to lose control.
"It's okay..." I said softly. "Let them talk."
Gavin finally relented and stepped aside, allowing Selene to approach me with her tear-filled eyes and outstretched arms.
"I'm so sorry we didn't know sooner," Selene breathed as she wrapped me in her arms. "Our daughter..."
"I always knew something was off. It all happened at once, my mother stopped talking, my sister left... you seemed different. I couldn't explain it. But felt the shift even back. then, Zachary said, running bis fingers through his dark hair. "I should have looked into it further, and for that... I am so sorry." 
I shook my head, giving him a small smile.
"I had an incredible life," I assured them. "I love my family, and I love the outcome. I'm not sure I'd be here with Gavin if things hadn't turned out the way that they did. I'm grateful for the entire roadmap that led me here..." 
I touched my belly, feeling the warmth spread throughout my entire body.
“I wouldn't change anything,” I added, a faint smile decorating my lips.
"Where is Lila?" Zachary asked, turning to look at Taylor. "Has she been held in custody?"
"Yes," Taylor replied. “I don't trust her to not try anything against Judy so we will keep her in custody until it's safe."
Zachary nodded and then turned to Selene.
"I think we should speak to her as well," Zachary told his wife. "She was the girl we raised for 23 years after all."
###Chapter 857
She nodded and nibbled on her lower lip.
"Is it wrong that I feel as though I barely know her?"
"Probably because you don't," Gavin said, shaking his head. "Did you know she used to go by the Alias Rachel?"
They both blinked and looked at one another, frowns marring their lips.
"What?" Selene asked, her brows pinching together.
"She worked closely with Levi for a long time... acted as his mistress and stayed by
his side while he tried to get his hands on Judy. I'm not entirely sure what she was gaining from that... but a part of me thinks she might have known all along that Judy was the rightful heir and her ties lie with Levi's family."
"Wait, weren't they lovers?" I asked, confused. "If Lila was truly part of Levi's family... wouldn't that make them family as well?”
Gavin nodded.
"Yeah, but not by blood. Relationship by marriage. They have no blood ties," Gavin explained.
It still didn't make me feel any better about their relationship; Levi was so much older than Lila...he was even older than Gavin.
"I can speak with Levi again and see if he can give me any further information. He's upset with Lila for leaving him as she did," Gavin said, sitting on the edge of my bed. "I'll visit him in the morning."
Zachary nodded.
"I'll go with you... I'd like to find out everything that I can and I prefer not to be left in the dark. Now that this has to do heavily with my family, I won't rest until I know my daughter is safe."
I flushed at his words, and I couldn't seem to lift my head to look at them. But I knew all eyes were now on me.
"I just can't believe our daughter is really Judy<" Selene said, her voice cracking slightly. "I should have known Lila was never mine... I felt it... I truly did. But I ignored it."
"And now the magic is restored in Judy?" Zachary asked, glancing at his mother. "Is that correct?"
"Yes," both she and Cora said at the same time.
Esme glanced at Cora and gave her a faint smile along with a singular head nod.
"She will have to practice using it or she won't be able to control it," Cora explained. "As the only true witch in the family, I'm more than happy to help her however I can."
"You'd do that?" I asked, my heart swelling.
"You're my niece,” she reminded me. “I'd do anything for family. Plus... I kind of owe you after switching you in the first place."
I let out a low laugh; I couldn't believe that I was laughing about this now.
"Honestly, it worked out for the best.
my
I have an incredible family and met nay mate, im not sure things would have been the same if things didn't turn out the way they did." 
Cora's expression softened.
"I like your way of thinking."
"So, what does this mean for me now?" I asked, looking around the room with a frown. "I suddenly have magical powers? Is that why I feel so powerful?"
They all pretty much nodded.
"You are magic's host," Cora explained. "All magic runs through your veins and is powered by you."
My heart started to beat rapidly in my chest; that was a lot of pressure.
"That's why I was told that I could break mate bonds and curses?" I asked, my eyes wide with realization.
Cora nodded.
"Yes... You can break any curse and any bond," Cora explained. "It's a wonderful gift that you must not take lightly. But it can also be dangerous if it is not used correctly. Allow me to train with you, and we can make sure that you are always safe." 
"And you think you can help me?" asked, uncertainty clear in my tone, but Gofa didn't falter. She gave me a firmnod and a small smile tipped the corner of her lips. 
"I believe I was always meant to," she admitted.
I looked at Gavin, and I saw that he was watching me, waiting for me to answer. I
finally looked back at Cora and gave her a small returning smile.
"Okay,” I said softly. "I'll train with you."
"Excellent," she said with a bright smile. "And soon enough you'll be the most powerful witch to ever exist."
The most powerful witch to ever exist?
The pressure was on.
###Chapter 858
Judy's POV
"Wait... so you're like magical now?" Nan asked, her brows raised to her hairline.
She tucked a strand of her auburn hair behind her ear as she tucked her feet beneath her on the couch. We sat in the parlor of the villa, and I caught her up on everything that had happened over the last few days. It was the next day after I woke up, and I found out that my family had been the Blackwells this entire time.
"I guess so,” I said, staring down at my hands like I expected them just to do something. “It doesn't feel real, though.”
"Do you feel super powerful?" Nan asked curiously, leaning forward so she could hear what I had to say.
"Yeah," I admitted. “Like some burst of energy is surging through me or something."
"That's incredible," she breathed, her eyes lighting up. "I can't believe you're a witch."
"The Host of Magic," Irene corrected. "That's more powerful than a basic witch."
"Yeah, and I'm not entirely sure how to use this kind of magic," I muttered. "It's all so intense."
"When do you meet with Cora for training?" Nan asked.
"Tomorrow morning," I replied. "They all agreed that I needed to take a break for today because my world was turned upside down yesterday. Gavin went to see Levi, and I was thinking of going to see my parents."
"Your Montgomery family or the Blackwells?" Nan asked.
"Montgomery," I answered. "I know I just found out about my birth parents, but I really need to get some advice from those who raised me and those who knew me. I love my mom and dad more than anything... even if we aren't related by blood. They would know exactly what to say to me in this moment."
Nan wrapped an arm around me and pulled me into her side, resting her head against mine.
"I'm sorry you are going through so much," she breathed. “Just relax because your baby can't handle stress, and I won't have my nephew in danger."
I smiled at her words.
"You're going to be the best Auntie Nan,” I teased, nudging her shoulder and making her laugh.
"Damn straight I will be," she said, cracking a sly grin. "I'm going to spoil him so much you'll get sick of it.
"I could never get sick of you," I laughed.
She laughed too, and Irene cracked
a smile, though it didn't reach her eyes. She seemed almost anxious about something for the time she's been with us in the parlor. She wasn't here the entire time she only g?t here a little bit ago. 
She tucked her honey strawberry blonde hair behind her ear and looked around the room like she expected monsters to jump out and scare her. She was nibbling on her lower lip.
I went to ask what was wrong, but then I heard a door shutting, and her entire body went rigid. I raised my brows, confused by her reaction, and then I saw him.
"Erik...." I breathed.
He stepped into the room, smiling at me.
"Hey, how are you feeling?" He asked, walking towards the couch. I knew he was trying hard not to look over at Irene, but it seemed her eyes were glued to him for
some reason.
"Better," I told him. "In fact...I feel powerful."
“So, what ended up happening?" He asked, sitting down on the couch beside Irene, who looked like she was about to bolt from the room at any moment.
I quickly caught Erik up on the events of what had happened, and by the time I finished, he let out a low whistle.
“Damn,” he said, shaking his head. "I knew some shady stuff was at play. So now
we need to be on the lookout for the Churchills?"
I nodded and let out a breath as I looked around at my friends.
"Seems that way," I muttered. "What else is new? All we do is fight the Churchills... first Levi and now the rest of his family."
"Well, we aren't going to let them get to you," Erik said, giving me a reassuring smile. "They have nothing on the Silver crescent pack. We are your family, and we will protect you.' 
"Thanks, but not everyone thinks the same way."
"So, some girls want to protest you from being the Luna... you are going to be an
amazing Luna," Nan told me, giving me a quick squeeze.
A nervous bubble grew in my stomach.
“Half the pack thinks I'm unqualified,” I muttered.
"And that's the half that doesn't know you," Irene said, folding her arms across her chest. "I'll still help you become the best Luna that you car be. Trust me they wont know what hit them once you come at them." 
###Chapter 859
Irene was trying hard not to look at Erik, but his eyes flickered to her, and I could
see his cheeks turning red. I wanted to practice this magic and become the best at it so I could help Irene. I wanted to break her ties with Chuck so she could finally see Erik as her one true mate.
She deserved that much, and I hated not being able to help her right now.
"You're Gavin's fated mate," Erik said, clearing his throat once he finally managed to pull his eyes away from the side of Irene's face. “Which means you were created to be a Luna. The Goddess doesn't make mistakes."
"He's right,” Nan said, giving Erik an approving nod. "She doesn't, and she chose you to be Gavin's mate and the Luna of his pack... the mother of his children... You got this, and you aren't alone."
I smiled at them.
“Thanks, guys,” I said, leaning my head against Nan's shoulder.
Irene started to stand.
"I'm going to head upstairs..." she started to say, but Nan grabbed her arm, tugging her back down onto the couch.
“No way,” Nan said quickly. “Come on, Irene. We never get to hang out anymore. Don't you miss us?"
Irene bit her lip, and I saw how red her face was getting.
"Of course... but-"
"We don't need excuses. We need food. I vote that we eat something delicious. I happen to know that the kitchen here is fully stocked, and I'm willing to make anything you guys want. Let's have a day and eat food and gossip as we used to..... with the bonus of Erik, our knight in shining armor."
She flashed a toothy grin at Erik, who let out a low chuckle before running his fingers through his hair.
"I suppose I can hang out," Erik said with a shrug.
He glanced at Irene, and for the first time, she
questions swirling in them.
"Yeah," she said softly. "Me too..."
ually met his eyes, and I could see
I smiled, happy that they were both setting aside their issues so we could all hang out.
“Perfect,” Nan said, jumping to her feet. "I don't have to be home anytime soon because Chester is with Em... so I'm all yours. Let's go into the kitchen and figure out what to make."
She held out her hand for me to take, and I took it without hesitation, allowing her to pull me to my feet.
"Do we have pizza rolls?" Erik asked, making me laugh.
He was such a boy sometimes.
"Do I look like someone who would disrespect the kitchen by making pizza rolls?" Nan asked, crinkling her nose.
Erik shrugged.
"It was just a suggestion," he murmured, though I could see the smirk forming in his usual fashion.
"How about nachos?" I asked, suddenly having the most intense craving for Mexican food.
Nan smiled at me.
"Anything you want, Luna,” she teased, nudging me as we walked arm in arm into the kitchen.
Nan was immediately in her
element, bossing us around like a drill sergeant as we attempted to
help her the best we could in the net
kitchen Erik grated cheese like it had a personal vendetta, Irene washed the beans and opened the rest of the cans while I got all the silverware and plates together.
As we all fell into rhythm, lost in our own worlds, Nan's arm wrapped around my shoulders.
"You doing okay?" She asked me.
I nodded, though that nervous flutter never left my belly.
"I'm just scared," I admitted. "I want everyone and everything to be okay... I want everyone to be happy. Irene isn't happy right now, and it's because of Chuck... I want to break that bond so she can move on move on with
her life." 
Nan nodded in agreement, both our eyes going towards Irene, who was trying to keep her distance from Erik, and Erik was practically drooling over her. It was sad, and it tugged at my heart.
"Miss Judy," I heard Adam saying from the doorway of the kitchen. He was holding a tablet in his hands, and his brows were furrowed as he stared down at it. "There's something you need to see."
“What is it?” I asked, my heart practically in my throat.
He walked over to me and showed me the tablet screen; it was footage from the new security system Gavin had installed at the entrance of the villa narrowed my eyes at the image on the screen and sucked in a sharp intake. 
“Is that.....?” I started to ask, my eyes blinking on their own accord.
“Yes,” Adam said, his brows furrowed. "That's Daisy Baldwin, and she's demanding
your attention."
###Chapter 860
Judy's POV
Daisy Baldwin stood at the front gates, as if she belonged there. She tucked her short blond curls behind her ear and tried to keep her head held high, as she always did. However, I could see the tension in her shoulders and the way she kept looking around, as if she were afraid she would be found at any moment.
"Daisy is here?" Irene asked, her hands dusty with cheese. I noticed my friends were all staring at me, their eyes wide.
"She is," Adam confirmed, nodding his head at the tablet that clearly showed Daisy waiting at the front entrance.
"We need to tell my father," Irene said as she reached for her phone.
"Wait,” I blurted before she could pull up Gavin's number. I turned to look at her, holding out my hand to stop her from calling him. I felt the sizzling crackle spark my fingertips, and I quickly pulled my hands back.
Magic surged through me, simmering and angry, and it made me feel uneasy. I needed to learn to control this magic before it controlled me.
Irene must have noticed the magic because her face went pale.
I cleared my throat and stepped away from her.
“Let me just see what she wants,” I said, turning back to Adam. "I'll walk out and see her.:
“That's not a good idea,” Irene said, shaking her head. “My father would be furious if he found out."
"Well, Gavin's not here, or I'd have him go talk to her," I said, raising my brows at her. "If she's here to talk, then we will talk."
"I'll go with you," Erik said as he stood from the table.
I nodded, and together we headed towards the front door.
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Irene called after us.
"Yeah, maybe Irene's right. Daisy is bad news," Nan agreed.
"If I'm going to be the Silver Crescent Pack Luna, then I can't cower away from a fight if one is presented to me," I said from over my shoulder.
"You can't fight!" Irene yelled. "You're pregnant."
"I'll make sure she doesn't fight,” Erik assured her as he followed me out of the front doors. The front courtyard was bright with late afternoon sun. Guards stood at their posts, hands near their weapons, eyes trained on the iron gate.
And there she was.
Daisy Baldwin.
The closer I got to her, the more I realized that she no longer looked like the confident puppet she'd been when she was playing everyone and stealing the stone from the Landry's. She looked wrung out. Hollow around the cheeks. Her lips were pale. Her eyes had shadows like she hadn't slept in days.
When she saw me, she straightened like a wire being pulled tight. She wrapped her arms around herself like she was trying to hold herself together, and then I saw her lip..... it was swollen and cut in the corner.
My eyes narrowed at her as I stepped closer to the gate. Just before I reached the latch, Erik grabbed my arm gently.
"I wouldn't go out there if I were you," he said, his eyes never leaving Daisy. "The Alpha wouldn't want you to go near her.”
I knew he was right, and I should
compromise. Gavin was going to be upset once the found out that I was
even entertain found
I wars,
entertaining Daisy at this point, but had to be honest, I was curious
about what she wanted.
I folded my arms across my chest.
"Okay, I'm here," I told her. "What do you want, Daisy?"
Daisy's eyes flickered to Erik briefly before they fell on me again. She sucked her bottom lip in her mouth, and I wasn't sure if I was mistaken or not... but she looked almost nervous.
"I need your help," she finally said, her voice sounding strained.
"With what?" I asked, annoyance clear in my tone.
"I know you owe me nothing-"
“I'm glad you know that,” I said, cutting her off and raising my brows. "You shouldn't be here, Daisy. After what you did..."
"I stole from a family who took something from another family," she clipped, pressing her lips together and creating a firm line. "I did what I had to do."
"Why did you have to do it?"
"Because of my mate," she blurted. "He made me... he told he'd end this pain that he put me through if I did what he said He knew my sister had once been married to Gavin Landry and he wanted me to use that to my advantage. 
My ears rang at her admission, and I stared at her with my mouth gaping open.
"I'm sorry... your what?"
If she had a mate this entire time, then why was she after Gavin?
Her cheeks flushed as if she could hear the question without me speaking.
"My mate,” she said, shifting her gaze to the ground. "He's not my fated mate. But
he did mark me years ago and had been keeping me around without much love."
I blinked.
"You have a chosen mate?" I asked.
She nodded, her eyes briefly meeting mine.
"I do.....” she said almost hesitantly. "It's a long story... but it wasn't really my choice."
My heart stopped in my chest.
"You were forced to mate with someone?" I asked, my brows pinching together.
She nodded her head once.
"I was told that my only hope of breaking this bond is the host of magic," she continued, meeting my eyes. "For a long time, I thought that was Lita, so she agreed to help me if I helped her figure out how to unlock her magic. By then, she already had the Moon Gem back...she couldn't figure out how to getthe magic from the Gem and put it inside of herself where she thought it belonged. I was the first and only one she's told that she wasn't able to get the magic out of the gem. For everyone else, she lied and told them she was too tired to practice magic, but she could feel it inside of her." 
###Chapter 861
Daisy rolled her eyes at that last comment, and then she shook her head at the memory before her eyes landed on me again.
"I had a feeling she wasn't the true host," Daisy said, letting out a breath. "After the second attempt... I kept thinking that it shouldn't be this hard. That the magic should want to be returned to its host. Magic grows attached to the host, just as the host gets attached to magic. So, for her attempts not to work the first couple of times, it was strange to me. But then every time you were around, it would glow and seem stronger. I put all the pieces together myself. I'm surprised it took you as long."
"Do you really want to talk like that to me right now?" I asked, raising my brows at her. "Let's back up for a second... why would you want to break your mate bond? I thought once you were marked, you were connected as if you were true mates."
"It's not as strong as a true mate connection,” she admitted. “But that's not the problem. The man I'm mated to is a complete monster."
My mouth fell open.
"A monster?"
She let out a laugh, though it was humorless.
"Do you know what it's like to be connected to someone who only thinks about themselves? We have a full bond, where I can feel and hear everything he feels and thinks. His thoughts are so loud that it's hard to block them out, and his feelings are so dark that they're all I can feel."
Tears pooled in her dark blue eyes as she stared at me, and I was left dumbfounded. Had I been so wrong about Daisy Baldwin?
"He has this strange power or whatever where he can block my emotions so he doesn't have to feel my 'pointless' feelings," she said, shaking her head as the tears started to fall from her eyes. It was clear this man had told her that her feelings and thoughts were pointless. "He also has this rare bloodline where he can take multiple women as mates at the same time. Every time he's intimate with another woman, it hurts like hell... but when he mates with another woman... I want to die. I sleep for days afterwards. The pain is so deep, I want to tear it out of me. I wouldn't wish that kind of punishment on my worst enemy..."
My vision blurred, and I realized my eyes were filling with tears. My heart was broken for her, and I never thought I'd ever feel bad for Daisy Baldwin She's been nothing but a thom in my side ever since I met her just before I worked for Gavin. She had been after Gavin for so long and had been deceitful the entire time... I had no idea if this was just another one of her games or if she was being serious. 
It was frustrating not knowing.
But at this moment, as Diasy wrapped her arms around herself even tighter and let
out a sob, I realized just how broken and scared she truly was. She had been a prisoner in her own relationship... her own mating... and she didn't see any way out of the hell he put her in.
"He uses that type of pain and then
some to get me to do what he wants," she said, letting out a breath. "His mating with another woman means that I wronged him in some way. So, he'd mate someone else to make it right and punish me at the same time. Don't get me wrong, there had been good moments. plenty of them to keep me from ending my life when things started to look bad. But the bad outweighed the good." 
"Daisy..." I whispered, shaking my head as a tear fell down my cheek.
She wiped at her tears almost angrily.
"And the stuff he always had me do... it was between drug trafficking, prostitution to please his business partners, and spy work... I did a lot of spying on Gavin's territory because that was enemy lines. I was pretty enough and well-known, plus with my family connections, nobody would suspect me... I think that's why he chose me. When he asked me to steal the Moon Gem, he told me that he would finally move me into the manor, introduce me as his mate, and marry me. I thought things could be better and I won't have to live in fear and pain anymore... that he'll finally love me. But I was a fool." 
"You did steal the gem, though,” I told her. “And what manor?"
She let out another breath, this one more exhausted than the last.
"I suppose you might as well know... the man who mated with me is Noah
Blackwell. Or I guess you should know him as your brother."
###Chapter 862
Judy's POV
I didn't know much about Noah Blackwell, but like his father, he was a businessman, and I knew he ran a massive chunk of the Blackwell empire on his own. I knew at some point he would be the one to take over the company.
Gavin confessed to me that they had been friends as children but had grown apart as they aged. Then, after Gavin's father stole the gem and the Blackwells went into deep hiding, Gavin and Noah's connection was severed completely.
But to think that this man was using Daisy to do his dirty work made me feel sick to my stomach.
"After I stole the gem and brought it back to the Blackwell family, Noah ignored me completely. He told me he wasn't ready for me to move in just yet and asked me to give him a bit of time. That I needed to stay away for right now so nobody sees me..."
"He shunned you out of his life?" I asked, my mouth hanging open.
"Lila found me crying and begging outside his door," she continued as if I hadn't said anything. It was clear that Daisy was now lost in the past with the dazed look in her eyes. I couldn't blame her, honestly; she must be living with so much pain all the time. "So, she found out pretty quickly that I was mated to Noah... that's also when I found out that he was actually living with another woman, and that's why I've been feeling the pain from his intimacy the last few days. He's been sleeping with her, and then he told me that he planned to mate with her.
"I'm so sorry," I whispered, wiping away a stray tear that fell onto my cheek.
"But anyways, Lila caught me crying outside of the manor, and she knew I was a scorned woman and was crying over her brother. She saw my mating mark, and she knew it belonged to Noah because it wasn't the first time he had done something stupid like this. At the same time, I caught her holding the Moon Gem and a variety of other items that looked very much like she was about to cast a spell or something. To change the subject, she told me about Noah's girlfriend, I ran off shortly after, and then later on, I went to confront Noah... I asked him to meet in our spot, and he did. I asked him about his supposed girlfriend, and he admitted it without batting an eye... like it was no big deal." 
She paused for a moment so she could gather her thoughts.
"He told me that he was never going to break this bond, no matter what, so I'd better get used to his girlfriend being around. He was still going to use me whenever he feels like it just like he does the others he had mated in the past. He's just adding to the collection with this new one, but I'm still his favorite..." 
She repeated all that he's said to her, and more angry tears spilled down her cheeks, and she wiped them away just as fast as they came.
"I hate that I'm crying right now," she said, letting out another one of her famous humorless laughs. “I told myself I wasn't going to break down, and here I am..... crying my eyes out because I've been used and abused by my mate. It's pathetic..."
"It's not pathetic," I said quickly, stepping towards the gate that separated us. "You are allowed to feel whatever it is that you are feeling Daisy This monster took something from you that you can never get back. He's awful, and I'm so sorry that it happened to you." 
She sniffled and gave me a small smile as she lifted one shoulder.
###Chapter 863
"Well, anyway, I went to a seer to figure out how to break this bond. I wanted out. More than ever...I want out. She told me that the host of magic is the only one strong enough to break any mate bond. I've heard someone refer to Lila as the host of magic in the past and knew that she had just gotten her powers back. Noah had filled me in on everything when he asked me to spy on the Landry's and figure out where they are keeping the gem. So, I went to Lila and asked if she could help me. That's when she told me of her troubles, and we agreed to help one another out. The rest was history, and now I'm here.. begging for your help.”
I stared at her for a moment longer, honestly assessing her face. I had never seen her like this before. She looked almost desperate, and it didn't give me the joy that I thought it would. Instead, it made me feel sick.
Or maybe that was just my pregnancy.
Without thinking, I reached for the gate latch that separated us and lifted it, letting the door swing open. The movement was so quick that it took Erik a second to figure out what had just happened, but when he did, he let out an angry growl.
"What part of 'stay inside the fence' did you not understand?" Erik asked.
I stood in front of Daisy, entirely invading her space, and she looked startled by my sudden closeness.
"What he's doing to you is criminal. Nobody deserves that," I told her. "I'll help you." She blinked, looking at me, surprised.
'You will?" She asked, her eyes growing wide though they were still filled with tears.
"Of course, I'll help you, Daisy. You are going through a lot of pain, and I'm so sorry my brother is putting you through that. I might not know him, but he's not somebody I ever wish to get to know. I'm not even sure if I want to get to know this family at this point..."
The realization was startling, and a tear escaped my eye. I wasn't sure if I trusted the Blackwells... it was hard to think of them as my family.
"The only problem is I have no idea how to control my magic," I told her, staring down at my hands as if they held the answers. “Let alone break bonds."
"That's okay... we can figure it out," Daisy said, hope blooming in her eyes, eliminating all doubts that she was lying.
"Yes, we will figure it out," I repeated. Then a thought crossed my mind. "Where's Lila?"
Daisy frowned.
"Probably sulking," she replied. "Finding out she wasn't actually from the Blackwell bloodline was devastating for her. It was pretty much ber only identity, and now she has no idea who she is, she has no ? family..." 
"Well, that's not entirely true. She's a Churchill."
Daisy's brows raised.
"Wait, what?"
I nodded and then shrugged.
"Yeah, her mom's name was Megan Churchill."
Daisy gasped.
"Meg is her mother"
"She was her mother, yes," I replied. “But she hadn't been seen in years.
It's
60xed that she's dead
Daisy shook her head, her eyes wide.
"Meg isn't dead," She shocked me by saying. "I know this because a few years ago, had relations with Levi Churchill. It was part of a job that Noah had me do, but I was with Levi for months. One day, he got a phone calf, and I could tell that it was a doctor. Levi needed to head to a hospital across town, and went with him because he was my ride. When we got there, he went into a hospital room, and I saw the woman lying in the bed... it was clear she was in a coma. He later confessed that it was his sister Meg and that she got into an accident when she was 19, leaving her in a coma." 
###Chapter 864
"Meg is still alive?" I asked, my breath caught in my throat.
Meg was an essential part of my adoptive parents' lives, and she was Lila's mother. Even Lila deserved to know her mother, and my parents deserved to have the closure they needed. From how they spoke about Meg when they told me the story of how they met her, I could tell there was admiration and affection.
They still wondered about her; it would be impossible for them not to wonder about her.
Daisy nodded, and before she could say another word, Erik's voice cut through, interrupting our conversation.
"Judy, I think you should come back through the gate. Gavin is going to be furious.....” he said, a slight tremor in his voice.
I rolled my eyes.
"So what if he's mad... I'll deal with it when it's time to deal with it," I said, waving off his concern. I can handle my husband... no problem.
"Mad isn't the correct term to use for how infuriated I am right now," his dark and deep voice said, washing over me like a tidal wave.
My entire body froze, and though my wolf was jumping for joy and happy that her mate was nearby, my heart managed to beat way faster than it should have been beating, and with it, my breathing became erratic.
I slowly turned to face a very furious and red-faced Gavin, who stood near a pale- faced Erik.
"Care to explain to me why my pregnant mate is speaking to someone who has done our family harm?" Gavin asked him, his eyes narrowing. "It doesn't look like you're keeping my mate safe, Erik."
“Daisy isn't going to hurt me, Gavin," I assured him. “And it's not Eriks' fault. He tried to stop me, but you know how I can be... I'm stubborn. So, he compromised and came along with me. He didn't know I was going to step out of the gate, but it's clear that we all misjudged Daisy... she's a victim."
"And you expect me to believe a word that woman has to say? She betrayed my family and made a fool of my mother. There's no way in hell—"
"I need you to trust me," I said, stepping closer to him and placing a hand on his chest, feeling his
quickened heartbeat beneath minet
palm. He stared down at me, his eyes dark and angry she's had it, really bad, Gavin. Worse than you could ever think. And I believe every word she said to me. I would know it if she were lying. Please, I need you to trust me." 
He stared at me for a moment longer, and I could see the conflict in his eyes. Then,
his gaze softened, and he sighed.
"Next time, call me," he said,
brushing a strand of hair behind my
ear. "I don't want to hear about
something like this from my
daughter again. I want you to call
me, and we will deal with this
together." 
FindNovel.net
I should have known Irene would have called him. I couldn't help but smile at him as
I stood on my toes and pressed my lips to his.
"I'll fill you in on everything else later, but Megan Churchill is still alive."
His brows pinched together.
"What?"
"Megan Churchill, Levi's sister... she's still alive," I repeated, and then turned to look at Daisy Where
exactly is the hospital she's in?" 
"I'm not sure; Levi used to move her around a lot, so she could literally be anywhere now."
I sighed, my shoulders slumping, and then Gavin's warm voice made everything better in an instant.
"Then, I guess we'll have to ask Levi himself."
###Chapter 865
Judy's POV
"You're not coming."
Gavin's words were final as he grabbed a shirt out of his closet. I scrambled out of bed, my heart pounding with anger and my fists clenched. My wolf let out a low growl in our shared mind, not liking our mate's refusal to discuss this properly. He was supposed to hear us out no matter what, but he wasn't looking at me, which meant he wasn't going to listen.
"What do you mean I'm not going?" I said, folding my arms across my chest as I glared at him.
"Just like I said... It's dangerous. You aren't coming with me to see Levi."
His words were like a slap in the face; like he didn't trust me or something.
“He's behind bars. What can he possibly do to me?" I asked, my eyes still trained on him as he navigated around the room.
"It's not a chance I'm willing to take," he said, finally stopping to look at me. "I'm not taking a chance where you are concerned."
My heart melted a little at the sincerity in his voice and the lost look in his eyes, as if his entire world was right in front of him.
“Gavin, Levi likes to play games. He's not going to give you information about me or about anything that has to do with me," I told him, point-blank. “He might tell me, but it'll mean I have to play along with his game. I'm going to be a Luna in one of the biggest packs in the world and to the biggest Alpha in the world. I need to be able to handle these kinds of things and for my mate to trust me."
He stepped closer to me, our bodies only inches apart. He was in the process of getting dressed, so he was shirtless. I swallowed the lump in my throat, my gaze lingering on his chest for a bit longer than necessary. No matter how many times I see him like this, it'll never get old.
My wolf was practically purring in my mind, also loving the sight of our mate. As if he could read my thoughts, Gavin smirked.
"You get distracted so easily," he said, cupping my face with his big and strong hands; my heart skipped a beat, and I felt warmth spreading across my body from the top of my head to the tip of my toes.
He was right; I do get distracted easily, but I wasn't going to let this be one of those times. As much as it pained me to do so, I shook my head, forcing his hands to fall from my face.
"I'm being serious, Gavin," I told him, proud that my voice didn't betray me. "I'm already under so much pressure to be this perfect Luna and-"
"Wait, what?" He asked, his brows raised. "What are you talking about?"
I shook my head as tears filled my eyes. I didn't want to tell Gavin about what that she-wolf Olivia had said to her friends and that they agreed with her. They don't think I'll make a good Luna because I was never trained to be one. That I was going to run this entire territory into the ground and that Gavin deserved better than a Luna who would drag him down, too. 
Olivia was planning to protest me, and she was gathering others around the pack to do the same.
"Hey..." Gavin said softly as he wiped a stray tear off my cheek with his thumb. "What's wrong, baby?"
"It isn't anything," I said. It didn't even sound true to my own ears. "I just want to prove to the pack... to you to everyone... that I can be a good Luna and things like this don't Scare me away I'd never put our baby at risk, if I didn't think I'd be protected in prison, then I would never go. But I will be protected, and I might be able to get the answers from Levi."
Gavin sighed, and I could tell from the look in his eyes that his resolve was breaking. I stepped even closer to him, evaporating any lingering space between us as I wrapped my arms around his neck.
"Please... let me do this."
He lowered himself so his lips were brushing mine, effectively making my heart skip
a beat.
"You don't need to prove yourself to anyone," he said, his voice deep and warm, his gaze softening. "Least of all me. I already believe in you and love you. Nothing will ever change that." 
My cheeks flushed at his sincerity.
Pressing his forehead against mine, he let out a breath.
"You can come," he finally relented. “But you aren't to be left alone with him."
I smiled up at him.
"I wouldn't dream of being left alone with him," I said, before I closed the distance and let my lips devour his.
The prison smelled like stone, iron, and regret. I felt it the moment Gavin and I stepped inside this heavy, suffocating pressure that made my chest tighten and my wolf curl inward.
###Chapter 866
Levi's presence lingered here like a stain that wouldn't wash out, even though he'd been locked away for months.
Gavin's hand rested firmly at my lower back, steady and protective. He hadn't said much on the drive here, and I knew it was because he was worried about me.
"Stay by my side," he had told me as we got out of the car.
The guard led us down a narrow corridor and stepped outside a reinforced room. Thick glass separated us from the inside. Levi sat at the table, wrists shackled, his dark hair longer than I remembered, his face gaunt... but his eyes were the same. Sharp... Calculating.... Watching.
The moment his gaze landed on Gavin, his mouth twisted into something between amusement and disdain. He leaned back in his seat, his eyes narrowed.
"Well, if it isn't my old friend, Gavin Landry," Levi drawled. “What honor do I have for this visit, Almighty Alpha?"
Gavin didn't look the least bit amused.
"We came for information," Gavin said, pulling out a seat for me to sit down. I sat down, and Gavin sat in the seat beside me, his hand never leaving my thigh. I wrapped my fingers around his hand, as if that were enough to ground me.
Levi let out a bark of laughter.
"Of course, you did... why am I not surprised that you can't figure things out on your own?"
"Cut the shit, Levi-"
"Tell me, Gavin... did you ever figure out that Lila wasn't the true heiress?" Levi interrupted. “Did you figure out who it was?" His eyes flickered to me, and I saw something flash in them that made dread fill the pit of my stomach.
"How do you know this?" I found myself asking.
Levi let out another laugh.
"Oh, you'd be surprised at what I know," Levi murmured, before fixing his eyes on Gavin again. “I know way more than you think, and Alpha Landry, here, knows it. That's why he's here... am I right?"
"Just tell us what you know about Megan Churchill," Gavin said through his teeth.
A look of surprise flashed across Levi's face, and he blinked once... twice... three times.
"Why do you want to know about my sister?" Levi asked, raising his brows.
"From what I understand, she's not your sister," Gavin told him. "She used to be your stepsister before your parents divorced."
"It's still strange for you to be asking about her."
"Because she's Lila's mother,” I blurted. "Because up until yesterday, we thought she was dead, only to find out that she's been alive the entire time and deemed missing. My adoptive parents admired her and thought of her every time they looked at me because she gave me to them or so they thought. But even if I was switched at birth and Meg isn't really my mom, it almost feels like she is, and she still gave my parents a chance to be parents. So, I want to know where she is." 
Levi studied me for a moment, and I couldn't tell if he believed me or not. He leaned his forehead on his seat and then nodded slowly, his eyes never leaving mine.
"Okay..." he finally relented. "I'll talk to you and tell you what you want to know. But only you. I don't want him in the room."
He motioned his head towards Gavin.
"I'm not leaving," Gavin said through his teeth. "I won't leave you alone with my mate."
"There are guards still everywhere," Levi muttered, nodding his head at the many guards that circled this place. "What do you think is going to happen, Gavin?"
"I still don't trust you," Gavin growled, his wolf on edge.
I put my hand on his shoulder, trying to get him to ease back and calm down a bit.
"You don't need to trust him, but I
Pet
need you to trust me," I assured him. "There's no way he can get to me from the other side of this glass, and as he said, there are guards everywhere. And also, I'm a born fighter. Please don't mistake my pregnancy for weakness can still kick ass when it's needed." 
He looked at me... like really looked at me... and then he smiled as he leaned down and kissed me soundly on the lips.
“Okay,” he breathed against my mouth. "I'll be right outside. If you need anything,
use our bond to call me for help, and I'll be here faster than you can blink."
I smiled and leaned into him, kissing him on the lips once more.
"I will," I assured him.
We both ignored Levi, making immature gagging noises as we kissed. Gavin stood and walked out of the visitor center, and the guards closed the door behind him. I leaned back in my seat and faced Levi, my arms folding across my chest.
"Okay... you got me here alone," I tell him, narrowing my eyes. "Tell me where your
sister is and what happened to her?"
###Chapter 867
Judy's POV
"Straight to the point, I see... that's what I always liked about you, Miss Montague,” Levi laughed.
My gut twisted, but I kept my expression neutral.
"I'm not here for small talk," I tell him. "I'm here to find out about Meg Churchill. I know she's still alive, but she's been deemed missing. I also know that you've visited her at the hospital before.”
His smile slowly faded. That alone told me I was right.
Levi leaned back in his chair, the chains on his wrists clinking softly against the metal table. He studied me the way someone studies a chessboard, deciding which piece to sacrifice.
"You're much sharper than I remembered," he murmured.
"Don't change the subject,” I said through my teeth; I didn't particularly like talking to the man who had used and betrayed me and I wanted this conversation to be over sooner than later.
"Alright, fine," Levi said, rolling his eyes. "You are no fun. Yes, I went to see Meg at the hospital a few times for different reasons. Periodically, I have to sign a consent form to keep her on life support. Without my updated signature, they'd pull the plug." "Meg is on life support?" I asked, disbelief in my tone. "What happened to her?"
"She's been on the run for a long time, and just when she was about to be caught... she got into a car accident. Almost killed herself, but my family had managed to put her on life support to preserve her body."
My heart sank in my chest; she was in an accident? Was it right before she gave away Lila?
"Why would you keep her there for all these years and not tell anyone?" I asked, "Were you hiding her?"
"She was a disgrace to our family," Levi said, rolling his eyes. "She could never just follow the rules and play her part. She's made plenty of enemies... those who want her gone."
"Then why keep her alive for all these years? Why not just pull the plug and let her die if she was such a disgrace?" I asked, shaking my head as this information sank in. It didn't make any sense for them to keep her alive if they hated her so much. They clearly didn't want Meg in their lives.
"Because of the curse," Levi muttered. "If it weren't for the curse, she would have been dead a long time ago."
"What curse?"
“You ask a lot of questions, but I think it's time for you to do something for me if you want me to talk more about this," Levi said, a smirk appearing on his lips.
I pressed my lips into a thin line and narrowed my eyes at him.
"I'm not doing anything for you," I told him, finality in my tone.
He let out a laugh.
"Then I guess we are done here."
"You aren't going to tell me about this curse?" I asked.
"Not unless you do something in return,” he said, cocking his head to the side.
"What do you want?"
I couldn't hide th the bitterness in my tone. I noticed the glint of amusement in his eyes, and I knew that he was enjoying this little back and forth. I folded my arms across my chest, not in the mood for his. _games almost called Gavin back in this room so he could make Levi talk, but I wasn't sure if I trusted Levi to tell the truth in that case.
Despite him being a terrible guy, he was still fairly honorable, and when he said he was going to do something, he usually did it... like telling the truth. If you made a deal with Levi Churchill, he will always hold up his end of the deal, no matter what.
"I want you to break the curse," he said, narrowing his eyes.
I frowned.
"You want me to break a curse that I don't even know about?" I asked, raising my brows.
He rolled his eyes.
"Don't be daft," he muttered. "I will tell you about the curse... but in exchange... I need you to break it."
"You'll have to give me some time to figure out how to break it,” I told him. “I'm not even sure how to use these magic powers."
I stared down at my hands and
all
frowned; I wiggled my fingers like I expected them to do something. I still felt that buzzing sensation at the tip of my fingers, so I knew the magic was there, not to mention my senses had been heightened, and even my wolf is feeling a bit stronger. I just wasn't sure how to use or control this magic. 
"I'm sure you'll figure it out. I need your word that you'll try whatever you can to break this curse,” he said, his eyes meeting and holding mine. “I need to be able to trust you with this."
I stared at him for a moment longer before I nodded my head.
"You have my word," I told him. I wasn't sure how he knew I was serious and wouldn't back out, but the look of satisfaction crossed his face, and he nodded.
"Okay then," he said, letting out a breath. "This curse had been placed on my family a long time ago. When Megan and her mother came into our family, it was around the time we were having issues with the Blackwell family. It was right before they built their own empire and left the Alpha territory. They didn't want to abide by specific rules, and having two powerful Alpha Lycans in one territory is never goofidea. Even if one of them didn't want anything to do with pack politics, he had an option to be a chairman and take his own territory because he was that powerful, but he declined it." 
###Chapter 868
Levi paused for a moment so he could clear his thoughts. After clearing his throat and taking a deep breath, he continued.
"So naturally, he butt heads with my father, who was the Alpha in charge at the time, and turned into this rivalry. I was rivals with him before I was rivals with Gavin. It wasn't until the Blackwells went into hiding that I became rivals with Gavin. But our families didn't get along, and we would fight back and forth for years. And then after an incident, the eldest Blackwell woman... Zachary's mother... put a curse on the entire family."
My heart stopped in my chest. Esme Blackwell put a curse on the Churchill's? She must have had a good reason to do so. My stomach knotted at the thought; what could the Churchill's have done to them to cause this?
"She linked the Churchill bloodline with Meg. So, if she dies...we all die."
My mouth fell open.
"What?" I gasped.
He nodded and rolled his eyes.
"She was a reckless child... always getting herself into trouble. We had to keep her in line most of the time, but she was always running off. I was only a kid at the time, but I remembered how my father would yell at her whenever she ran off, and he would often lock her in her room. He was worried that she'd end up getting herself killed, and if that happened-"
"Your entire family dies,” I whispered, my eyes wide with realization. “She gave your family an expiration date. No matter what, if she dies of old age, your whole family will end up dead."
"Exactly," he muttered. "We still aren't sure why she chose Meg of all people to link us to, but that was her choice. Then she ended up falling for a rogue boy, and my father went ballistic. He kept having her brought back to the manor and locked in her room, but she kept finding a way to escape and be with that boy. So, eventually, my father had the boy killed. Meg found out she was pregnant, and she took off; I'm sure you already know that part of the story, though."
"And then your family went after her because if she ends up getting herself killed.... Your entire line will die," I whispered, my eyes wide. "That explains almost everything. The reason you all treated her the way you did... the reason she ran..... the reason you went after her in the first place. That's why she was so scared...” I paused for a moment, and then I lifted my gaze to meet Levi's. “She doesn't know..."
It wasn't a question.
The corner of Levi's lips twitched, and I could tell he was fighting back a smile.
"No, she doesn't," he murmured. "If she did... she'd probably end her life
to end ours. That was the kind of o person she was... the kind of person she's always been. She was unselfish, and I truly hate to admit it. But it's the truth. If she thought that ending her life would end ours... she would have done it in a heartbeat. So, we tried to keep her from finding out." 
FindNovel.net
"You treated her so badly...” I said, shaking my head. "Or at least that's what I've heard. She was terrified of you all."
"This is true," he confessed. "She didn't have an easy life.”
Y
I was quiet for a long moment, letting that sink in; this information was a lot opened my mouth to finally say something, but Gavin walked in at that moment, and could already feet his energy, was charged. 
"You've spent enough time with my mate, and I can feel her unease. If you said something to upset her—” He started to say, but I stood up quickly.
"Where is she?" I asked, my eyes never leaving Levi's.
The corner of his mouth twitched again, like he was fighting back a laugh.
"Yellowstone hospital,” he replied. "It's in a town called Yellowstone, neutral territory... mostly made up of humans. It's west from here, a couple of hours at least."
Without another word, I turned and walked towards Gavin. I took his hand and started to pull him along with me towards the door where the guards stood Gavin went with me. willingly, and by the time we were outside, he had me wrapped in his arms. 
FindNovel.net
"What happened?" He asked, his lips pressing against my temple. "What did he say
to you?"
“I'll tell you about it later, but we need to go to Yellowstone," I told him.
"What's in Yellowstone?" He asked, raising his brows.
After a beat, I looked up at him.
"Megan Churchill."
###Chapter 869
Judy's POV
I didn't like the idea of Megan Churchill sitting in the hospital for 23 years... kept alive by only machines. Gavin decided that bringing Eliza along would benefit us; she could tell us exactly what was wrong with Meg and how we could fix her.
Then maybe we can bring Meg home and introduce her to her daughter. I caught Gavin up a little bit on our way to the packhouse; it was later in the evening, so we knew that Eliza and Taylor would be at the packhouse around now.
I told him a bit about the curse and why we needed to get to Meg. Gavin pulled up to the packhouse and parked the car. After a beat of silence, he got out of the car and ran around to the passenger door to open it for me, offering me his hand.
My cheeks heated as I took his hand, allowing him to pull me to my feet. I stood close to him; my eyes wide from his sudden close proximity, and my cheeks growing even hotter.
"I have a few more for the protest,” I heard a familiar voice say from around the corner of the nearby shrubbery. The shrubs almost hid us so that we couldn't be seen, but the voices carried as if they were right next to me..... speaking to me. “They also don't want her as our Luna."
"Good," the other familiar voice said. "She won't make a good Luna. Alpha Gavin has to see that. He should pick someone more in his league and someone we can trust."
"Save your speech for the rally," the other voice chuckled. “We need to get back to work so we can go home."
The voices faded as they walked away, and I was left frozen in place. Gavin's eyes were trained on my face the entire time, and I could tell without looking at them that they were dark and he was holding himself back.
"What the hell was that?" He asked, his voice low and dangerous.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and refused to look him in the eyes because of pure shame.
"That was the she-wolves of your pack not wanting me as the luna," I murmured, my cheeks heating again, only this time for a different reason.
"How long had this been going on?" He asked. "You aren't surprised by their words, so I'm assuming you've heard them before."
I bit my lower lip, nibbling on it slowly.
"Yes," I said, my voice dropping to a whisper. "I've heard them speaking like this before."
“Oh, Hey Gavin... hey Judy," Eliza said as she stepped out of the newly parked car. I blinked, not realizing another vehicle had just pulled up.
Beta Taylor got out of the driver's side as Eliza stepped out of the passenger side. She looked tired, and from her white trench coat, I knew she was heading home from work.
But despite her tiredness, she still managed to smile at me.
"Hey, Eliza," I said in return. "Beta Taylor."
Taylor smiled at me as he draped an arm around his mates.
"Everything okay? You two look like you're in a heated discussion," he commented, staring between the two of us.
"Actually, I need to steal your mate for a few hours," Gavin said, his eyes finding Elizabeth's. "We have a situation in Yellowstone."
Eliza raised her brows and then looked at Taylor.
“I suppose our night alone will have to be put on hold,” she told him, letting out a breath. "I do apologize, My Love."
He sighed as well and kissed her cheek lovingly.
"I'll get you to myself one of these days," he assured her. "And then I won't let you out of our bed."
"You two are sickly cute," I commented, a smile stretching across my lips and making them laugh.
"So, what's going on?" Eliza asked.
“We'll explain it on the way," Gavin assured her. “But it's important. I wouldn't pull you away at this hour if it weren't."
She nodded, understanding in her face.
“Okay, let me just pack a few things," she said, pointing over her shoulder at the packhouse. "I'll be back momentarily."
"I'll come with you," Taylor said as he jogged alongside her.
Their voices faded as they disappeared into the packhouse, and then Gavin turned to look at me again concern clear on his face and my heart tugged in my chest 
"It's okay," tell him before he has the chance to say anything. "Irene's been helping me become more Luna like. I prove to them that I can good Luna." 
be
Gavin's eyes widened.
"That's the reason you've been taking lessons?" He asked.
My cheeks heated when I realized what I just confessed to.
"Yes," I admitted. "I'm sorry for not telling you the truth sooner. I didn't want to start issues in your pack, and you already have so much going on. This was one problem that
could deal with on!
going to kill
on my own. Imm
mem with kindness I
prove to them that I can be a good Luna." 
FindNovel.net
###Chapter 870
Gavin cupped my face, forcing my eyes to meet his. Warmth spread across his fingers and seeped into my flesh, giving me a warm feeling all the way throughout my body, right down to the tip of my toes.
"You don't have to prove to anyone that you'll be a good Luna,” he murmured. "You are already fantastic, and I'm so proud of you. I'll talk to Olivia. You don't need to worry about this kind of thing. Let me handle it."
"No," I said quickly. "I can handle it... Honestly, it's not that big of a deal, and I really want to be able to prove myself."
He searched my face for a moment longer before he leaned down and pressed his lips to mine.
"I love you," he murmured.
"I love you too."
Not long after, Eliza and Taylor rejoined us outside, Eliza with a small bag. She
smiled at me and then turned to her mate to say her goodbyes to him.
"We'll be back before sunrise," Gavin told them. "But it's important."
Eliza nodded with understanding in her eyes.
"I figured you wouldn't pull me away if it weren't important," she told him.
Once we were all in the car and Gavin had pulled the car onto the road, we filled Eliza in on everything that had happened. I even told Gavin the entire story about my conversation with Levi, and though he doesn't trust Levi, he doesn't think he would lie about something like this, so we had no other choice but to believe him.
My heart was racing in my chest because I wasn't sure what to expect. If I didn't already know that the Blackwells were my actual birth family, I would think that I was about to meet my mom for the first time. This was a woman whom I fully believed was my mother for most of my life, even though I had never met her.
Gavin reached over and touched my hand. I flipped my hand over so he could intertwine his fingers through mine, and then he gave my hand a gentle squeeze. I felt warmth all over my body, and I couldn't help but look up at him as he drove.
At some point, I must have fallen asleep because I woke to Gavin peppering small kisses along the nape of my neck. I opened my eyes, groggily, and looked around. It was still dark outside, and when I looked at the time, it read just after 11 pm. I crinkled my nose and stared around the parking lot we were sitting in.
"Where are we?" I asked.
"We stopped at the gas station," he told me, motioning with his head towards the little store. "Eliza needed to use the restroom. We'll be in Yellowstone in about 20 minutes."
I nodded and leaned into him, loving his proximity.
"This is going to work, right?" I asked, sitting down at my hands. "My magic, I mean? I'll be able to control it eventually?"
I wasn't sure why I was asking him these questions because I knew he didn't know the answer, but the way he answered left me with no doubt in my mind that I'll be able to figure this out in due time.
"Yes," he said, his voice full of conviction. "There's nothing you can't do, Judy."
We
We kissed a few times, letting our lips glide along with one another and breathing the same air, grounding our wolves and our bodies. pulled apart when Eliza rejoined us in the backseat of the car, and then we were on the road again. 
Within 20 minutes, we were pulling into the hospital in Yellowstone. We walked into the hospital as if we owned the place; those who were seated in the waiting room.turned t look at us, probably sensing Gavin's powerful aura. 
Some bowed at the sight of the powerful Lycan chairpersons, and Gavin didn't seem to take much
notice of them. He went straight the Nurses' station and told her that he was there to see Megan O Churchill. 
Usually, it was after visiting hours, and anyone else would be declined. Still, Gavin wasn't just anyone... he was the most powerful Lycan Chairman and had a reputation, even in Neutral territories.
She gave Gavin Meg's room number and told him it was on the third floor. He took hold of my hand and guided me down the hallway until we reached the elevators.
"She's been in a coma for 23 years,” Eliza said, hugging her bag to the side of her body with one arm. "You should prepare yourself for what you're about to see.
I swallowed the lump in my throat but nodded.
The elevator door opened, and we stepped out; I followed Gavin down the long
hallway until we reached the door that read "Megan Churchill."
This was it... We were about to see Meg in the flesh for the first time.
I couldn't help but worry about what we were about to see.
###Chapter 871
Gavin's POV
The moment we stopped in front of Megan Churchill's hospital room, something in my chest tightened.
I no longer believed in coincidences.
23 years in a coma. Kept alive by machines; hidden, protected, and imprisoned all at once. And now my mate-pregnant, powerful, and already carrying too much on her shoulders—was standing beside me, about to face another piece of a past that never should've touched her.
I tightened my grip on Judy's hand without even realizing I'd done it.
I could feel her anxiety and her worries; I just wanted to take it away from her. If I could protect her from those feelings, I would in a heartbeat. She stared up at the door; her eyes filled with worry, and her bottom lip stuck between her teeth.
"You don't have to go in yet," I told her quietly. "We can go somewhere else for a bit so you can clear your mind."
She looked over at me, and for a moment, I saw the vulnerability making her waver. She searched my eyes with her own, and then something else flashed through them. It was raw determination, very much the Judy I knew so well and loved with every beat of my heart.
"We should do this now," she said, her eyes never leaving mine. "I need to get this over with."
"You should be warned," Eliza said, staring between the two of us; for a moment, I had forgotten she was here. “She's been in a coma for so long, and this is the lower end of the hospital. Patients are often forgotten here... it means she wasn't taken care of well. There's no telling what we will be walking in on."
I nodded and pulled Judy a little closer to me.
"I'm ready," she said, taking a deep breath.
Eliza nodded and pushed open the hospital room door. We stepped inside; I kept my hand on Judy's lower back as we walked forward.
The room was dim, lit mainly by the glow of monitors and machines. The steady beep of a heart monitor filled the space, slow and consistent. The air smelled clean, sterile, but underneath it was something else. Something old. Like time itself settled in the corners.
Megan Churchill lay in the bed, pale and still. She looked younger than she should've.
Her blonde hair had some silver streaks, but her face... her face looked preserved, almost untouched by age. Like time had stopped the moment her body shut down. Tubes ran from her arms. A ventilator moved her chest in a low mechanical rhythm. Judy's body trembled slightly beside me, and I found myself stepping even closer to her, closing the small gap that lay between us.
She bravely took a step forward, and I went with her; she moved as if she were afraid the room might reject her. She stared at Megan's face, her breath catching.
"She looks..." Judy whispered.
“Alive,” Eliza finished softly, just as amazed as we were.
I could tell it wasn't what any of us were expecting.
Eliza moved closer, setting her bag down and checking the monitors with practiced ease. She scrutinized Megan, checking vitals, reflexes, and the machines doing the work her body no longer could.
“She's stable,” Eliza said after a moment. “Shockingly stable, actually. It's almost like there's a magical tether involved."
"You can feel the magic?" I asked her.
Eliza shook her head.
"No, but it's the only thing I can think
of. It's clear she doesn't get a lot of
84.
die,
visitors, and she's in the section the hospital that often goes forgotten. Where rogues go to these machines are ancient, and her IV bag is empty. Telling from the scent.coming from her they hadn't cared for her but the room itself smells sterile enough where it could pass during human investigations." 
"I can feel it," Judy whispered, her eyes glistening with tears as she looked up at me. "It's like a curse that kept one woman alive so an entire bloodline wouldn't die."
I nodded, understanding what she meant.
If she dies, the Churchill bloodline dies with her.
"She doesn't deserve this," Judy said softly, her eyes finding mine. “She did everything she could to protect her child... she doesn't deserve to be in a magical coma or whatever."
"If the curse is broken incorrectly,
she could die along with the Churchill bloodline," Eliza said, shaking her head. Tve never seen anything like this before. It goes beyond my medical experience." 
Nobody knows about Judy's magical abilities; she doesn't want anyone to see until she can learn more about them and control them I decided to stay quiet, but I knew Judy could break this curse. It was said that Judy could break any curse and any bond. 
"Is there something we can do for her?" Judy asked, glancing at Eliza.
Her frown deepened as she examined Megan.
"As of right now, the only thing I can think to do is just make her comfortable," Eliza said, sadness clear in her tone. “Until we can figure out how to safely break the
curse."
Judy looked around the hospital room, a crease between her brows.
"I doubt she will be comfortable here," she muttered.
"Then we will take her back to our pack,” I suggested without thought. "Maybe we
can keep her in Eliza's clinic?"
I glanced at Eliza for confirmation, and she nodded.
###Chapter 872
"I'll make some room for her," she said. “I'll just need a signed release from the hospital. Considering Gavin is a Lycan Chairman, we don't need a signed release from the Churchill family."
I nodded, relieved that I didn't need to seek out anyone else in that family. I had had enough of them for one lifetime.
"I'll go with you to get that release," I said, reluctantly stepping away from Judy. "Will you be okay here alone for a minute?"
She nodded, giving me a small smile.
"Thank you for doing this," she said softly.
I tucked a dark strand of hair behind her ears and cupped her face gently.
"I'll do anything for you," I told her before I pressed my lips to hers, soaking her in.
She melted against me, deepening the kiss slightly before pulling back; her cheeks were flushed, and my God, she was beautiful.
I pulled away again and went with Eliza to the nurses' station. There were a couple of women standing behind the counter area, seemingly gossiping and chuckling about something that had nothing to do with work. I couldn't help but roll my eyes at them; if they were in my pack, I would have fired them by now.
But this was neutral territory, which meant I couldn't touch them. Instead, I put my hands on the counter and glared at them.
"If you two are done spreading gossip, I need a signed release form for Megan Churchill," I said, startling them both.
One of them widened her eyes.
"Holy shit, that's Gavin Landry," she said, her voice raspy with fear and shock. "The most powerful Lycan Chairman?" The other one asked, her eyes just as wide. "Yes..." The first girl said, her voice coming out barely above a whisper now. "I've seen him in magazines..."
"And is that Eliza Pierce?" The other asked. "She's one of the best doctors in the world. What is she doing in a small hospital like this?"
"How about you ladies stop asking each other questions and just do what I asked," I said, my patience running thin. "We don't have a lot of time, and we'd like to get out of here sooner than later."
"Yes, of course," the first girl said, bowing her head slightly. "I'm Jamie... and this is my coworker, Abby."
"Yeah, we don't care," I said, not caring that I sounded like a dick. “We are in a hurry."
Jamie nodded quickly, tucking a strand of her red hair behind her ear.
"Of course, Alpha. I'm so sorry for the wait," she said as she hurried over to the computer to type up the release form.
"If I may ask. Why the sudden interest in Miss Churchill? She's not exactly favored here... we were told she was penniless, and she means nothing to the Churchill family As long as we keep up appearances and she appears to be monitored and in decent condition, they don't care what we do with her," Abby explained. 
My jaw tensed at her words. They were truly shameless here.
"It's my business," I said, leaving it at that.
She pressed her lips together and nodded.
"Yes, of course, Sir. Sorry to pry," she murmured.
Jamie returned a moment later with a paper.
"Here's the release form as
requested," she said, handing me the
paper. It just needs her doctor's
signature,
It's Di Lipton He's on the third floor right now, taking care of one of his terminally ill patients." 
"We'll head up there right now," I said, turning away from them.
Eliza followed me as I walked to the elevator. Minutes later, we were standing in front of Dr. Lipton, an aged man with large glasses and lines of stress around his eyes and mouth. He looked surprised to see us standing outside his patient's
surprisedent se hospital door. We were about to knock, but he opened the door and stepped out before we had the
chance. 
FindNovel.net
We had to ask one of the third-floor nurses which room Dr. Lipton was in before we proceeded.
"Alpha Landry?" He asked with wide eyes. "W...what honor do we have for this
visit?"
"I need you to sign this," I said without a single greeting. "It's a release form for Megan Churchill."
His eyes widened even more as he took in the paper I was holding.
"I'm afraid the Churchill's forbid me to release her," he said. "They paid "
"Whatever they paid, I'll double it," I said without hesitation. "Just send the bill to my beta, and we will have it covered."
His jaw dropped.
"Are you sure, Alpha?" He asked. "Megan isn't really worth all that money."
"She's important to my mate, which means she's important to me,” I said. “Sign the papers."
I wasn't giving him a choice.
He took the pen I was holding and scribbled his signature across the page. I snatched it back and turned to leave. Eliza followed me, keeping her head down.
"You should be warned, Alpha," Dr. Lipton called after me. "Megan Churchill is dangerous. If she were to ever come out of this coma... I worry about what she will do to this world."
His words made me pause for a moment, but I didn't say anything in return. I continued to walk away. I needed to get back to my mate.
###Chapter 873
Judy's POV
The hospital room felt quiet after Gavin and Eliza left. I was left alone with Megan Churchill, and I couldn't take my eyes away from her face. She looked as if she had never aged despite the grey streaks in her blond curls.
I sat in the chair beside her bed, my hands folded in my lap, even though they wouldn't stop trembling. She looked nothing like I had imagined; I honestly wasn't even sure what I was expecting.
Maybe I expected someone who looked more like a rogue... but Meg looked so young, and there was almost an innocence about her that made me want to protect her. Her face was smooth with no blemishes, and though her hair was greasy from being unwashed for all these years, it was still somehow beautiful.
My eyes burned with tears.
What was I even doing here?
I didn't ask for any of this. I had no idea why it even mattered. I didn't want these magical powers... I didn't want to have to break bonds and curses. I was happy with my life before any of this.
I just wanted to focus on this upcoming wedding, Luna ceremony, and my baby. I wanted to focus on my family, and maybe one day I would focus on my career. But all this magic stuff... it wasn't something I had signed up for.
I reached into my pocket and pulled out my phone, which was buzzing. I saw my mom's picture flash across the screen, and my chest tightened. She had no idea about any of this, and I felt terrible about not telling her. I thought about answering the call, but I wasn't sure I could play it off cool.
I didn't want to tell her about this stuff over the phone; she deserved to hear it in person, so I let the call go to voicemail, and instead, I typed out a message.
Me: I'll come over later. I need to talk to you both.
After I pressed send, I turned my phone off and shoved it into my pocket. I looked back at Meg's still body, wondering what kind of life she had lived while being in a coma. I wondered if her world was all black or if she dreams. I wonder what kind of things she thinks about... I wonder if she ever thinks about her daughter or if she even remembers she has one.
Meg's hand lay limp on the bed, and without really thinking about it, I reached out. The moment my fingers brushed her skin, the air in the room shifted.
It wasn't dramatic... There were no sparks, no wind, no glowing lights—just a click. Like something old and patient had finally found the right key. I could feel something pulling me in, and I didn't like it.
I yanked my hand back, my heart racing.
What the hell was that?
It was almost as if she were trying to pull me into her mind. Before I could think too much about it, Gavin and Eliza returned with the signed release form.
"Okay, we should be good to go. I'll call Taylor and have him and some others bring Megan to Eliza's clinic he fold me wrapping an arm around my shoulders and pulling me into him. He took a look at my face and
then frowned. "Are you okay?"
I nodded, not sure how to explain what had happened. I would have to explain it to him later.
"Yeah,” I said, leaning into him. "I just want to go home."
He nodded as if he understood, which I'm sure he did.
Gavin squeezed my shoulder gently before stepping away to make the call. Eliza gave Meg one last assessing look, her expression thoughtful but calm, then offered me a small smile.
"It's going to be okay," she told me, assessing my face. "I'll keep her safe and well- cared for while the Alpha figures out how to break the curse."
"Do we know who would and could cast such a curse?" I asked.
"Someone who wanted to see the Churchill's perish... at the same time, wanted to protect her."
I blinked.
"Protect her?"
She nodded, and her face grew thoughtful for a moment.
"Whoever cast this curse made it so the Churchill's couldn't touch her f they did the they would die Eliza, told me, turning to face me. They must really love her." 
My chest tightened as I stared down at Meg. Someone out there was protecting
her... and I couldn't help but wonder who it might be.
The door opened, and Gavin returned.
"Ready?" He asked me.
I nodded.
"Yeah," I said as I joined him at the doorway.
As we walked out of the hospital room, I glanced at the bed one last time. Meg looked precisely the same as she had moments ago... still peaceful, unaware... and yet so young and pretty But there was a power beneath her simmering, and I worried about what kind of secrets they held. 
###Chapter 874
The ride home was quiet. Gavin kept one hand on the steering wheel and the other resting on my thigh, grounding me in a way nothing else could. I stared out the window, watching the trees blur past, trying to ignore the faint hum beneath my skin.
That strange feeling still rested deep in my chest; it was like energy settling into my bones, stretching out after a long sleep.
"You're quiet,” Gavin said, peeking over at me before turning his gaze to the road.
I thought about telling him about that feeling I had when I was with Meg; how it seemed as if she wanted me to be pulled into her mind, and how I almost went. But I didn't wish for Eliza, who sat in the backseat, to overhear this conversation. This wasn't something I wanted everyone to know about... at least not until I can figure out what it means.
“It was just hard,” I admitted. “Seeing her like that.”
It wasn't a complete lie; this was a woman I would have assumed to be my mother... if I hadn't found out that she switched me at birth and I was really a Blackwell and not a Churchill... I wouldn't have thought differently.
I couldn't really explain the connection I felt towards her... but it was there, and it was strong. It was like I was always meant to meet her... always meant to know who she was, even if she wasn't actually my mother.
But then did that mean I was connected to Lila in some way?
What did all this even mean?
When we finally pulled into the driveway, relief washed over me. We were finally home; it was familiar and safe.
We dropped Eliza off at the packhouse first before we reached the Villa. Irene was the first to spot us as we walked in the front doors.
"Daddy?" Irene said as she descended the last step. "Judy..." she breathed. "Did you find her?"
We both nodded; Gavin tightened his grip on the side of my waist and pulled me into him.
"We found her,” he confirmed. "She's being brought to Eliza's clinic, where we can keep an eye on her. She's been in a coma for 23 years."
"That's a long time," Irene whispered.
She looked tired, which wasn't unusual for her lately. She was wearing casual jeans and a sweater. Her hair was down, and there were no products in it that gave it a shiny and sleek look. No... her hair looked natural and a bit frizzy in some parts, like she just got out of bed.
She was also wearing barely any makeup.
I knew Irene... this wasn't her. She was depressed...
"I have some phone calls to make,” Gavin said, pressing his lips to my head. "We can go to the packhouse as a family this evening for dinner.”
"Sounds good," I said in return.
"I have to talk to Judy about something first," Irene said, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth.
Gavin nodded and kissed my cheek before he turned and walked towards his study. Something about the way frene was almost avoiding my gaze and fiddling with her fingers made me uneasy she had never been this nervous before, and it made me wonder what was running through her mind. 
“Irene?” I asked, prompting her to speak. "What is it?”
She finally looked up at me, and I could see the worry in her pretty blue eyes. It
went beyond exhaustion... this was something entirely different.
"There's something you need to know," she told me, wrapping her arms around her body like she was trying to hold herself together. "Olivia and her stupid friends are protesting you at the packhouse. They don't" want you as our Luna, and they made that painfully obvious these last few hours." 
My heart stopped in my chest, and my breathing hitched.
"So, they went through with it..." I said softly. "They are actually protesting me..."
She nodded slowly, and at that moment, I knew there was something else. Thankfully, I didn't have to ask her because she started talking before I could.
"They got even more people to join them..." she said slowly.
She slowly reached into her sweater pocket and pulled out her phone. She started swiping along the screen, her eyes focused.
"How many more?" I asked, narrowing my eyes.
"A lot more..." she replied, then her fingers stopped gliding along the screen and she looked up at me. "Judy they are saying you cheated during the Gamma competition and it opened up an entire investigation." 
“What?” I gasped, louder than I intended.
"You could lose the Gamma win and your reputation,” Irene explained. “These girls
are out for blood."
###Chapter 875
Judy's POV
I didn't speak right away.
The words "investigation" and "cheated" echoed in my head like they didn't belong
to me, like Irene had said them to the wrong person. My hands felt cold, even though the room was warm.
"I don't understand," I said, shaking my head as I tried to process what she was saying.
As if she knew I would need the proof, she turned her phone to face me. I had been off the radar for most of the day and night while we dealt with this Megan situation and visited Levi earlier at the prison.
My mother had called me earlier, but I turned off my phone right after I texted her, and I hadn't bothered to turn it on again the entire time. Now I'm worried that once I turn it back on, I'll be bombarded with text messages, missed calls, and news updates.
My head was spinning.
I stared at her phone screen, dumbfounded; sure enough... There I was a picture of me kissing Gavin at the competition.
Judy Montague and Gavin Landry's Relationship. Bias during the Gamma Competition?
"Even though you didn't announce your relationship until after the competition, they are saying there is new evidence that proves you had relations prior. Which makes my father biased during the competition," she continued to explain, paraphrasing the article.
“But I didn't cheat," I said, shaking my head. "You know that, right?"
"Of course I know that," she told me without hesitation. "But what I think doesn't matter. They will think I'm biased, too. This is about what everyone else thinks, and now there is an open investigation.”
I shook my head, still not believing what she was saying.
"Gavin is the most powerful Lycan Chairman," I reminded her. "There's no way they would mess with him like that. An open investigation on a Landry is a suicide mission."
Irene shook her head.
"Not in this case. This goes even bigger than my father," she told me. "This involves all the chairmen, council, and anyone with a rank. This could end up being like one
of those world voting situations that daddy always talked about."
My heart stopped in my chest because she was right. I've learned about world voting in the academy It's only ever happened once, and the thought of it happening again because of me sat in the pit of my stomach like lead. This meant that everybody in the world would have a chance to vote after reviewing the publicized evidence of my actions... once they made up their minds, there would be a voting period, and by the end, they would have precise results, whether I'm actually guilty or not. 
I could be found guilty, and my status and reputation would be stripped from me. Olivia would get what she wants because no way would the pack let me be Luna after that, and if the pack rejects me as a whole, in our politics, Gavin would have to reject me as well. He can't Have a Luna that the entire pack
rejects, because then they would
walk all over me. 
I had to lean against something before I fell over; my breathing was suddenly
difficult, and my heart was racing rapidly against my chest.
Irene was by my side in an instant; an arm wrapped around me, and concern was apparent in her eyes.
"I didn't mean to upset you," she told me softly. "I'm sorry for that. But you should be warned if you go anywhere around here... everybody is talking about you. It's only been a day, but word has traveled around like wildfire."
I nodded, relieved that she had warned me, even if I did feel sick to my stomach.
I let out a slow breath and rubbed my palm over my stomach without realizing it. The baby shifted faintly like a reminder to stay upright.
"So, what am I supposed to do now?" I asked.
Irene smirked, almost looking like herself again.
She folded her arms across her chest and studied me with her sharp eyes for a moment; I felt uncomfortable under her scrutiny, but she took a step back to really assess me again.
"Firstly, we need to do something about your wardrobe," she said, making me glance down at my hoodie and yoga pants.
"What about them?" I asked. "It was a long drive, and it's not like I went anywhere important."
She rolled her eyes.
"That kind of thinking is what's
getting you into this mess. You need to realize that literally everything. matters Everything you say.... Do... wear. eat... it all matters in the eyes of the public. You are with my father, who is a famous icon, a powerful businessman, and a Lycan... he's always in the limelight. As someone who was born into that same light, I know how this world works Your first encounter with fame was, winning the gamma competition, which was huge for you, yes... but after that... you had an image to maintain, and you've been tanking it." 
###Chapter 876
I blinked, surprised at her candid words.
"Who are you to talk? You've been wallowing around all week, and you aren't even wearing any makeup," I shot back, folding my own arms across my chest.
She let out a short laugh, though the smile she had on her face didn't meet her eyes, and it made my chest tighten even more. I knew she was trying to distract herself and get her own thoughts and feelings in check... but I also knew she was living with this intense pain, and she couldn't get rid of it. I hated that it was happening to her, and I wished that I could make it better.
“Unlike you, I've already built a stable foundation for myself. I can afford to take a week or more off," she told me, shrugging one shoulder. "Once you are known and loved around the world, then come talk to me about constantly wearing makeup."
I let out a breath, my resolve cracking. I was happy she was acting like her old self, and I wanted to explore that a bit further.
"Okay, so what do you suggest I do?"
"You let me help you fully," she said. "Let me be your life coach."
“What?” I laughed. "A life coach? You?"
"Hey, just because I'm terrible at my own life, doesn't mean I'll be terrible
yours.
Besides, you're going through an issue I know way too much about. This is all about public image; at this point... It's a popularity contest. It's an easy fix if you follow along with the rules of the public."
“Okay,” I said, taking a deep breath. "I'll follow along."
She smiled.
"Perfect," she said. "First things first...we prove your innocence. Daddy might have to get these articles pulled."
"I don't want him to know about the protests," I said, my brows furrowed. "He overheard Olivia saying she wanted to protest me, and I told him I had it handled. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it, and I played it off as such. It would only upset him if he knew how far it escalated."
"You aren't going to be able to hide it from him," she said, raising her brows. "It's literally all over the news, and if we are going to the packhouse tonight, then he will see the protesters with his own eyes."
"I'll figure something out... but I just want to keep this from him for a little while.
Maybe until tonight. I want to be able to tell him myself, and I want to have one last night of just nothing... no stress..... no magic... just me and my mate."
She looked at me a moment longer before she nodded.
"Okay," she said. "But the next time you leave this villa, you aren't going to be dressed like a commoner You
l attention.
need to pay careful attention to your appearance, so I'll be working on that with you every morning." 
"Anyone ever tell you that you're bossy?" I asked, teasingly.
She laughed.
"All the time," she replied. Then her face grew serious. "I need a project to distract myself with,” she admitted. 'It's helping."
I put my hand on her shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze.
"We are going to figure this out, Irene," I assured her. "We'll break your curse so you'll be free from Chuck forever."
Gavin walked around the corner at that point; when his eyes found mine, they softened.
"I just told Matt we were heading to the packhouse for dinner. He's putting his shoes on. Are you almost ready?" He asked, stepping toward my side and wrapping me in his arms.
I wrapped my arms around his neck.
"Actually, I was wondering if maybe
we could go somewhere else for dinner," I suggested, but then I noticed the surprised and wide look in Irene's eyes that made me rethink the decision even to leave the villas "Owe can get Chester and/or Nan to cook us a meal, and we won't have to leave at all." 
“They are both working at the packhouse,” he told me. “That's why I suggested we
go there. I know you love their cooking," he told me, grinning down at me.
My chest warmed.
“Oh," I breathed. "I'm honestly not feeling all that well. Maybe we should just—"
Before I could finish my sentence, Gavin's cell phone rang. He reached for it on one of the tables and glanced at the screen.
‘It's Erik,” he said, glancing at Irene briefly, who stiffened beside me. He answered the phone, pressing it to his ear. "Hey, Erik."
He waited a few moments, his eyes narrowing at nothing in particular.
"Okay, on my way," he said and then hung up. He turned to look at me "Looks like there's a situation at the packhouse anyway need to go check out the situation before we go anywhere tonight." 'FindNovel.net
###Chapter 877
Judy's POV
"I'll come with you," I said before I could think better of it.
Gavin raised his brows.
"Weren't you just telling me that you weren't feeling good?" He asked as he rested his warm palms on my belly, feeling our baby's soft flutter. "Maybe you should just get into bed and rest. I can have someone bring you soup later."
"No, I'm feeling fine," I tell him, a bit hurriedly. "It's passing. I think it was just a little gas or something. Nothing to be alarmed about. We can go to the packhouse."
He stared at me for a moment longer, a crease forming between his brows. "Are you sure?" He asked after a moment of pause.
I nodded.
“Yes,” I said, wrapping my arms around his waist and pulling myself close to his chest as I peered up at him. “I want to go to the packhouse with you and see what the situation is. Maybe I can help. I am going to be the Luna after all... so I should be prepared for stuff like this."
I caught Irene's wide eyes, and she mouthed, “What are you doing?"
To which I mouthed back, "I have no idea."
Gavin ran his fingers through my hair and smiled down at me; he leaned down and kissed my lips softly.
"Okay," he finally relented. "I'll get the car ready. Just get your shoes and coat, and we will get out of here."
Not long before, we left the villa and headed towards the packhouse as a family. My heart was racing in my chest; I had no idea what I was doing or why I suggested going to the packhouse with him... but I just knew that if I wasn't with him, they might convince him that I'm not the right one for him.
I already lost one mate... I didn't want to lose another. I pressed the palms of my hands to my belly as if I could use our baby to ground me. I refused to let my son grow up without a father because of some she-wolves.
I felt Gavin's warm hand on my thigh and looked over at him; he kept sparing small glances in my direction.
"Are you okay?" He asked. "You seem lost in thought."
I stared at the side of his face while
an e
his eyes remained fixed on the road in front of us. I pulled my eyes away from his face and stared down. my lap where my hands were resting. I was wearing a gorgeous red dress that matched thered lipstick on my lips. My hair was curled and clipped to the side with a diamond barrette, and I wore black heels with a diamond strap... all real diamonds, which Irene liked to point out while she got me dressed. 
The car slowed, and my heart thudded rapidly against my chest; there were so many cars parked outside of the packhouse that Gavin had trouble getting through to get to his designated parking space.
Once we were parked and out of the car, Gavin was quick to walk up the steps of the packhouse, his persona complete business now. I took hold of Matt's hand and we walked
behind who also walked with
her head held high as if she owned the world. 
By the time we followed the trail to the back of the packhouse, my entire mouth fell open. It was like a whole event happening right before my eyes... only I was the reason behind it.
My face was on signs with crosses along each image. Some signs read: Down with the Luna.
And:
We don't want Judy!
My heart cracked at the sight of it; it had to be the entire pack..... maybe even more so. I swear I recognized some from my home pack, which broke my heart even
more.
"Holy shit,” Irene whispered, her face pale as she stared around at the sight.
"We deserve better than to have a cheater as a Luna!" Olivia shouted over the megaphone. “It's not fair that we get a downgrade when we have the most powerful Lycan Chairmen as our Alpha! We should be having an equally strong Luna!"
“What the hell is going on here?!” Gavin barked, his voice echoing across the packhouse yards and making everyone turn their bodies to face him. Their eyes grew wide, and some of them grew pale, but none of them backed down.
"Alpha Landry, Olivia called for his attention, still standing in front of everybody with a megaphone in her hand. "As members of your pack, we disagree with who you have chosen to be our future Luna. We think Judy is a gold-digging whore who has never even considered being a Luna before, let alone trained for it... We deserve better than a wannabe like her." 
###Chapter 878
"What gives you the right to speak about my mate like that?" Gavin growled. “I could have you gutted for disrespecting her."
"Not when I have the entire world on my side," Olivia said, folding her arms across her chest.
She motioned for those who were holding up their phones, livestreaming the entire thing, and I felt my cheeks burning hot. Irene straightened her posture, lifted her head slightly, and I tried my best to do the same. Before we arrived here, she told me to copy her body language because we didn't have enough time to prepare.
She was still unsure as to why I wanted to do this, but I knew I couldn't let Gavin fight my battles himself, and if he knew that I already knew about this protest and didn't say anything about it, it might prove them right that I'm not fit to stand by his side as a Luna.
I felt Matt squeeze my hand, and when I looked down at him, he gave me an encouraging smile and a head nod. I knew at that moment I had someone in my corner who believed in me, and I needed to believe in myself as well.
As I looked at Gavin, who was still in the middle of arguing with Olivia and trying to figure out what she was talking about, and then I looked at Irene, who was still posing for the camera and not letting them see her break... I realized I had more than just Matt in my corner.
I had a family.
"Taylor, find out how those photos got leaked and figure out who sent in the article," Gavin said into the phone. I hadn't realized he was calling Taylor until this moment. "I want the articles taken down immediately, and whoever sent in those tips, I want them prosecuted at the Silver Crescent Prison. I want to speak with them myself." Without another word, he hung up the phone and turned to the rest of the pack. "Some photos aren't enough proof to prove that Judy cheated during the competition," Gavin said, shaking his head. "And the other Lycans were well aware of my feelings towards Judy at the end. We had known each other long before the competition. She was one of my pack members prior to that and remains one now. She started work as my son's tutor almost 3 years ago. She has always been very talented, and I knew that the moment I met her. The only reason I even bothered to show up to this year's gamma competition was to support her. I didn't vote for Judy; the others had voted for her, and then she won fair and square. Once the footage... the unedited copy of the footage, is reviewed, the entire world will see that Judy did not cheat, and her win was well deserved."
This silenced literally everybody; it was so quiet that a pin could be heard dropping in the grass.
Olivia was wide-eyed and pale-faced.
"Alpha...are you admitting that
and Judy Montague had relations et
before the competition?" Qlivia lace.
"I'm admitting that I had strong feelings for Miss Montague before the competition. It was the reason why I chose not to vote for her; ? tried everything in my power not to be biased because I knew how important this was to her. If the slandering continues, I'll make sure every one of you is prosecuted." 
slev
They were staring at him as if he had just told a ghost story. My heart lurched in my chest. As much as I loved him for what he was saying and adored that he stood up for me, I couldn't let him fight this battle for me. If I ever wanted them to respect and accept me as the Luna I needed to be a Luna. I needed tax
prove to them that I could be a good
Luna if they gave me the chance.
I stepped forward, my hand pressing into Gavin's shoulder blade, gaining his attention.
“Let me speak for myself,” I tell him, making him raise his brows. "Are you sure?" He asked, keeping his tone low and for my ears alone.
I stared up at him and let out the breath I hadn't known I was holding. “Yes,” I replied. “I think it's time that the pack heard from their Luna.”
###Chapter 879
Judy's POV
“Are you sure you want to do this?" Gavin asked me, his eyes fixed on my face as I stared at the entire pack.
"Of course, she's sure. She needs to show them who's boss," Irene said, folding her arms across her chest. "Just remember to keep your head held high and don't let them see your weakness." She added that last part for me.
I stared up at Gavin.
"I can do this," I told him, proud that my voice didn't waver. "I need you to trust me."
"I trust you,” he said, his voice dropping to a low whisper. "But I don't trust them. I'm a bit blindsided that my entire pack is boycotting my mate, and the fact that you're trending in the media. Did you know this was happening?"
I bit my lower lip.
"I might have had a feeling,” I admitted, not wanting to lie to him.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
'Because I knew you'd be upset and I didn't want you to have to choose between your pack and me..." I told him, looking down at my feet.
Gavin put a couple of his fingers beneath my chin and lifted my gaze to meet his; I could see the sincerity and love in his eyes, and it made my heart skip a beat.
"You are my mate... my family. I will always choose my family over duty," he told me, his tone leaving no room for argument. "You and my children are my priority. Always. Don't ever doubt me... I love you, and we are in this together."
My heart swelled at his sincere words, and I found myself leaning a bit closer to him.
"This is cute and all, but everybody is watching you," Irene whispered from beside me. "And remember what I told you about image?"
She was right; I needed to be a strong Luna for once... I needed to prove to them that I can be the Luna they want and deserve.
I turned to face the crowd and made sure my posture was stiff and my head held high, just as Irene did when she walked in. I needed to act like I owned the world and that I belonged there more than any of them.
I felt a strange surge rushing through me, and I felt my wolf stirring inside of me. I barely even felt myself moving forward, but I was getting closer to the front so that I could take the megaphone away from Olivia. Everybody watched me; their lips sealed shut and their eyes wide.
The energy that surged through me seemed to be getting more powerful, and a few had sucked in a sharp breath as I passed by. I didn't look at anybody as I walked towards the front; my eyes were fixed on Olivia, who was watching me warily.
"Don't come any closer," Olivia said, pointing at me. "I don't trust you. Nobody here should trust you. You're a cheater and a liar!"
"You are speaking a lot of nonsense," I told her. "And causing a stir out of nothing. There is no evidence that I cheated, and once that is found out, you'll look foolish."
She blinked, not expecting my candid words.
"But there is proof! There are photos and text messages. That's right...We had someone hack your phones, and we got text message proof that you were in a relationship long before the competition ever started she said, folding her arms across her chest and giving me a smirk as if
she had won. 
FindNovel.net
"
I felt a sense of violation from having them hack into my phone, and who the hell was "them?"
"That's a serious invasion of my privacy and could mean criminal charges," I told her. "You are aware of that, aren't you?"
She stared at me blankly.
"Of course, I'm aware of that,” she scoffed. “But it doesn't matter because I'm telling the truth. The receipts don't lie."
I walked closer to her and held out my hand for the megaphone.
"May I?" I asked, trying to keep my tone as calm as I could.
She blinked a few times and then glanced at her audience, who were watching with bated breath. Then she let out an awkward laugh before shoving the megaphone at me.
"Fine... It's not like it's going to matter," she said, shrugging one shoulder as she stepped back. “Everybody is against you now anyway."
I swallowed the lump in my throat
but tried to keep my face neutral as I turned to face everybody. My eyesz immediately found Gavin; he was standing with rene and Matt in the distance, and they were all staring at me with admiration and belief all over their faces. Gavin gave me a quick nod and a wink, making my heart flutter in my chest. 
It was enough confidence to get me through this.
With a deep breath, I turned my eyes to everyone else.
"I didn't come here to fight," I told them with honesty. "And I didn't come here to beg
you."
Everybody was silent as they stared at me, and couldn't tell if any of them were breathing. The mood so charged that it was difficult my point across. But pushed
through the haze and on a
continued.
forward, feeling the strange energy surging through my body strengthen even more. 
"I came here because like it or not... You are my pack," I told them, hating that there were real emotions in my voice. "And you might be right that I'm not raised for this role. I wasn't groomed for it. I didn't grow up thinking I'd stand here one day."
###Chapter 880
I paused, letting my gaze sweep over every face.
"But I did grow up fighting for People who didn't have a voice. I grew up protecting
those who couldn't protect themselves. And I didn't cheat to get here."
The power inside me shifted; it was almost as if it was listening to me and responding.
"I won that competition because I earned it," I said. "Every bruise. Every broken bone. Every hour of training. And if you actually see the footage instead of believing gossip, you'd already know that."
A low hum rolled through the air.
Some swallowed hard, and others stepped back without realizing they were doing it.
"I'm not perfect," I went on. "I don't know everything, and I won't pretend I do. But I will learn. I will listen. And I will protect this pack with everything I have. Some of you know me... I grew up with you, and you know that I'm not deceitful and I never have been."
Mouths dropped, and phones were capturing pictures and videos; all I could see were flashes and dropped jaws.
"Holy shit... what the hell are you?" Olivia asked as she stepped back, her eyes wide as she stared at me. Without waiting for a reply, she quickly turned to the shocked crowd. "And this is another reason why Judy shouldn't be our Luna... because look at her! She's a freak. We deserve someone more deserving like Lila Blackwell!!!!"
Wait... what
Nan rushed towards me before I could even grasp what was even said; in her hands, she held a long, dark coat that I knew belonged to Gavin. Confusion swept over me, and I turned to look at Gavin, but he was no longer standing where he was, and neither were Irene and Matt.
Nan draped the coat around my shoulders and turned me away from the onlooking crowd.
"What's going on?" I asked.
"You are glowing," she whispered.
I frowned.
"Probably my pregnancy," I told her, glancing at my rounded belly.
She rolled her eyes and grabbed my arm, lifting it so I could see what she was talking about, and then my jaw dropped.
She was right... I was glowing like literally glowing.
"Oh my god," I whispered hoarsely. "Did everybody see?"
Suddenly, I was mortified. I already knew the answer to that question: if Nan saw... then everybody saw, and it explained the dropped jaws and the sudden need to take pictures instead of video.
“Uh, yeah... just about," she said, biting her lower lip, "Gavin's already trying to get every video of that pulled, and he's locking down the pack so nobody can go off and spread misinformation. He put me in charge of getting you out of here."
"Getting me out of here? He wants me to run?"
"He just wants you to stay low for a few minutes,” she admitted as she tugged me away from the onlooking crowd.
Irene was already waiting for us further inside the packhouse, pacing back and forth.
"Okay... this might be bad," she said, turning to look at me.
“What?” I asked, desperate for any information. "What's going on?"
"You are trending," she said, holding up her phone for me to see. "There are already articles about you glowing. Now they think you are some magical being... or alien. They are wondering even more now if you are fit to be a luna."
My heart cracked at her words.
This wasn't fair. Why was this suddenly happening to me?
"Judy!" I heard my name from a close distance, and when I turned, I saw Selene rushing towards me with Esme right behind her. Trance ass soon as I saw the headlines," she said, grabbing onto my arms. "I don't believe for a second that you cheated." 
"Did you see the newest headline?" Irene asked, holding up her phone.
Selene took her phone, and I watched her eyes scan the screen, her brows pinched together.
"What does this mean?" Selene asked. "You were glowing?"
I stared down at my body and saw that I was no longer glowing, and I let out a breath of relief.
"It stopped," Nan said, almost just as shocked as I felt.
"I don't understand," Selene said, shaking her head. "What does this even mean? What's going on with my daughter"
"Her magic had been unlocked,” Esme said, her eyes wide as she stepped forward.
I was still getting used to the fact that she was now walking and talking.
"What do you mean it's been unlocked?" Selene asked, turning to face her mother- in-law.
"I mean just as said..." she said, her eyes fixed on me as she spoke. "Magic has a mind of its own on most days. It won't tolerate a host
that can't even stand on its own two feet. It'll remain locked away inside of a person until they feel they are worthy or they feel they can mord them into someone that can be worthy." 
FindNovel.net
She paused as she stared around at the small group that surrounded me, all looking warily at one another.
"In other words... something Judy
had said made the magic inside of
her trust her enough to be unlocked. Her magic might not have affected her too much before but now it will hope you are ready, Judy Montague. Your life is about to get more complicated." 
###Chapter 881
Judy's POV
More complicated...
That's exactly what I needed right now.
I stared down at my hands, feeling the tingling sensation on my fingertips. I had magic... like real magic, and I could feel its strength raging inside of me, begging to be released.
"As the host of magic, you are the most powerful being in this world," Esme continued. "Without you, magic dies."
"Why me? Why was I chosen to be the host of magic?" I asked, not fully comprehending what was happening.
"It's because you're a Blackwell," Selene said, "The Moon Goddess chooses a new host every 50 years, and it's always a Blackwell. However, there was a prophecy foretelling your birth. You were said to be stronger than any of the other hosts and that you weren't just the host of magic, but her chosen daughter as well.
My heart stopped in my chest.
"Chosen daughter?" Irene asked, her brows furrowed. "Wouldn't that make her the high priestess?"
"There hasn't been a high priestess in over a century," Nan added. "I remember learning about her in one of my classes at school. Wasn't she treated terribly?"
Esme nodded.
"Yes, she was," she said softly, almost sadly, like she was remembering an old friend, but that couldn't be possible because this was centuries ago. "She was my great, great, great, great-grandmother. The Moon Goddess had called her home early because the world wasn't ready for her yet.”
"And she thinks the world is ready now?" I asked. "Why me? I still don't understand.”
"She chose you before you were even born," Selene replied, putting a hand on my shoulder and giving it a gentle squeeze.
"I don't get it... who was the host before me?" I asked, looking between Selene and Esme.
“I was,” Esme replied. “But my powers were given to you the moment Selene got pregnant."
"I took your powers?" I asked, my eyes widened.
"These powers were never mine to keep," she told me, a small smile tipping the corner of her lips. "I was only holding them until the Moon Goddess chose a new host. Between being a host and the chosen daughter of the Moon Goddess, that kind of power was too much for an infant. You were growing at a fast rate, and Selene could feel how powerful you truly were before she was even 4 months along. It was why we had to take your powers when you were born, or it would have devoured you.
I let out a breath, my head whirling with all this new information I received.
"This is too much,” I said, shaking my head. "I didn't ask for any of this... what am I supposed to do?"
"You will find out when the time is right,” Esme replied. “But in the meantime, magic is very sensitive, and you must learn to control your powers. Once it's time for you to use them, manipulating them will be quite difficult. It normally takes years of practice, and magic has to trust you. It has a mind of its own. Cora is a witch, and she is strong and very good at what she does. She can help you learn magic.”
"Why couldn't Cora just be the host? She's already fluent in magic," I asked. "It doesn't make any sense..."
“Because she wasn't chosen," Esme answered. “But she was still generously gifted thanks to the Blackwell blood.
I looked at Esme.
"Why couldn't she just let you be the host for longer? Why did she have to give me your magic?"
"Because of the prophecy."
"The one that foretold my future?" I asked.
"No, the one that foretold my death," Esme retorted, stunning me.
"What?" I asked after a moment of pause.
Esme sighed and rubbed the bridge of her nose. Selene looked down, pressing her lips together to form a thin line.
"There was a prophecy that foretold my death. I will not live past the age of 80,” she explained.
My heart stopped in my chest as I stared at her; she was serious.
"And I'm 79 now," she continued.
"You're going to die next year?" I asked, my voice coming out barely above a whisper.
She nodded.
"It took a long time for me to accept it... But I eventually did... as did the family," Esme said, glancing at Selene, who kept quiet and looked as if she wanted to cry. "Do you know how it's going to happen?" I asked, my voice coming out choked.
She nodded.
"A disease,” she told me. “It's a fast-acting one. Impossible to detect until it's too late, and even if it's caught soon enough, survival is slim."
"There has to be something they can do," I said, shaking my head. "You can't just let yourself die The Moon Goddess sent you that prophecy tas warn you. She wants you to protect elf." 
FindNovel.net
Esme shook her head slowly.
"The Goddess d
does not send
prophecies to warn people. She sends them to inform you what is These prophecies are pieces of the future written in the stars. They are not ours to change... but to learn to accept and adapt She has called me home, which means my mission on this earth has come to an end, and I must return to where the Moon Goddess needs me the most.”
"So that's it?" I asked, looking over at Selene. "And you guys are okay with that?
You aren't even going to try and help find out if there's a way to save her?"
"Of course, we tried," Selene said, turning to look at me, and I could see the pain in her eyes. “We tried everything we could. Zachary was a mess for a long time and think we were all denial. But acceptance. eventually came, and now we are just grateful to spend this time with her. Even more so now that she can speak again." 
###Chapter 882
I felt sick to my stomach, and I opened my mouth to argue some more, but I was then interrupted.
“Uh... guys,” Irene said, staring at her phone with a sickened look on her face.
Nan leaned in closer to see what Irene was looking at.
"Holy shit," Nan gasped. "Is that Lila?"
I stepped towards them and hovered over Irene's other shoulder to look at the phone.
Lila was front and center on the screen. She was live with thousands of watchers. She was sitting at a vanity, putting on makeup, filming a "Get Ready with Me" video. Her blond hair was pulled back with a fluffy headband as she applied foundation.
"I always knew that something was off with Judy," Lila said as she continued applying makeup. “I mean... where did she really come from, honestly? Those photos of her glowing don't lie, and I have reliable sources that say that she's strange and not fit to be Luna."
There was a pause while Lila stopped to read the comments. Then she let out a laugh and shook her head.
"You really think I'd make a better Luna than Judy?" Lila chuckled. "Well, that's the goal. If enough people rally behind me, it shouldn't be a problem. Plus, with my status as a Blackwell, I would surely be a better fit as the Luna of the Silver Crescent Pack."
"She's not even a Blackwell," Irene spat, her lip curling in aggravation. "Now she's just lying to everybody."
"I haven't fully talked to her about that yet," Selene admitted, looking a bit sheepish. "I did raise her for her entire life, so disowning her just because she was switched at birth didn't quite seem right."
“But still,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest. “She has no actual status. She doesn't deserve to be Luna like she's claiming."
"Is that even possible?" Nan asked, staring between the two of us. “Can Lila become the Luna if the pack is behind her?"
"No, of course not. It doesn't matter what the pack wants... It's my father's choice. He's a Lycan. It's always the Lycan Chairmen who make the final decisions. It's always their decision when it comes to this kind of thing. He would never let Lila be the Luna."
“But what if the entire pack is against Judy and insists on having Lila?" Nan asked. "There's still order that needs to be maintained, no? If a majority of the pack is in favor, then the Lycan has to consider the option and make it work for a short time before any final decisions are made.”
Irene went quiet for a moment.
"My father will do what it takes to make sure that doesn't happen," she finally said, lowering her gaze; she sounded less convinced now, and it made a knot form in my stomach.
As if he was being summoned, Gavin walked in, Erik trailing behind him.
Irene was quick to look away from where Erik was standing.
Gavin walked over to me and wrapped me in his arms as he said, "They are going to pull the articles."
I let out a breath of relief.
"Thank you so much," I whispered.
He held me tighter and rocked me back and forth.
"If anyone dares lay a hand on you, I will end them myself. Consequences be damned," he murmured, pressing his lips to the top of my head. "It might take a bit for the talk to die down, but give it some time. In the meantime Erik is going to take you back to the Villa I have some other things to clean up before I return home, but I won't be late." 
I nodded and pressed my lips to the corner of his mouth; he turned his head to capture my mouth with his then deepened the kiss. I couldn't help but smile against him as his tongue swept across my bottom lip and entered my mouth, tasting and exploring. 
The kiss ended too soon, and it left me breathless and wanting more.
“Get home,” he said, pecking the tip of my nose with his lips. "I'll be there soon, and then we can continue this."
He raised his brows slightly, and I blushed at the innuendo.
He released me, much to my disappointment, and then he said his goodbyes to the
others before he took off back through the doors.
I turned back towards the group, which now included Erik, and saw that Irene was already gone. I should have known she wouldn't have stuck around long after Erik arrived. She avoids him like the plague, and he looks miserable every single time she disappears on him. 
"You seem lost in thought," Esme said as she stepped beside me. "Anything I can
do to help? I might not have magic, but I hold a lot of wisdom."
"Not unless you know how to break a siren's curse,” I said, half joking.
She raised her brows and glanced at Selene, who gave her a mirrored look before they both turned back to me.
"As a matter of fact, we do know how to break the Siren's Curse," Esme said with a grin, surprising me. “But to do that... we will need the siren to return to the place he cast the spell in the first place."
###Chapter 883
Judy's POV
The ride back to the villa was quiet. Nan and I sat in the backseat, and Erik drove. The others went home in their own vehicles, and I had no idea where Irene went. She didn't go with us, and she won't answer her phone. She disappeared almost immediately after Erik showed up.
Erik hadn't said a word since we left the packhouse. His grip was turning white on the steering wheel. I knew he was hurting because of Irene's brush-off, and I felt bad for him.
"I'm just going to call Chester really quick," Nan said as she took out her cellphone.
I probably should have suggested taking her home instead of making her come to the villa with me; she hadn't seen Chester or her daughter all day. But honestly, I really didn't want to be alone right now. I needed to work through whatever was happening, and I needed my best friend to do it with me.
As Nan spoke to Chester on the phone, I leaned forward in my seat, bringing me a bit closer to Erik.
"How are you doing?" I asked him.
He glanced at me through the rear-view mirror.
"How do you think I'm doing?" He asked, narrowing his eyes. I've never seen him look this agitated before, and it made my chest tighten. "My mate wants nothing to do with me."
"She doesn't know she's your mate," I told him. "Once that curse Chuck put on her is broken, she will be yours."
He let out a breath.
"If that curse ever gets broken," he muttered. "Seems like it's getting worse."
My brows pinched together.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
He was quiet for a moment, and at first, I didn't think he was going to say anything.
"I went to see her the other day. I thought maybe we could talk now that she's had some time to process everything. But I think I just made things worse between us. She started to cry and told me to stay away from her. She said the only person she will ever love is her fated mate, Chuck. A couple of weeks ago, she said she hated him and never wanted to see him again... and now she says she still loves him and will only love him. I just don't get it. I don't think the curse is any closer to being broken than when he cast it."
I blinked, confused. Irene rarely talks about Chuck. When we found out he was cheating a few weeks ago, she was devastated and wanted nothing to do with Chuck after that. I knew it would be difficult for her to go no contact with him entirely, but I didn't think the distance would make her love him even more.
That's not how this was supposed to work.
Then, I thought about what Esme said about knowing how to break the curse. The only problem was that we needed Chuck to return to the place he cast the spell... the mansion in the Silver Crescent Pack.
I was also going to need Cora's help because there was no way I could do this on my own.
"I think I might be able to break the curse on Irene," I told him without much more thought.
He glanced at me through the mirror again, his eyes suddenly a little wider. "What are you talking about?"
"Esme knows how I can break the siren's curse, but I'm going to need Chuck to come to the Silver Crescent pack."
"Hold on a second, Chester," Nan said into the phone before turning her attention to me. "What do you mean you're going to need Chuck to come here? That's the last thing Irene needs."
I definitely agreed, but I wasn't seeing any other way.
"It's the only way to break the curse," I told her.
"How do we know that?" She asked, raising her brows.
"Because Esme told me that," I replied.
"And we trust Esme? The woman who couldn't talk for years and now can't seem to shut up?"
Something surged inside of me.
"Yes," I said without hesitation, and the moment that word left my lips, I realized it was true. I did trust Esme, and I'm not sure how I know this, but it seemed like the magic inside of me trusts her as well. "I need to get Chuck and bring him here, I said as my final thought. "It's the only way." 
Nan sighed.
"And how do you expect to bring him here?" Nan asked. “He's in Alpha Jeremy's territory. We can't exactly go there and retrieve him."
"Or maybe we can," I said, glancing back at Erik. "It would require another trip with a completely new plan."
"Alpha Gavin would never let you near that pack without him," Erik warned me.
"He's right. You're going through a very delicate pregnancy, and taking a trip like this
could be dangerous for you and the baby,” Nan said, a worried look in her eyes.
"Do you hear yourselves?" I asked, staring between the two of them. We were almost at the villa, and I wasn't even close to being done with this conversation yet. "This is fene we are talking about. If Lean help her why wouldn't I take t
that
chance?" 
"Because going to another Lycan Chairman's territory and starting anything with any of his packmates, especially one of his Gammas, is grounds for a war. It's a dangerous plan, Judy, and think we should.
regroup and think of another plan instead," Nan said. Contént 
###Chapter 884
She then returned to her phone call with Chester, saying her goodbyes to him before hanging up the phone and putting it back in her purse.
Erik was quiet, and I wasn't sure if he agreed with what Nan had said or what.
"The longer we wait, the worse it might get," I told them both after a moment. "I don't want to risk it."
Erik pulled up to the villa doors and parked the car. He remained there, still silent, and I couldn't tell what was running through his mind. His face remained stoic, and his eyes were fixed on the front windows.
"That's not something we want to risk, right?" I asked; the question was directed at Erik, and he seemed to know it because he glanced at me through the mirror again.
"No," he said softly. "I don't want to risk it. But I also don't want to force Irene to be with me if that's not something she wants."
His words came out pained, and my chest tightened.
Without a word, he got out of the car, slamming it shut behind him. I didn't wait for him to open our doors; I quickly got out of the car just as he reached for the handle, and Nan did the same, folding her arms across her chest.
"So, what do we do then?" Nan asked, staring between the two of us. "It seems we are at a crossroads."
The door of the villa opened, and Adam stood in the entryway, a frown marring his lips as he stared between the three of us, a skeptical look in his eyes. Like he caught us doing something we weren't supposed to.
"Welcome back," he said, bowing his head at me. Then, he stepped aside for us to enter, and we did so.
He shut the door behind us and went back to his post; I shook my head at his retreating form and turned back to Nan and Erik, who seemed to be lost in their own thoughts.
"I want to help Irene the best that I can. I might fail as a Luna, but I will not fail my friend, and every second we wait fails her a little more," I told them, tears threatening to spill from my eyes. My emotions were getting the best of me, and I blamed this damn pregnancy. "I need you both to be on my side here and tell me that this is the right thing."
Something surged inside of me, and in that moment, I knew what I was saying was the truth.
"What are you guys talking about?" Matt asked as he came down the steps. "Is everything okay with Irene?"
"She's fine,” Nan said, trying to reassure Matt, but at the same time, I said, "No." Matt frowned and looked between the two of us, a small crease between his brows.
“I knew it,” he said, his face twisting into something I didn't recognize. "You knew what?"
"I knew that something was wrong with her," he said, turning to look at me. "I asked her if she was okay, but she brushed me off and said she was fine. But I heard her crying almost all night."
He looked genuinely worried, and it tugged at my heart; we were all worried, but Matt was only 9 years old and shouldn't have to worry about things like this. I hated that he had to grow up so young.
I put my hand on Matt's shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze.
"You've always been very perceptive,
Matt," I complimented. "Irene is lucky to have you as her brother. You look out for her, and even though she can't see it right now,
one day, and she wildthank
you for it." 
He shrugged.
"She and my dad are the only family that I have," he said softly. "Now that I have a wolf and know how to fight, I want to protect them.”
"Aw, Matt,” Nan said, placing her hand over her chest. "That's the sweetest thing I've ever heard."
I ran my fingers through his shabby hair and then wrapped my arms around him to hug him.
"They are not the only family that
you have," I told him softly. "I'm your
family my family is
your
and
my friends are your famiontent"
Matt looked up at me with a watery smile.
"Really?" He asked.
I nodded.
"Really," I replied. "I love you, Matt... your father loves you... And Irene loves you."
"I love you too," he said, wrapping his arms tighter around my middle and squeezing
me.
I smiled down at him.
"Now, for once... stop worrying about adult things and let the adults worry about that kind of stuff," I told him as he released me. Just be a kid, Matt." 
"I'm not sure I know how to do that," he admitted, looking a bit sheepish.
I let out a laugh.
“Seems we all have a lot of learning to do," I told him.
He nodded, and then his eyes shifted to mine for a moment.
"Can you do me a favor, Judy?" He asked.
"Of course."
"Whatever is happening with Irene... save her,” he said, worry still in his tone.
I smiled, determination boiling inside of me.
"I will,” I assured him. "I promise.
I looked at Erik and Nan, who returned my look, and I knew at that moment that our
minds were made up.
###Chapter 885
Judy's POV
Gavin returned to the villa later that night, and he looked exhausted. Nan and Erik had already left, Nan returning to Chester and Erik returning to his mother and sister. I ended up telling Gavin everything that I found out, even though he was practically half asleep.
When I told him about needing to bring Chuck to the Silver Crescent Pack to break the curse, he was suddenly very awake.
At first, as Nan and Erik told me, he didn't want me to go to Alpha Jeremy's territory and partake in this dangerous plan, but the more he thought about it, the more he realized that we might not have a choice in the matter. The curse on Irene seemed to be getting worse, and neither of us knew why.
Irene returned extremely late, and when she did return, she was completely drunk. I had to help her into bed and change her clothes. A drunk Irene is very unflattering. After that, Gavin finally agreed to my plan and contacted Alpha Jeremy this morning. Once he explained the entire situation to Alpha Jeremy, he was happy to help us. Now, we sat in Gavin's private plane, heading towards France for the second time in a month, and my nerves were all over the place. We brought along a few Gammas to help us in case things escalated, including Erik. Nan ultimately decided that she couldn't take another day off from her restaurant, so she stayed behind. I couldn't blame her for that, and honestly, I wasn't really expecting her to come along anyway.
"I feel a bit guilty for not telling Irene where we were going."
Earlier, Gavin asked if she could stay home with Matt while we were gone for the night. She asked where we were going, and we had to lie to her.
"Yeah, I really didn't love lying to her," Gavin admitted. "But it's for her own good. We must do this, or she might end up ruining herself even more than she already has."
I lifted my head to look at him.
"Ruining herself?" I asked.
He let out a breath and nodded as he pulled out his phone.
"I found out where she was last night," he said, unlocking his phone and then
swiping his finger along the screen a few times before he found what he was looking for.
He turned his phone screen to face me, and my heart fell into my stomach at the news article headline.
Second Mate in over a year... what is Irene Landry hiding?
"What is this?" I asked, swallowing the lump in my throat.
"Scroll through it and find out," he muttered. "There's a video of her from last night at the end of this article."
I took his phone and scrolled through the article, reading all the lies the paparazzi said about her. paused when I reached the video and I hesitantly clicked the play button. She looked like she was drinking, not her first drink of the night, and her makeup was smeared all over her face; it was unlike her ever to be seen in public like this. 
"Irene Landry, are the rumors true? Did your fated mate cheat on you just over a year after your chosen mate left you?" A paparazzi woman asked, motioning for the camera to zoom closer into Irene's face.
Irene turned her attention to the reporter, sneering. Then, her blue eyes turned in the direction of the camera, and a grin slowly appeared on her lips.
"Let me just tell you one thing," she said, her finger pointed at the camera. "Ethan did not leave me... left him. And Chuck is an asshole for what he did to me, but he's stillmy mate. I won't have you slandering him or talking ill about me and my choices. What happens in my relationship will stay in
relationship As of now, we are
talking and trying to figure things out
as a couple. Please, respect our privacy." 
She concluded her speech with a giant belch, which left my jaw on the ground; I wasn't even sure Irene was capable of such a sound out of her pretty face: turned to look at Gavin, and he just nodded as he took his
phone back. 
I remembered how Erik said that the curse seemed to be getting worse and how
Matt noticed that Irene had been unwell.
My stomach knotted; could her communication with Chuck be the reason?
“Is she really still in communication with Chuck?" I asked, my hands trembling on my
lap.
"I'm not sure," he said, shaking his head. "I had Taylor check her phone, but she deletes her messages. However, he can recover them. He's working on that now. It'll take some time."
“That's a serious invasion of privacy, Mr. Landry," I said, teasingly, raising my brows. The corner of his lips tipped into a smile.
"When it comes to my kids, nothing is off limits. I'll do whatever is in my power to make sure they are safe." Then he added, "All of them," as he put his hand over the swell of my belly.
###Chapter 886
I smiled up at him and leaned even further into him.
"It was good that she didn't come then," I said softly. "If they are in contact, it means that she's still holding out hope that he will come back for her. He's keeping her on a string, and she'll do whatever he wants."
I shuddered at the thought.
"Over my dead body," Gavin said through his teeth. “I'm not letting that asshole have my daughter."
"And that's why I love you," I said, kissing his cheek.
His brows furrowed as he looked down at me.
"Because I refuse to let Chuck win?" he asked.
I let out a soft laugh.
"No, because you're an amazing man and an even more amazing father," I replied.
He pressed his lips to mine, and I melted in the kiss.
"When this is over...once Irene's curse is broken, and she can be free from this jerk, I want us to get married."
I blinked at him.
"Our wedding is in a couple of months," I reminded him.
He nodded and pulled me even closer to him, so I was practically sitting on his lap.
"Yes, but I want us to get married sooner," he told me, pressing his lips to the side of my head. "I want to up the wedding."
My heart stopped in my chest.
The thought of marrying him sooner sent a thrill through me, and I would be lying if I said my wolf wasn't thrilled at the idea. But at the same time, I was still terrified of being a Luna for the largest and strongest pack in the world.
Olivia and her friends were still protesting me, and Lila was still out to get me. She's flaunting her status as a Blackwell, even though she's not technically a Blackwell.
"What's wrong?" Gavin asked, his smile dropping slightly. "You do still want to get married, don't you?"
"Of course, I do," I said without hesitation, turning to face him fully so he knew how serious I was about this. "I want to marry you more than anything in this world..."
His expression softened as he tucked a strand of loose hair behind my ear.
"Good," he said softly. "Are you worried about the protests and the media? If that's the case, then don't worry about them. I have it handled. Nobody is allowed to post reports about you anymore. I'm not going to let them belittle you like that again." 
“Thanks,” I said softly, feeling a little better knowing that I had him in my corner at least.
Just as he was about to say something else, the pilot went over the radio and told
us we were going to be landing soon. I buckled my seatbelt and sat straight as the plane started to descend.
e on the ground and the
Once we were o
plane was parked in its usual
terminal, in the private section of the
airport, unbuckled my belt and stood. Gavin grabbed our
belongings from the overhead compartment above our section. We packed this trip lightly because we
were only planning on staying here until tomorrow. 
Alpha Jeremy already knew of this trip and what we intended to do. Because we explained the entire situation to him, he has agreed to help.
We were met by Alpha Jeremy when we reached the packhouse; he had sent his Beta to get us at the airport, and he took us straight to the packhouse, where we will be staying for the night.
“Alpha Landry,” Jeremy said, holding out his hand for Gavin to shake. “I was honestly surprised when you reached out to me this morning. I wasn't expecting to see you again so soon."
"I apologize for the intrusion,” said Gavin, releasing his hand. “But I'm sure you can understand the severity of this situation."
Jermey nodded.
"I do," Jeremy replied. "I must apologize as well. I had no idea Chuck put a Siren's curse on your daughter. He's always been one of my most valued gammas, which was why I nominated him forthe Gamma competition. It would be at shame for him to lose his life." 
“I'm not here to kill him. I wouldn't take the life of one of your packmates. However, his actions cannot go unpunished. I explained to you already that he needs to return to my territory with me tonight for us to break the curse."
"Yes," Jeremy answered. "You mentioned that. Do what you must, and if punishment needs to take place, I'd like to be informed of it.”
"You have my word," Gavin said with a nod.
"It won't be easy to convince him to go with you," Alpha Jeremy warned. "I'll inform the warriors not to interfere because there's a chance you may need to use force."
###Chapter 887
Judy's POV
“I'm just saying, I think you should stay at the packhouse while I deal with Chuck. It would be safer for you here," Gavin said, his muscles on full display, making my eyes shamefully wander.
It was the next morning, and neither of us slept well. I had a strange urgency inside of me that kept me awake all night. Gavin was in the middle of getting dressed when he told me he didn't think I should go.
Jeremy had told us where Chuck was posted this morning, and he was about to reach that post in about an hour. The rest of the warriors were most likely almost done getting dressed by now and meeting in the packhouse dining hall for breakfast.
I had an urgency to go... I needed to get what we came here for and return to our territory. My wolf felt uneasy being outside of her territory. Strange how she was already thinking of it as hers.
"You're going to need me there. I won't let you go without me, Gavin.”
"We don't know how he's going to react when we try to take him or even talk to him for that matter,” Gavin warned. "If he tried to hurt you, I can't guarantee that I won't kill him."
I smiled at that as I stepped closer to him.
"If he went anywhere near me, there's no guarantee that I won't kill him first," I told him. "I'm not helpless, Gavin. I came here because something inside of me is telling me I need to be here. It's willing me to take action, and I can't ignore it. I need you to be on my team."
"You know I'm always on your team-"
“Then prove it,” I said, cutting him off. “Let me come with you to get Chuck."
He stared at me for a moment, the corner of his lips twitching.
"I know what you're doing," he said, amusement and adoration somehow entwining through his eyes.
I smiled.
"Is it working?"
He let out a laugh; my favorite sound. My heart skipped a beat as he stepped closer to me.
"Yes, it's working," he finally said, his voice low.
I lifted my
head to meet his eyes as he stepped even closer, leaving little to no space between us. He reached up and touched a strand of hair behind my face, letting his fingers brush across my cheekbones and making me tremble.
“Good,” I said, as I brushed my lips across his jaw. "I guess it's good that you know
who you're marrying," I teased.
"I do know who I'm marrying, and I can't wait to make you my bride and Luna," he said just before he closed the space between our lips. His kiss took my breath away and it was over before it truly began, leaving me needy. "But if we are going to do this, we need to leave now. We can't waste any more time." 
“I'll get dressed quickly,” I promised as I rushed to get clothes. Within 5 minutes, I was dressed and ready to go. Then we met with the gammas in the dining hall.
It was early in the morning, so naturally, everyone was tired. But Erik looked like he hadn't slept in days. His eyes had dark circles beneath them, and he looked to have aged 50 years.
Any other day, would have thought he needed some space and let him rest. But today, I needed him to bez focused if we wanted this plan to work. We couldn't risk any major screwups. I had to remember that I had all the training of a gamma and I needed to speak to him on that level. 
"Are you going to be okay today?" I asked as I sat beside Erik at the table.
"Of course," he said without hesitation; he didn't bother looking at me, he was too focused on putting sugar in his black coffee.
Ugh, I missed being able to drink caffeinated coffee. What I wouldn't give for a cup right now...
I shook the thought out of my head as I looked up at Erik. He still wasn't looking at me; he seemed too lost in thought.
“Erik,” I said, trying to gain his attention. When he didn't reply, I said his name again, only much firmer this time, and it made a couple of others look our way as well.
Gavin sat beside me with a tray of food, some of which were my favorites, and placed it in front of me.
Erik finally looked up at me when I said his name the second time.
###Chapter 888
"Hmm?"
I narrowed my eyes at him.
"We need you to be focused and alert. We don't know what kind of trouble we are going to have this morning, and having your mind not fully in this would be dangerous for you and your teammates. Can we count on you, or do you need to tag out?"
Erik kept his gaze locked on mine, and then I could see his resolve cracking.
"I'm worried that this won't work," he admitted. "That we'll get Chuck and bring him back to the Silver Crescent pack... and then we won't be able to break the curse.”
“I know you're scared, Erik. But you must know that I'm not going to stop until Irene is okay,” I told him. "We aren't going to stop trying, and you will someday have your mate."
He was quiet for a moment, but I knew there was something more he wanted to say.
"What if she doesn't want me even after the curse is broken?" He asked, his voice dropping to a whisper. "I've been giving her space because I know I freaked her out, and she wants nothing to do with me. But what if she still wants nothing to do with me even after she's free from Chuck's curse..."
Now I understood the real problem he was having; he was afraid that Irene would still reject him.
"That's a bridge we cross when we get there, but it's important that we break this curse before we think about anything else. The curse is hurting her." I told him. "I need you to be focused, Erik. Can you do that?"
"Yes," he said with a nod. "I can be focused."
Gavin then tugged my chair closer to his and motioned with his head towards the tray of food he got.
"Eat," he ordered.
I smiled.
"Yes, Sir."
Once we were done with breakfast, we met with Alpha Jeremy one last time. Some
of the gammas had already brought our things back to the plane because we
weren't planning to stay here much longer.
Alpha Jeremy gave us the
coordinates of where Chuck was going to be, and we didn't waste any time getting there. The warriors
patroling the area were als
alerted about Gavin's suddenvisit, so they didn't interfere as we made our way towards Chuck's post. 
Chuck's eyes narrowed when he spotted us.
"What are you doing here?" He asked, his brows pinched together.
"We are here to bring you back to our territory," Gavin informed him. "We'll give you
a chance to come with us willingly."
"And why would I do that?"
"Because you put a curse on my daughter and we are going to break that curse as soon as possible,” Gavin said, narrowing his eyes, his gaze turning deadly. “We can either do this the easy way or the hard way... your choice."
Chuck let out a laugh.
"There's no curse on Irene," he said, shaking his head. "I love her and she
loves me, I'm going to ask her to
marry me and everything. She's my fated mate. There's no way I'm
geing tou do whatever it is you think I've done." 
His smirk showed me that he was playing a game, and the way his eyes sparkled told me that he knew exactly what he had done. He was getting a rise out of this, and I found my anger flaring.
"You say she's your fated mate, but then why are you sleeping with another
woman?" I asked before I could think better of it.
His eyes turned into slits as he glared at me.
"It was just a misunderstanding that we cleared up the other day. She knows how I feel about her, and she's prepared to run away with me if thats what it takes," Chuck boasted a smug smile on his lips, he was acting as if he had already won. 
It infuriated me.
“What are you even after, Chuck?” I asked, seething. “Why did you target Irene for your little games?"
The corner of Chuck's lips tipped upward as he leaned forward, his eyes never leaving mine as he said in a low whisper, "Because she's easy."
I barely even saw Erik coming before he was in front of me, punching Chuck in the face. I let out a horrified gasp as I staggered backwards and into Gavin's open arms as he wrapped them around me protectively.
Then there was Chuck, who fell to the ground with blood pouring out of his broken nose.
###Chapter 889
Gavin's POV
Erik was out of control; not that I could blame him. If he hadn't gotten to Chuck first, I'd be the one losing it. I was seconds away from punching Chuck myself.
Chuck growled when he realized his nose was broken. It was getting dangerous here, just as I feared it would. I quickly whipped around to where Judy was standing, my eyes looking onto one of my warriors who was standing closest to her. I didn't have to tell him what I needed; he gave me a nod and stepped in front of her, shielding her from the dangers ahead.
I turned back towards the fight; Erik had the upper hand, and I had to admit, I was proud. Chuck was a large man and an even larger wolf; he had many years of training behind him and was technically above Erik in rank, yet Erik was taking him down like he was nothing.
I had to reevaluate Erik's position once this was all said and done.
The more I thought about it, the more I realized that maybe he wouldn't be such a bad mate for my daughter. At least I know she would be protected and she deserved someone good like Erik.
Though it was appearing that he also had a temper and a dangerous side. I'm not going to lie; I didn't pull Erik off him sooner than I probably should have. I let him have a few more blows in before I stepped into the middle of the fight.
I grabbed Erik and pulled him off Chuck before he entirely shifted into his wolf. Chuck was seething and covered with scratches and blood. He was snarling, his eyes glowing bright, and I knew he was about to shift.
"Stop!!" Judy shouted.
When I turned to look at her, her hand was outstretched, pointing at Chuck. The gamma in front of her seemed frozen in place, his eyes wide, as Judy stepped around him, her cheeks flushed and her eyes almost wild.
But that wasn't the crazy thing; the closer she got, the more I realized she was glowing. It was the same glow as I saw at the packhouse that happened in front of everybody. Her eyes were also a lot brighter than they had been a moment ago, and then, to my surprise, an outline of a wolf appeared around her in the haze of the glow.
My mouth fell open at the sight of her; I had never seen her look like this before, but
I couldn't seem to look away; my wolf was practically panting at the sight of his mate in all her glory.
Her eyes were fixed on Chuck, though, and when I turned to look at him, he had stopped mid-shift.
Once the shifting process starts, it's tough to stop in the middle of it. I could tell from the look on Chuck's
he
face that he was in pain, and fie wasn't pleased. His eyes were glowing yellow, and his teeth were elongated; fur started to sprout from his skin, and some of his bones were half-cracked. 
I looked back at Judy, whose hand trembled slightly, but she didn't drop them. I could practically hear the rapid beating of her heart. Though she put on a brave face and looked like she knew what she was doing, I knew she was terrified of screwing up.
"Why can't I finish shifting?" Chuck asked through his teeth.
Judy walked forward, and as if on cue, the gammas around her stepped away, creating a pathway. She looked so confident and beautiful right now; even if she was secretly terrified, she hid it well and even made Chuck wince slightly.
The corner of my lips curved as I watched her step closer to Chuck. He looked like a scared little boy about to be scolded.
"What are you doing?" Chuck asked. "Stay away from me."
Ignoring him, Judy held up her other hand, her eyes remaining on Chuck's face.
"Make him shift back to human,” Judy said, and for a moment, I wondered who she was talking to. But then I saw it...
Tendrils of magic swirled around her, obeying her command as if it answered to her and her only. Her hair started to rise from the slight breeze that circled us, and then suddenly, orlas of light emerged from Judy's glowing body and headed straight towards Chuck. 
He gave a panicked yelp as the orbs circled him, and then he howled as he shifted
entirely back into his human form.
"What the hell," Chuck growled. "How is that possible?"
The orbs returned to Judy, dancing around her for a moment before
they went back inside her
her glow even brighter for a
moment, then dim. When she let out a breath and stepped back, staring down at her hands with disbelief on her own face, the glowing stopped altogether, and she was back to normal. 
###Chapter 890
There was a lot to unpack with this one, but we didn't have the time to figure it out right now. Chuck was frozen; he was entranced by what had just happened, and I'm sure the magic swirling around him, controlling his wolf and his movements, took a lot out of him. He looked drained.
I looked back at the other gammas who were watching with wide eyes and open mouths. I cleared my throat loudly, getting their attention. Then, I nodded towards Chuck.
I didn't have to tell them what to do; we've already discussed it, and it was planned for this very thing. Well... not the entire thing. We had no idea this was going to happen to Judy, or that she could control other people. But we did have a feeling that Chuck wouldn't go willingly.
After seeing what Judy could do, Chuck and his men didn't even bother fighting. I'm not even sure if Chuck even noticed that he had been taken. My gammas had him tied and lifted before he could even fully grasp what was happening.
Erik stayed back, and I couldn't blame him; he probably wanted to kill Chuck as severely as I did, but we both knew we couldn't. If we did, it would cause a war between territories, and that's not something we can risk.
Judy stood in place, still staring at her hands with awe.
I walked over to her.
"Are you okay?" I asked her, not wanting to startle her while she was lost in thought.
She blinked a couple of times before she looked up at me.
"Something weird happened," she said, biting her lower lip.
I nodded.
"Yes, we all saw," I told her. "Want to talk about it?"
"The magic," she said, her brows furrowing. "It listened to me. I told it to do something... and it did."
"Yes, that's how it seemed on my end, too," I told her. "How did you know that would work?"
She was quiet for a moment, and I knew she was contemplating telling me the truth or not. I could feel the inner turmoil through our bond. I wasn't going to let her lie her way out of this one or keep anything from me. I stepped in front of her, so I was no longer standing beside her. I wanted to face her and force her to look me in the eyes.
She lifted her gaze, and as soon as our eyes locked, her eyes widened.
"Tell me the truth," I demanded. "How did you know that would work?"
She swallowed, and then she let out a breath.
"I heard a voice in my head."
I blinked, not sure I heard her correctly.
"You what?"
She rolled her eyes and folded her arms across her chest.
"I knew you'd think I was crazy... that's why I didn't say anything at first," she told
me. “I heard a voice in my head, and I'm pretty sure it was the Moon Goddess."
"The Moon Goddess spoke to you?" I asked, and then I furrowed my brows.don't think you're crazy. We found out you're a high priestess You were bound to hear her at some point." 
"Please don't call me a high priestess," she murmured. "I'm not even ready to be called a Luna."
I raised my brows and then put my hands on her shoulders, steadying her for a moment.
"You're going to be a fantastic Luna," I told her softly. "You're already a fantastic leader."
"You really think so?"
I nodded, brushing my lips across the tip of her nose.
"I know so," I said, meeting her eyes.
She smiled, and before she could say anything, the sound of her phone ringing pulled us apart. She sighed and reached into her pocket to put out her phone. She pressed the talk button and put the phone. against her cheek. 
“Hey, Nan,” she said as she turned away. She started towards the car that'll take us
back to the airport so we can leave this territory.
I didn't listen to her conversation with Nan; instead, I pulled out my own phone and started a text thread with Taylor.
Me: On our way back. We have Chuck.
Taylor: Good, because we have a problem.
My chest tightened.
Me: What?
Taylor: The pack is protesting Judy outside your villa.
I froze; my eyes shot up to see Judy, and then saw her hands fall to her sides and her shoulders slump. her phone slipping from her hands. knew she had just been told the
same thing. 
###Chapter 891
Judy's POV
I felt sick to my stomach as the plane descended. It meant that we were almost home... Nan called just before the plane took off in Jeremy's territory to tell me that there were a large number of protesters outside the villa, led by Olivia and some of her friends.
My stomach knotted at the thought of them protesting me. Matt and Irene were at the villa as well, so they had to deal with all of this. The last thing I wanted was for this to affect Gavin and his family.
Gavin reached over and took hold of my hand, giving it a gentle squeeze.
"Don't overthink it," he tells me softly. "We will figure this out."
"They are protesting me in front of your home, Gavin. That's not okay," I say to him, hating that tears were starting to fill my eyes.
He wrapped an arm around my shoulders and pulled me into him, practically sitting me on his lap.
"It's your home too," he said softly, placing a soft kiss on the nape of my neck, causing a shiver to run through my entire body. "And if they are disrespecting you, it means they are disrespecting me as well. That's not okay with me."
I snuggled into him, loving how protective he was of me, but I couldn't help but feel guilty as well.
"If I were better....." I started to say, but he silenced me by pressing his lips to mine.
"You are perfect,” he whispered against my mouth. "I don't want you to think otherwise, got it?"
I nodded, though the knot continued to form in the pit of my belly. I was scared of what we were about to walk into. I wasn't sure what we were going to do.
When we finally landed, the gammas kept us on the plane while they assessed the area and deemed it safe. Then Taylor met us in a car, and we got into the vehicle without being detected. I didn't like having to hide like this, and I didn't like forcing Gavin to hide with me.
But he was stuck to my side like my personal bodyguard, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't like him being near me.
I rested against him, his arms still fully around me like a vice, as if he was afraid I might slip away at any moment.
Taylor slipped into the driver's seat and let out a breath as he looked at Gavin through the rearview mirror.
"It's a large number of protesters," Taylor warned, his eyes narrowed. "Mostly women."
"Olivia is leading it?" Gavin asked for clarification.
Taylor let out a breath.
"It was," Taylor said. "But now Lila's there, and it seems like she took over the protest."
"What? “I asked, sitting up straight. “Lila is there?"
He nodded and then put the car into drive.
"I don't think it's safe for you to stay at the villa. I got in contact with the Montagues, and they agreed that you can stay with them for a few days while we sort through everything. Get the pack back in order."
"I'm not letting my future Luna stay anywhere besides with me. We'll go with her," Gavin said, tightening his hold on me.
“I don't want to make you do that,” I said, shaking my head.
"We are a team now," he said, placing a hand over my protruding belly. "We are a family, and we go together...as a family. Irene and Matt would agree as well."
"I need to break the curse for Irene so she can find her true mate," I said, tears filling my eyes. "I can't deal with all these distractions."
These damn pregnancy hormones
were making me way too emotional. I hated that I couldn't stop crying
and that this was hurting me more
ble
it than like to admit Gavin was to read me well, though, and seemed
to know what I needed. He pressed his lips to the side of my face and held me close so I could feel the rhythm of his heartbeat. 
It was calming to both my wolf and me; she just wanted to bury herself inside of him and make a home there He was my home. He was my safe place and at that moment, are knew he was right. I couldn't spend a few nights away from home. I needed to be with him and his family, or I would never be able to handle any of this. 
When we reached the villa, my mouth almost dropped at how many wolves were outside the villa gates Taylor wasn't kidding; it had to be at least half the pack, primarily women. A couple of them in the front had megaphores and most of them had signs reading something negative about me. 
My heart ached at the sight, and I couldn't help but cry more tears that gathered in my eyes. Thankfully, the car was tinted so that nobody could see me. But they weren't stupid; they all knew I was in the car and that Gavin was most likely with me.
###Chapter 892
They turned their attention to the car that was driving through them.
"Judy is nothing but a liar!" Lila said, her eyes pinning the car with a deadly glare. "She's an imposter. She claims that she's the heiress of the Blackwell family, but that's a lie. I'm the only Heiress that the Blackwells know, and my brothers will vouch for me on that!"
It was at that moment that I realized that her brothers, Noah and Emmet, were standing behind her, both their arms folded across their chests. Noah looked as if he'd rather be anywhere but there, but he was still there, standing by his sister and ready to fight her battles.
He was admittedly handsome, but he looked just as mean as Daisy described him, and I suddenly felt bad that she was tied to someone like him. Which reminded me, I needed to help her too.
But I wasn't even sure where to begin with that.
"Judy Montague is a nobody orphan and doesn't deserve to be our luna!" Olivia shouted.
Gavin's growl was fierce, and it sent a chill down my spine.
"Stop the car," he ordered Taylor between his teeth.
"I don't think that's a good idea," Taylor warned.
"Taylor," Gavin warned right back, with a hint of threat behind it.
Taylor sighed and pulled the car over, putting it in park. Before I could comprehend what was happening, Gavin was already getting out of the car and walking towards the crowd that was still standing outside the gates.
"Get off my property before I turn you all into rogues," Gavin growled at them, making their eyes go wide. "If you come here again and disrespect my family, I'll make sure none of you see tomorrow."
"We only want what's best for this pack,” someone in the crowd shouted. "We have a right to decide if we want Judy as our Luna, and we don't. We think Lila would make a better fit."
"She's the Blackwell heiress!" Someone else shouted. "She's the best choice as our Luna... and the only person we trust."
"If you truly believe that this woman is telling you the truth, then that says a lot about you and the pack that I've created. I've failed you otherwise," Gavin said, his eyes burning a hole in each of them. "Get off my property before I send my warriors after you."
They didn't stick around to find out whether he was being truthful. They all started to walk away, murmuring to one another. The only ones who remained were Lila and Olivia, along with Olivia's friends. 
"You are making a mistake, Alpha Landry," Lila said, narrowing her eyes. "We had a
real connection a long time ago, remember? You trusted me—"
"And you broke that trust by lying about who you were," Gavin shot back. “You lost every right to me."
"You can't trust her, Gavin. She's not who she says she is. She's
dangerous she's a psychopné
whois pretending to be me. Um the true heiress," Lila argued. 
"Keep talking and see what happens," Gavin growled before he turned and stormed back to the car.
He got back into the car and pulled me back into his arms as if nothing had happened. My body trembled at what theard, and Taylor continuect driving until we reached the front door. 
When we got inside, Irene and Matt rushed down the stairs to greet us.
"What's happening outside? They won't let us leave,” Irene said, trying to peek outside just before Adam shut the door.
"There's a protest," Gavin explained to her. "Pack a small bag... each of you. We are going to Judy's parents' house for a few nights."
"What?" they both said at the same time, looking at one another. “Why?”
“Because it's not safe here. They will come back, and I'm worried about what they will do," Gavin told her. "For once, do as you're told and pack a small bag."
They nodded and went upstairs. I let out a breath and turned to Gavin.
"If we are going to my parents' house, that means I need to tell them everything
that's happened," I told him. "I can't keep them in the dark about any of this."
He nodded and put his hands on my shoulders to steady me as he looked into my eyes.
"Then, we will tell them together," he told me. "It'll be okay,"
I nodded, my eyes holding his, and then I relaxed because when it came down to it... I believed him.
###Chapter 893
Judy's POV
"Judy, sweetheart. I'm so glad you are here. I've missed you so much," my mother says as she wraps me in her arms. Tears were pricking her eyes when she pulled back to look at me, and then my chest tightened with guilt.
I hadn't seen my parents in the last couple of weeks. Things have been so hectic, and I hadn't been sure how to talk to them. With everything that I've found out about myself... about my real family...how could I break it to them that I'm in contact with my birth family?
I didn't want to hurt their feelings.
"I made up the guest bedrooms,” my mother told me, greeting Irene and Matt with a hug each. I loved how my family and Gavin's family got along so well. My mother treated them like they were her grandchildren, and it warmed my heart to see their faces light up.
It was rare lately for Irene to smile since the whole Chuck thing, but when she saw my parents, she had a big smile on her face, then hugged them, which made me smile.
"Thank you for your hospitality, Michelle," Gavin said, giving my mother a side hug. "My family and I are grateful to you."
"Of course," my mother said, smiling up at him. "Judy is my daughter, and anyone she has in her life is family to me. I was worried when Beta Taylor reached out and told us that you ended up staying here for a few days. He wouldn't get into specifics about any of it. Something about a protest happening at the Villa.”
"Is there something we need to know about?" My father asked, his bushy brows furrowed as he stared at my mate.
"There's a lot you need to know," Gavin told him, his tone becoming formal as he addressed my father. "I apologize for not keeping you in the loop sooner. My mate wanted to tell you what was happening herself, and I'm here to support her in that."
My father looked at me, his brows raised.
“Judy?" He asked, and I knew exactly what he was asking; he wanted to know what was going on in my life, and I needed to come clean and tell him the truth.
I turned to Gavin, and though I was nervous, I said, "I need to talk to them alone."
Gavin raised his brows.
"Are you sure?" He asked.
I nodded, nibbling on my lower lip.
"Is everything okay?" My mother asked, suddenly sounding extremely worried. “You have me scared, sweetie."
I turned to her, tears glistening in my eyes.
"Everything will be fine. But it's something I need to tell you, and I hope you won't react badly," I told her.
Her face paled.
"Is it the baby?" She asked, her voice going hoarse. "Did something happen?"
I shook my head quickly, realizing how this must sound.
"No! The baby is fine. I promise," I assured her, watching her body relax.
I turned to Gavin and peeked up at him; he was watching me curiously, and didn't even have to say any words. He smiled at me and then
leaned down to brush his lips across mine. 
FindNovel.net
"Gross,” Matt said, crinkling his nose and making me laugh against Gavin's lips.
Gavin pulled away and then turned to his kids.
"Okay, guys. Let's get settled upstairs," he told them, guiding them away.
I turned to my parents, who were watching me warily, before my mother took hold of my arm gently.
"How about we sit in the living room?" She suggested.
I nodded and went with them to the living room. I sat on the couch, with my mother on one side of me and my father on the other.
"So, what's going on, Judy Bear?” My father asked, turning to look at me; my mother did the same, both their eyes piercing my side.
I took a deep breath before speaking; this wasn't going to be easy, but I needed them to know the truth.
"I found my birth family," I said, pausing for a moment for them to gather what I had just said.
My mother tensed beside me, but my father made no movements. He just continued
to look at me, both of them remaining silent as they waited for me to continue speaking.
"I've been curious about them for a
long time and I found them.
Actually, I found out more than was
hoping to That woman you toteme about... Meg... she's not my real
tomater than I was
mom." 
"Judy-" my mom started to say, but my father gave her a look that made my insides twist, and it silenced her. She pressed her lips together and stared down at her hands, waiting for me or someone... to continue. speaking. t 
###Chapter 894
"It turns out... I was switched at birth. My real family is the Blackwells, and I'm apparently the heiress who inherited all this magic. I know it sounds bizarre, but—”
My mother's sob silenced me, and I turned to look at her. Her face was pale, and she had tears pouring out of her eyes.
"I'm so sorry," my mother said, wiping at her eyes.
"Shelly..." my father started to say, his voice softer than I had ever heard it.
She gave him a look that silenced him.
"She deserves to know, Richard," my mother told him.
My entire body tensed at her words; they were keeping something from me, and my insides felt like they were going to explode.
My father let out a breath.
"I know..." he finally said after a long pause. "I was just hoping we had a little more time."
"Me too," my mother whispered.
"What is going on?" I asked, staring between the two of them, my brows furrowed and my heart in my throat. "You're keeping something from me?"
"Before we tell you, just know that we love you so much and we only wanted to protect you," my father told me, reaching out and touching my hand. "We never wanted to lie to you... But we knew if you knew the truth, you'd want to find out more information, and you'd come across more than you can handle."
"We wanted you to live a simple life," my mother said as more tears filled her eyes. "We never wanted the weight of the world to rest on your shoulders because it's not fair to you. We are so sorry for not telling you the truth from the beginning, sweetie."
My heart dropped into my stomach as I blinked at them—realization dawning on me in an instant.
"Wait..." I said, trying to wrap my mind around what they were telling me.
"Are you saying... You knew?" I asked, my voice coming out shaky.
They both nodded slowly.
"Yes, we knew,” my father replied. “And we are so sorry..."
I shook my head and quickly stood to my feet, needing some distance between us. I turned to look at them.
"What exactly do you already know?"
"When you were born, we held you in our arms, and then they took you away. An
hour later, they brought you back... and you weren't you," my mother said between her tears.
"I mean... technically you were you... But you weren't you before," my father clarified.
"You weren't the baby we initially held," my mother said softly, standing to her feet.
"And you didn't say anything?" I asked, my brows furrowed. "Why?"
"Meg thought it was better that way... she wanted her baby protected and far away from her family. She thought maybe it would be for the best if she were with a family she knew nothing about that way her baby could remain hidden." 
"So, what?" I asked, staring between the two. "I'm a decoy?"
My mother sucked in a sharp breath.
"We never thought of you as a decoy. We love you so much, Judy. And we were going to tell you the truth once you were older. We had no idea about you being a BlackweII or having magic at the time. And then when we did find out. 
"Wait, you knew about the magic, too?" I asked, my mouth parted in shock.
"Yes," my father said, also standing to his feet. "We were informed a few years later, and we knew we had to protect you no matter what. So we agree? never to tell you. If you didn't know then there wouldn't be an issue. Your never get your magie, and you'll remain safe." 
Hurt flashed in my eyes as I took a step away from them.
"You kept something this important from me because you were afraid?" I asked,
tears swirling in my eyes. "And you think that's a good enough excuse?"
"Of course not," my mother said, stepping closer to me. "This is coming out wrong..."
"You realize you pretty much kidnapped me and then kept my identity a secret for years?” I asked, my voice coming out bitter.
My mother looked like I had just slapped her, and my father's face turned red.
"Judy-"
“I think I've heard enough. If you'll excuse me,” I said, and then I turned and stormed out, leaving them staring after me in shock.
###Chapter 895
Judy's POV
"What happened?" Gavin asked as I stormed into my room, shutting the door behind me. My entire body sagged against the door, and I suddenly felt lightheaded... a wave of nausea washing over me.
"They knew..." I murmured. "They knew that I was switched at birth the entire time."
Gavin wrapped me in his arms, holding me close to his chest as he pressed a kiss to the top of my head.
"I'm sure there's a good explanation," he murmured, holding me tighter because he knew I was probably going to pull out of his embrace.
"Gavin, they knew I was switched, and then they found out about the magic," I told him, looking up at him as he looked back at me. "What explanation could there be for not telling me?"
"Your parents are good people and great Deltas," Gavin reminded me. "They aren't malicious, and they love you. They want what's best for you, and if keeping something from you is what they think is best.... I'm sure there's a reason behind it."
I wanted to believe him, but I couldn't fathom not telling the truth from the beginning. I get wanting to protect me from magic, but didn't they think I had a right to know that I was some magical being?
"Taylor just called me to tell me that Lila is hosting some kind of party tomorrow."
I looked up at him, my brows furrowed.
"A party?" I asked.
"She's just trying to get the pack on her side. She thinks if she throws parties and spends money on them, they'll like her more and vote her to be the Luna," he tells
me.
My heart sinks.
"And that can work? Can she really be voted to be a Luna?"
"No, of course not... It's not their choice, it's mine. No matter what, it'll always be my choice.... H ver, they can make things very difficult for us," Gavin warned me. "Which is why we need to knock her off her high horse and get control of the pack back."
"Do you suggest we go to the party?" I asked, raising my brows.
"I suggest we take as many gammas with us and break up the party," Gavin retorted. "I'm also going to get a hold of Zachary Blackwell in the morning and speak to him about Lila. He might not be her biological father, but he still raised her, and he's the only father that she knows."
A thought popped into my head at that moment; not only was I taken from my birth family when I was switched at birth, but Lila was taken from her family as well. She was taken away from Meg, her birth mother... she was taken away from the Churchills.
"Do you think she would still be like this if we weren't switched at birth?" I asked. "If my parents were the ones to raise her? And what about me? How would I end up? Would I be like Lila?"
Gavin looked down at me, his expression thoughtful.
"I think you would have still been you,” he told me. “I can't imagine you being anyone else."
I leaned against him as he wrapped me back in his arms, and I felt safe and comforted in his embrace.
"Why can't things just be simple?" I breathed. "I just want to marry my mate and live a simple life."
He brushed a strand of hair out of my face.
"Maybe that's what your parents were trying to make happen," he told me, giving me a knowing look.
I knew he was right; my parents would never keep something like this from me if they didn't think it was for the best. Gavin pulled me towards the bed his lips finding mine, and I melted into the kiss.
“I love you,” he said softly. “And soon, you are going to be Judy Landry... my wife
and Luna. The mother of my child."
He put his hand on my belly, and we
both smiled when we felt our baby
kicking. He was getting bigger and faster; Iwas already waddling around only 5 months pre theory, at least, Eliza said that
In
because our baby is powerful and filled with his own magic, he's
growing at a faster rate than a normal baby. I'm going to be giving birth that much sooner. 
The thought terrified me; I barely had time to comprehend any of it. I was also going to be a fat bride, which really unsettled me. But I forced a smile and leaned further into my mate knowing that had
th?t theo
him in my corner and I couldn't be happier about that. 
"When this is all over, can we just focus on our wedding?" I asked him, wrapping my
arms firmly around his waist as we lay in bed together.
“I wouldn't want anything else,” he said, pressing his lips to my temple.
I smiled and snuggled into them.
“Have you talked to Irene tonight?” I asked him. “How's she feeling?”
"Tired," he told me. "But she'll be fine. Once we figure out how to break the curse
that's on her, she will be even better."
I nodded.
"Erik is getting restless," I told him. "He's been texting me since we got back to the Silver Crescent pack, and I'm not really sure what to tell him.”
###Chapter 896
Gavin yawned.
“Let's figure it out in the morning, and then we will decide the next steps,” he tells
me.
I nodded in agreement, feeling my body relaxing against his and sleep taking over. It didn't take long before I was falling asleep in his arms.
We woke the next morning to the sound of light chattering in the kitchen and the smell of bacon and eggs. My mouth watered at the scent, and my stomach growled. I loved it when my mother made breakfast growing up, and it brought me back to my childhood.
I had a really good childhood, and I had my adoptive parents to thank for that. I knew they were protecting me and I couldn't be upset with them for that. However, I also knew that it wasn't right for them to take me away from my birth family just because they were trying to protect Meg's baby.
"I should talk to my parents today," I told Gavin as we finished getting dressed. "I don't want to leave things off on a bad note, and I think I should hear them out."
Gavin nodded.
"I think that's a good idea," he told me, a small smile ghosting his perfect face.
I nodded, letting out a breath as I followed him out of the room. He took hold of my hand, entwining our fingers, and I felt complete. We made our way down the stairs and into the kitchen, where the chattering grew louder.
Everybody was already awake; Irene was seated at the table with my father, and Matt was helping my mother cook pancakes.
"It smells good in here," I say as we enter.
My mother and father stopped what they were doing to look at me, and I felt the tension simmering in the air. I offered them both a small smile, hoping to make some kind of peace. I was still upset with them, but I was willing to work through it.
"Good morning," my mother said, warily. "Did you sleep well?"
I sucked my bottom lip into my mouth.
"Yes. Thank you again for letting us stay here," I told her.
"This will always be your home, sweetie. No need to thank me."
Her words warmed me and I felt a bit guilty about our argument last night.
"Do you need any help?" I asked, changing the subject to a lighter note.
My mother cleared her throat and then turned back to her pan, looking around at all the stuff in front of her.
"I think Matt and I can handle it," she said, peeking down at Matt, who stood proudly beside her. "Isn't that right?"
Matt nodded, looking boyish, and made my heart swell.
"Yeah, we got it,” Matt said, agreeing with her and making her laugh lightly.
"How about you both go sit at the table with your father and Irene, and we'll finish getting breakfast ready made some decaf coffee for you Judy, in the red coffee pot. The black coffee pot is regular coffee for
"
anyone else who'd like a cup. Cóntent 
Gavin kissed my cheek.
"I'll get you some coffee," he tells me before he goes over to the coffee pots.
I lowered myself into the seat.
“Lila is posting all over social media,” Irene said, crinkling her nose. “She's throwing
a huge party tonight, and can you believe she dared to send me an invitation?”
Irene rolled her eyes in annoyance.
"She invited you?" I asked, my brows raised.
"Yup. And she's hosting this party in neutral territory, so she's not
breaking any rules. Noah and
Emmet will be there as well, as
backup. Also, everyone is talkie
about how Daisy Baldwin has hit rock bottom and looks like a complete mess lately. They're also saying she'll be working the event because she has no money and is desperate for pay. She looks ridiculous with these recent photos they took of her." 
Irene crinkled her nose as she scrolled through the photos the media had taken of Daisy. I felt bad for her, from what I knew... she was anchored to Noah Blackwell, and he wasn't releasing her I had a feeling when rumors were true, though, that she was going to be at that party working as the Blackwell slave because that's pretty much what she was doing. 
"I'm not going to be able to break up a party that's not on my territory," Gavin said, putting a cup of decaf coffee in front of me.
It wasn't the same as the real stuff, but it still tasted delicious, and he knew exactly how I liked my coffee made. I took in the scent of the hot elixir before bringing the cup to my lips and taking a deep sip.
"Then I guess we will have to come up with something different..." I say, looking around at the table, and then a smile tips the corner of my lips.
"What are you thinking?” Gavin asked, searching my face as if the answers were right there.
"I'm thinking..." I say, turning to look at him. "That we are going to crash a party."
###Chapter 897
Third Person POV
Lila smiled at herself in the mirror as she smoothed down the soft fabrics of her dress. She was about to host a party for all of her supporters to show them how much she appreciates them.
"Miss Lila, you look stunning," Olivia, one of her head supporters, cooed from behind her. “Everybody is going to love you."
“I wouldn't have been able to do any of this without you, Olivia," Lila said, turning to face her new friend. "You've rallied so much of the pack behind me, and for that, I
thank you."
Olivia blushed.
"I don't want that orphan to be our Luna. She'll make a terrible Luna. She wasn't trained for it, and she'll be the downfall of this pack," Olivia said with a scowl, folding her arms across her chest. "I only want what's best for our pack, and you are what's best. Now that your family is out of hiding, I want to make you way more known.”
Lila smiled even wider as she put her hand on Olivia's shoulder.
"You are too kind," Lila said gently before pulling her hand away. "I truly do appreciate you, Olivia. Your friends are also very kind, and their efforts are appreciated. Pretty soon, Gavin will see that I'm the perfect match for him, and he'll drop Judy. He cares about this pack more than anything and always has. Once he sees that I'm a better Luna, he'll leave her and come straight to me."
Both girls laughed.
"We should get to the party then," Olivia said. "Your guests are all waiting for the woman of the hour."
Lila's cheeks reddened, and an eagerness filled her chest, though she kept it hidden as she stepped towards the door that led to the party room. Her brothers were already there, not believing that their sister wasn't really their sister.
As she rounded the corner, she paused when she saw a familiar face.
Daisy Baldwin was serving drinks on platters, wearing nothing but a collar around her neck and Lila's chest tightened for a moment. Daisy didn't look like herself; she was thinner, her hair was messy, and her makeup was smudged on her face. On top of all that, she was completely naked.
Then again, nudity really didn't matter in the werewolf community, but in this context, it was still strange. Noah stood off in the distance with his own drink in hand and his arm wrapped around a pretty redhead.
Lila knew that it was killing Daisy to see him with another woman.
Brushing the thought out of her mind, Lila turned to her future pack and brightened her smile.
It was show time.
Judy's POV
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Nan asked after we finished getting ready. We were about to go to Lila's party in the neutral territory.
"At this point, I'm not really sure about anything," I admit. "But regardless, this is my pack, and I can't let her win."
Nan nodded and put a hand on my shoulder, squeezing it tightly.
"You are going to be an amazing Luna, Judy, she told me, a soft smile playing on her lips. She knew of my anxieties when it came
being Luna and I'm still no ne
sure it shes right. But for once I actually believed that maybe I could be a great Luna. 
I cared so much about Gavin and his territory... I cared about the people around here. I wanted to protect those I cared about; that was the point of my becoming a gamma. Maybe being a Luna was two in the same.
“Thanks, Nan,” I said, wrapping an arm around her. “You're a really good friend."
She smiled at me and nudged my shoulder with hers.
"I'm the best. And don't you forget it," she teased.
"Never,” I said with a smile. "Sorry for pulling you away from your restaurant again.”
"It's completely fine; I just hired a
new closer, so I don't need to be there tonight, and Chester's on standby in case anything happens. I'm just glad your parents were able to watch Emalyn on such short notice." 
"You know they love that little girl," I told her with a laugh. "They think of her as their granddaughter. You were practically one of their children, too.”
Nan blushed.
A knock on the door brought our attention to the doorway, and my mother stood
before us. She was staring between the two of us with a hesitant smile.
"You girls look beautiful," my mother said, tears filling her eyes. "Sorry, I'm just feeling a little emotional. Nan, do you mind if I speak to Judy alone before you girls leave?"
“Of course,” Nan said before turning back to me. "I'll see you downstairs."
I nodded as she turned and left,
leaving me alone with my mom. I hadn't had the chance to talk to her after our argument last night, and still felt so guilty for how I reacted. I know my mom and dad love me; that's never been a question should have given them the benefit of the doubt because they wouldn't do anything to hurt me...at least not on purpose. 
###Chapter 898
"I'm so sorry, Judy," my mom said before I had the chance to speak. "I should have told you the truth. Keeping it from you wasn't right, but most importantly, I shouldn't have let Meg convince me to look the other way when you were switched at birth. We never really understood what happened, but Meg could sense the magic that still clung to you even after they took your powers. We knew it was selfish, but we wanted to keep you safe. To Meg, you might have been used as a decoy, but to us, you've always been our daughter, and we would never trade you for anything."
Tears swirled in my eyes as I wrapped my arms around her.
"I love you, Mom," I whispered. "I'm so sorry for doubting you... I just hated the idea of being used as a decoy to hide another baby... one you were trying to protect. At the expense of another family."
She wrapped me in her arms and held me a bit tighter.
“Oh, sweetie, I know how it must make us look. I never truly forgave myself for taking a daughter away from her mother. But your father and I never thought of you as a decoy, despite everything. You'll always be our daughter, no matter what. I don't care if you are a Blackwell, or a Churchill, or a Landry... you will always be a Montague." She kissed the side of my face. "Don't ever forget that."
I hug her tighter.
“I never will,” I assured her before I pulled away. I wiped the tears beneath my eyes and smiled at her. "I have to go... I have a pack to win over."
My mother squeezed my hand.
"Judy, you are going to make a great Luna. Soon, the pack will see that as well," my mother said, a small smile forming on her lips. "And if you can't win them this time, there's always next time. You have so many already in your corner. You don't need to worry about a thing. It'll work out."
My heart swelled at her words, and Like Nan earlier, I believe her. I felt more confident going to this party.
I hugged my mother one last time before I left and went downstairs to join Nan, Irene, and Gavin.
Nan and Irene had invitations that included plus ones... which is why they are both attending with Gavin and me, because neither of us was invited to Lila's party; shocker.
"Ready to go?" Nan asked.
"As ready as we'll ever be," Irene said, sounding as thrilled as I felt.
On that note, we left my parents' home and got into the back of the limo; Erik was the driver, and when Irene saw him, she tensed beside me. I looked over at her, wondering if she was okay, but she was looking down at her hands, her cheeks red.
I made a mental note to talk to her later.
When we reached the party, my heart started to hammer even wilder against my chest. There were so many people, and a majority of them I recognized from around
the pack. Erik pulled up towards the front and parked the limo.
"Is there anything else you need from me, Alpha?” he asked, peering at Gavin through the rear-view mirror.
"Just stay with the limo and keep your phone with you. I'll text you when it's time for us to leave," Gavin told him.
Erik nodded, then got out of the limo
and walked around to open our doors. Gavin took hold of my hand and helped me out of the limo. Nan and Irene followed after, bothe looking gorgeous in their dresses and hair done, Irene was the one who helped both Nan and me with our hair, so neither of us looked out of place. 
Just as we were about to walk through the crowd, Gavin's phone went off He paused as he glared down at the screen a furrowo between his brows. fo FindNovel.net
"It's Zachary Blackwell," Gavin sighed. "I need to take this."
I nodded.
"We'll be fine. We can meet up with you after."
"Are you sure?" He asked.
“Of course,” I tell him. “It'll be fine. I promise."
He lowered himself and brushed his lips against mine.
"I love you," he murmured against my lips.
Before I could reply, he was pulling back and answering the call, pressing his phone
to his ear as he walked away to a quieter place.
I turned to Irene and Nan while I said, 'And then there were 3."
Together, we followed the crowd towards the main entrance, and we waited in line. Once we reached the front of the line, one of the bouncers narrowed his eyes at us. 
"Names?"
"Judy Montague," I replied.
He searched the list, his frown deep.
"You're not on the list... You cannot enter this party without being on this list."
###Chapter 899
Judy's POV
"It wouldn't be under Judy's name," Irene said, stepping beside me. "It'd be under mine or Nan's. We are the ones who were invited. Irene Landry."
The bouncer raised his gaze to Irene and narrowed his eyes, his frown deepening. “Irene Landry?" He asked, slowly. "Do you have some kind of ID?"
Irene looked taken aback by the question. Her brows furrowed
"My ID?" She asked. "I don't have my purse on me, but that shouldn't matter. I'm Irene Landry... I never need my ID."
"If you don't have your ID, then you can't enter," the bouncer said, folding his arms across his chest and narrowing his eyes.
Irene's cheeks flushed.
"Look, I don't know who you think you are, but you can't talk to me like that," Irene said. “I'm a Landry. My father could end your career?"
"Nice try, but the Landry's don't go to parties outside of their territory. Gavin Landry would never allow his precious daughter to go this far from the Silver Crescent Pack. It's unheard of."
"Are you kidding me?" Irene asked, narrowing her eyes. "I was literally invited. Check the list... my name should be there."
"Yes, and it was never confirmed. How do I know you didn't find out that Irene Landry was invited and are now posing as her?”
"Are you serious?” Nan asked, narrowing her eyes and folding her arms across her chest. “I'm on that list, too. Nan Rugby?"
He looked at the list and then back at Nan.
"Nan Rugby also did not RSVP. Do you have an ID to prove that you are her?"
"I left all my stuff in the limo," Nan said, rolling her eyes. "I'm not sure how far Erik had gotten."
She turned to look at me.
"You're making a big mistake," I tell the bouncer. "I'm engaged to Gavin. You are denying us entry?" I asked.
"Yeah, and I'm the King of the world,"
the bouncer laughed as his eyes
iff
trailed over my body. "Trust me, I know Alpha Gavin Landry, and if wasn't convinced before I am now. You girls are trying to play me for a foot. There's no way Alpha Landry would go for someone like... you." 
His eyes dropped to my belly, and I felt heat flood my cheeks.
"What is that supposed to mean?" Nan asked, stepping closer to him like she was about to fight him, but Irene held her hand up, effectively stopping her.
"It means I've seen the women that Alpha Landry is seen with, and they are stunning... and thin," the bouncer said, his eyes finding my belly again, a scowl on his face. "Not someone round..."
My mouth nearly hit the ground.
"I'm pregnant, you jerk," I said through my teeth. "Comment on my body again and see what happens."
"Okay, I'm going to have to ask you, ladies, to leave. If you can't prove that you are who you say you are, I'm going to have to assume you're lying. No ID... no Entry," the bouncer said. "You haven't even shown me the invitation."
The invitation was on both of their phones, which neither of them had. We didn't think we would need any of this stuff; when we go out as group we don't usually need to bring anything Almost everybody in the territory knew who we were by now." Though we don't often travel into neutral territory, I've never seen this guy before. 
How could he not at least recognize Irene, who's been featured in a ton of magazines? I looked around, trying to get a glimpse of someone we knew. There were a few recognized from the pack watching the ordeal; however, they did not attempt to help. They upturned their noses and pretended they weren't watching. 
Clearly, they were on the side of Lila, and this was their show of disrespect towards their future Luna.
"Come on," Irene said, grabbing my arm and pulling me away from the bouncer. "I don't want to cause a scene. It'll look bad."
I followed her back through the crowd, my hands clenched at my sides.
"So, what's the plan? Have Gavin call Erik and have him come back?" Nan asked, shaking her head and pressing her lips firmly together, creating a thin line.
"No, we don't need him to return," Irene said, a little too quickly. "My father will sort this out and-"
“I'll sort what out?" Gavin asked as he walked towards us. “What happened?"
He put a hand on the small of my back.
"That bouncer wouldn't let us in without an ID, and Nan and I left our things in the limo,” Irene said, folding her arms across her chest.
“Wait, what?” Gavin asked, his eyes darting towards the front entrance.
The line was getting smaller now that most were either inside or forced to leave because they weren't invited.
###Chapter 900
"He won't let us in," Irene said again, "He's being a complete dick."
"Give me a second," Gavin muttered as he pulled out his phone.
Irene had the look of triumph on her face, and then she motioned for me to follow her. Nan and I trailed after her, wondering what she was doing. Then, we saw her approach the bouncer again.
"I'm warning you... You better let us in," she said, raising her voice a little louder.
My chest tightened; Irene was right earlier when she said we shouldn't cause a scene. I wondered why she suddenly changed her mind.
"You again?" The bouncer asked, rolling his eyes. “Did you get me an ID proving your story?"
"I don't need my ID... I've never needed it before. I understand that you're new around here... but you don't want to cross my family or me," Irene said through her teeth.
I could hear the emotion in her voice, and I knew this was much more than some asshole trying to keep us out of an event.
"I'm not going to tell you again," the bouncer said, narrowing his eyes. "I have a direct order from the host of this party not to let anyone in who didn't RSVP and to keep an eye out for any impostors."
"We aren't impostors," Irene said, scowling.
"Do you really think you're the first ones today to tell me that they are important and need to be at this party?"
Irene was about to say something more, but then the small gasps around us drew my attention to Gavin, who was walking through the crowd. His face was stone cold and very much like the Gavin I first met.
The bouncer's face paled at the sight of him, and he stepped back.
“Alpha Landry?” The bouncer stammered. “What an honor, Sir."
“Daddy, that's the guy being a dick," Irene said, folding her arms across her chest and giving the guy a smug smile.
His eyes widened, and his face paled even more if that was possible. Gavin's glare was chilling; even I had to look away.
"Is there some kind of problem here?" Gavin asked, his tone deep.
"No, Alpha," the bouncer said, his body shaking. "Of course, not... I didn't know she was your daughter... I thought she was lying."
"I told him it was me," Irene said, rolling her eyes.
"What's your name?"
"Alex," the bouncer replied quickly. "I just started."
"You're new around here?"
Alex nodded.
"Yes, Alpha."
"Then let me clear something up," Gavin said, his voice chilling. "If you disrespect
my daughter or my mate, you're disrespecting me. And you don't want to be disrespecting me because I can make things very difficult for you, even if you live on neutral territory."
“I........I didn't mean any harm... I—”
"Alex!" A deep and powerful voice said from a short distance.
A bulky man stalked over, his eyes narrowed and lip curling in anger.
"Boss?" Alex asked, his eyes wide, clearly not expecting to see his boss walking towards him. Now he was even more tense and looked like he was about to jump out of his skin.
“What's this I'm hearing you're upsetting the Landry's. If the Landry's want to get into something, you let them in. That's the rule around here," his boss growled. "You've upset the wrong family."
“I thought they were lying,” Alex said. “I had no idea what the Landry family looked like. Please accept my apology."
"You're fired, Alex," his boss said. "I'm going to take over your post for the rest of the night. Get out of my face before I get violent.”
I didn't hear the rest of the
conversation. Gavin was guiding me away and through the doors of the party, Irene and Nan following after us. Once we were inside, I thought I'd be able to breathe a little better having passed through the doors, but my chest felt tight, and my stomach rolled with nerves. 
As we searched through the crowd, trying to get a glimpse of Olivia or Lila and put a stop to this whole
thing, my
eves found Daisy and i
heart dropped. She was completely naked, walking around serving
drinks. She looked thin and
miserable, and I knew it probably had something to do with Noah. 
I needed to break her curse and help her before she lost herself entirely. I spotted Irene arguing with yet another person who either looked at her wrong or bumped into her. She's been testy this past day, and it made me worry a her even more. I
knew it probably had something to
do with Chuck. 
I had to figure out how to break these curses. I just needed to figure out how.
###Chapter 901
Judy's POV
When Lila throws a party... she really throws a party.
It wasn't what I expected at all; it was chaotic. The music was loud, and people were hanging out both inside and outside. There were bouncers checking invitations, and I could also smell rogues... a lot of rogues.
I looked around with a frown, and then I felt Gavin by my side, his hand resting on
my lower back as we navigated through the crowds of people, trying to find a decent place to stand. We weren't really here to party; we were mostly just here to investigate and put a stop to whatever plans Lila might have while throwing this party.
When I looked up at Gavin, a questioning look in my eyes, he gave me a curt nod as if he could read my thoughts.
"I can smell them too," he murmured. "I think they are guests."
I sucked in a sharp breath.
"She invited rogues to this party?" I asked, my heart thudding against my chest.
Why would Lila invite rogues to her party? They weren't a part of our pack and had no say in whether or not she became a Luna or not. Not to mention, they were dangerous and unpredictable creatures.
"It's neutral territory; they are allowed here," he reminded me.
"Yeah, but I don't see why she'd invite them to begin with, and how does she even know them? The bouncer isn't letting anyone in unless their name is on the invite list. She would have had to invite each of these rogues personally."
"The Blackwell family had been away for a long time in hiding. I'm not entirely sure who they've encountered during their absence.”
"I'm definitely going to need a drink," Irene murmured, her eyes glued to her phone.
She had a faraway look on her face, and my chest tightened at the sight; I knew she was probably waiting for a text or something from Chuck. She still had no idea that we had Chuck captured and being interrogated back at the Silver Crescent packhouse by Beta Taylor.
She doesn't want us to know that she's been in contact with him, but we know. I wanted to ask her about it, but I thought against it, not wanting to upset her. Besides, we needed to focus more on whatever Lila was planning and less on Irene's relationship situation.
"I could go for a drink too," Nan admitted. "Is there a bar around here?"
"Yeah, there's one around the corner," Gavin replied as we made our way towards an empty small table. My back was hurting from all this walking and standing, so when we found the table, I let out a breath of relief. I was so ready for this pregnancy to be over; I was over 6 months pregnant at this point, but I looked like I was about to pop at any moment.
Eliza warned me that I was going to start getting bigger a lot faster because of how powerful this baby was. It wasn't a normal pregnancy, that's for sure, but I didn't think I would be wobbling around this early on.
Gavin helped me sit down.
"I'll get us some drinks. You, ladies, stay seated and don't talk to anyone," Gavin said, eyeing each of us.
We all nodded in agreement. He bent and pressed his lips against mine, and it took everything I had not to pull him closer and deepen the kiss.
I loved kissing this man. He set my insides on fire every time.
Irene put her phone down and leaned back in her seat; she looked tired, and I knew
it was because she hadn't slept in a while.
"Are you feeling okay?" I asked her, eyeing her carefully.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I want to get this over with. Can we find Lila, put a stop to whatever shit she's doing, and then go home?" Irene asked.
She didn't sound like herself. She sounded irritated, and it made my chest tighten.
"We are working on it," I assured her. "Just need a little patience."
Irene rolled her eyes, acting like a bratty teenager, as she picked her phone back up and started to type away again. I shared a worried look with Nan, who offered me a slight shrugim return, neither of uso. knowing what was running through Irene's head. 
Gavin returned moments later with drinks in hand. He gave both Irene and Nan a glass of wine, him a glass of whisky, and me some water with a temor smiled my thanks to him as I took a sip of the water, letting out a breath of relief as it soothed my dry throat. 
"I have to use the bathroom," Irene suddenly said as she stood.
Gavin looked like he was about to protest her going off by herself, but I put my hand on his arm to stop him.
"I'll come with you," I told her, and then I looked at Nan. "Coming with us?"
She nodded and stood to her feet.
We made our way through the crowd until we found the bathrooms down a long hallway.
Irene made her way into a stall, and I leaned against the counter with Nan standing beside me, fixing her hair and makeup.
"So, what's the plan?" Nan asked, peeking at me through the mirror.
"I'm not sure we have one," I admitted. "I guess we are just waiting for Lila to make some kind of move."
"What kind of move do you think
she's going to make at a party?" Nan
asked, raising her brows. "It's not like
she's going to cause a sceneg
anything content 
###Chapter 902
"For Christ's sake, she's Lila Blackwell... of course she's going to make a scene. Being the center of attention is what she does best," Irene said as she flushed the toilet.
The stall door swung open, and she stepped out, staring between the two of us. We were staring back at her, wide-eyed, and then she rolled her eyes and made her way to the sink.
“But as a future Luna, you can't let this bitch let you break. You need to stand strong and show this pack who is truly in charge," Irene continued as she washed her hands. She was avoiding both of our concerned looks now.
"And how am I supposed to do that?" I finally asked after a pause.
She looked as if she were about to answer, but then the door swung open, and my entire body froze as Olivia and a couple of her friends walked into the bathroom. They all sneered when they saw us.
"Who let trash into this party?" Olivia asked, folding her arms across her chest.
"Liv..." Irene murmured in greeting as she threw her paper towel away. "I should have known we'd run into you at some point."
"I have to say, Irene. I'm surprised you're even out of bed," Olvia said, her eyes narrowed. "Aren't you embarrassed to be seen in public? You are all the tabloids can talk about with your recent breakup. Such a shame you can't seem to keep a mate. You must be so depressed."
"You shouldn't talk about something you have no idea about," Irene said between her teeth, her cheeks flushed.
I stepped in front of Irene, feeling a wave of protectiveness.
“Let's not do this in here,” I said, putting a stop to whatever Olivia was going to say in return. “We were just leaving the bathroom, so if you'll excuse us...”
Olivia laughed, sending a chill down my spine.
"Oh, this is rich. Are you seriously trying to act like you are some superior boss or something? Just because you are marrying our Alpha doesn't make you our boss," Olivia spat. “It just means Alpha Landry clearly lacks judgment, but Lila will set him straight soon enough."
I raised my brows.
"Actually, it kind of does," I said, tapping my chin with my finger. "In fact, I'm pretty sure that makes me his Luna, which would also make me your Luna."
She pressed her lips together and stepped closer to me.
"You will never be our Luna," she said through her teeth. "Lila Blackwell is way more deserving, and she's got real experience learning all the ways of being a Luna by Selene Blackwell herself... a true inspiration. You have nothing to offer us, and pretty soon, Alpha Landry will see that as well, and then he will choose Lila over you."
"Are you forgetting that Judy is pregnant with Gavin's baby?" Nan asked, stepping forward to stand beside me. "He's not going just to throw her away."
"Not to mention she's my father's mate," Irene murmured, shaking. “You're insane if you think he'd choose Lila over his own mate."
"This is why Lita is throwing this
1.n
party," Olivia said with a shrug. "To show the pack that she cares about them and she is willing to do whatever it takes to prove to them that she can be trusted. Then there will be a voting period during which the entire Silver Crescent pack can Vote for or against Lila. As a pack, we are allowed to appeal to any Luna, and we appeal to you." 
I felt rooted to the ground, blood rushing to my ear.
Nan put a hand on my shoulder, centering me.
"Don't let her get to you, Judy. You'll make a great Luna," she assured me, keeping her tone low. "And Gavin would never let anything like that happen. You have to believe that."
I let out a breath; she was right, and I did believe that.
"Let's get out of here," I said as I walked around Olivia. I half-expected her to step in front of us, mean-gir style, and prevent us from leaving the Bathroom But she stepped aside, her eyes turning into stits as we passed her. 
"Don't say we didn't warn you," Olivia said in a low and threatening tone.
I stopped for a moment to stare at her, really stare at her, an di saw a flurry of emotions in her eyes that made me pause. But the feelings were gone after a second, and t
wasn't even sure if they were ever there to begin with. 
Gavin was waiting for us in the hallway when we left the bathroom. He had a worried look on his face.
"Were Olivia and her friends in there with you?" He asked. “I saw them walking in this direction."
“Yeah, I said, taking his offered arm. “But it wasn't anything we couldn't handle.”
"They are actual bitches,” Irene murmured as she walked in front of us and back towards the party.
"Are you okay?" Gavin asked me softly.
I looked up at him and nodded; I didn't want to tell him what Olivia had said because
I didn't want him worrying about me.
"Good because you might need your energy," he murmured.
"Why?" I asked, my brows furrowed.
He was quiet for a moment, his hand tightening on my lower back slightly.
“Because Lila is about to make a speech, and I think things are about to go down. You need to be prepared for the worst. When I say we leave... we leave."
###Chapter 903
Judy's POV
The crowd seemed to be going in one direction. We followed them over to a large stage on the far side of the venue, and that's when I saw Lila in the flesh, standing with a mic in hand and a smile spreading across her face.
She loved the attention; that much was clear.
"Thank you all for coming to my party," Lila said into the mic. “I'm so honored to have all of this support. Following in my mother's footsteps is all I truly wanted; she's such an inspiration to all, and having her back me up and support me on this journey means everything."
I sucked in sharp breath.
She had to be lying, right? There's no way Selene would stand by and allow this to happen. She gave me Luna lessons and agreed to continue to do so until I'm confident enough to be a Luna on my own. She would have told me if Lila was planning on competing against me.
Wouldn't she?
"Being a Luna means everything to me, and having your support is important. If you haven't already, please see my brothers so you can donate to the Lila Blackwell Fund. It'll truly help me better the future of the territory. Though my family is rich, I'd really love it if those who support me could contribute."
My heart hammered in my chest; I looked up at Gavin, whose brows were pinched together. We watched as some members of the crowd approached Noah Blackwell, who held a small donation box.
They were taking money from people?
Lila reached up and touched her necklace, making my eyes widen for a moment. It looked like the Moon Gem, but I knew that it wasn't real. I didn't feel the same pull as I did with the real moon gem, and this one didn't glow. This one barely made any movement as she ran her thumb across the delicate edges.
"And to prove that I only want what's best for this pack, my brothers are presenting a check for 1 billion dollars to the Landry Foundation. Whatever money you donate will be returned to you tenfold and put
towards improving this entire
territory not just
the Silver Cresc
pack. I'm sure you are also
wondering why I chose this neutral
territory for this party."
She motioned for Noah, who handed the donation bin to his younger brother, Emmet. Noah walked onto the stage with a pretty blonde by his side; she was curled up against him, and his arm was wrapped around her waist. She was smiling up at him as he took the mic from Lila, kissing her on the cheek like a doting brother.
I had to stifle an eye-roll because I knew it was all a show.
"I present to you the deed to this neutral territory," Noah announced, pulling a piece of paper out of his coat pocket. Everyone, including me, gasped. "We are expanding the Landry territory, which means more homes and more pack members. We are willing to take in fogues as long as you show your support to my sister and vote for her to be the Luna of this territory."
I looked up at Gavin; his jaw was tight, and I knew he was doing everything in his
power to keep himself and his wolf under control.
“He can't do that, can he?" I asked, my voice barely above a whisper.
"No," Gavin said through his teeth. "He can't."
"Gavin Landry's business is crumbling, and my father is doing everything he can to save it," Noah continued. "With this added income of a new section of the territory, along with your support and donations, we can ensure that it remains running and properly. All of
this is because of my sister, Lila.
She's already accomplished
much, and she's not even
officially
the Luna yet. Imagine what she can
accomplish once that title is
officially hers?" 
FindNovel.net
###Chapter 904
"Aw, you're the best, Noah," Lila said, beaming up at him. “I'm not sure what I would do without you and Emmet in my corner. I'm glad all the rumors about me not really being your sister didn't get to you."
Noah wrapped his free arm around Lila's shoulders and kissed the side of her head.
"You'll always be my sister, no matter what," he assured her, still speaking into the mic so everyone could hear them, solidifying my thought that this was all for show.
I pressed my lips together in a thin line, clenching my fists. I wanted to interfere, but
I didn't want to cause a scene and make things worse for myself. But then I felt a surge of something profound in the pit of my belly, and it swirled around my insides, growing angrier. It was more than my wolf... it was something else... something much more powerful, and it didn't like being challenged.
"Fight," a voice said inside of me, making me freeze. "Trust us to help you."
I blinked, looking around. There was nobody nearby other than Gavin, Nan, and Irene, and none of them had this voice that was in my head. I stared down at my hands, seeing the magic crackle at the tips of my fingers, and I flexed those fingers, feeling the magic surge inside of me.
Could the magic be speaking to me?
Was that one of the perks of being the host of magic?
Before I knew what was happening, my voice was booming across the crowd, turning everyone's attention to me.
"Can you prove that Gavin's business is failing? Because from where I stand, I'd say it's bigger than ever and thriving," I said, folding my arms across my chest as I glared at her narrowed eyes. "So, why do you think it's failing,ila Are you really that desperate for money that you'd take it from packmates and then lie to them about it? Did your family cut you off or something?" 
Her eyes turned to slits, and her face reddened; I knew I hit the nail on the head. Selene and Zachary must have cut off her funds. I'm assuming a punishment for her treatment of me and the fact that she lied about the Moon Gem. I knew they still loved her because they raised her, but they wouldn't tolerate disobedience like that. " 
“Judy Montague,” Lila said, curling her lip in disgust as she glared at me. "I'm so glad you could join us, and I see you've brought Alpha Landry with you as well. Now he can see for himself who the better Luna is."
"My mate would never choose you over me," I said through my teeth, both my wolf and magic flaring at the very thought. "You are nothing but a thief and a liar, and the truth will come out soon enough."
She let out a breathy laugh and shook her head.
"I'm not the one who lies. You literally told everyone that you are the true Blackwell heiress when that isn't the truth,” she said, tucking a strand of blonde hair behind her ear and batting her lashes at me. “You are just a nobody orphan without a family. I'm the true heiress, and I have my brother here to vouch for me.”
“It's true..... Lila is our true sister,” Noah said, his arm tightening around the woman who was nodding as if she had a say in any of this.
My eyes went to Daisy, who stood
across the room, still naked with the platter of drinks in hand. Her eyes were glued to Noah, and I could see the pained look on her face. It hurt her that he was with another woman, was flaunting her around when he knew Daisy was here, serving them... it made me feel sick to my stomach. 
her that the fact that he
###Chapter 905
He was a complete asshole and didn't deserve any attention.
"I wouldn't want to be your sister anyway," I said through my teeth as I narrowed my eyes at Noah. "Being your sister sounds miserable. I'd much rather be a Montague than a Blackwell anyway. But that doesn't matter right now... what matters is that Lila is not going to be the Luna of Gavin's territory. As his mate, that title belongs to me."
"We deserve a stronger choice!" Someone shouted, and it didn't take me long to figure out that it was Olivia. "You are not fit to be a Luna. You have no training and will lead this pack further into the ground. Lila has done so much for us already, and she deserves our support!"
A cheer rippled through the crowd.
That feeling I felt earlier surged inside of me again, pushing me forward, wanting me to continue, and almost controlling the words that rolled out of my mouth.
"She can't protect you as I can," I blurted, not meaning to say those words, but once they were out of my mouth, I realized they were true. I might not have years of Luna training behind me... but I did have years of Gamma training, and I knew with certainty that I could protect this entire territory. "I'm a fighter... I can protect you all. I need you to trust me."
"Then how about you prove it?" Olivia sneered.
"Prove it how?"
"A fight," she said, grinning. "A fight to the death.”
"Over my dead body," Gavin growled, stepping in front of me protectively. "My mate is pregnant, and she can't shift or fight."
"See what I mean? A true Luna wouldn't let pregnancy keep her from protecting the pack,” Olivia said, rolling her eyes as her friends snickered. "This just proves that Lila is a better choice."
"I don't need to shift to fight,' I said, stepping around Gavin so they could see me "I'll fight her any time and any place. Nothing will ever keep me from protecting this pack onmy. family." 
"Judy, absolutely not," Gavin said, grabbing a hold of my arm. "You are pregnant. I won't allow it."
"Both me and the baby are strong," I told him, keeping my voice as low as possible so only Gavin could hear me know it's hard for you to.... understand, but something inside of me is telling me I need to do this." 
He shook his head.
"You're in way over your head," he warns. "I don't want my mate fighting in a death match...
especially while she's carrying my
pup do not doubt that you can win,
this fight but it's far too risky
I stared at him for a moment longer; his eyes were almost pleading with me to understand. Nan and Irene were staring at me with wide eyes as well, waiting for me to refuse the challenge.
It was probably the best option, honestly. It would be stupid to fight while I'm heavily pregnant. But those weren't the words that came out of my mouth.
“Trust us,” the magic said as it continued to swirl around my insides.
That was all the confidence I needed as I turned back to the stage, my eyes finding Lila's.
"You have yourself a challenge," I said, ignoring Gavin's piercing glare or the way Nan sucked in a sharp breath. “I'll fight you. Tomorrow... sundown."
A slow smile spreads across her face.
"May the better Luna win."
###Chapter 906
Judy's POV
"You're out of your mind if you think for a second I'm going to let my pregnant mate get into a death match with a lunatic,” Gavin said, his eyes blazing with fury as his wolf surged forward.
“Gavin, this is the only way that I can prove myself. If I can protect myself and our pup while defending against Lila and winning this match, it'll prove that I'll be a good enough Luna."
I didn't tell him that my magic literally told me to accept the challenge and that it would protect the baby and me.
“And you think putting our baby at risk is a good idea?" He asked, shaking his head. "I'm not going to stand by and let it happen."
He opened the limo door; we were standing outside the party. Pretty much right after I accepted Lila's challenge, we stormed out. Or rather, Gavin dragged us out.
Erik was already waiting for us when we got outside, which led me to believe that Gavin reached out to him just before we left.
"Get in the limo," Gavin ordered, narrowing his eyes.
Irene and Nan were already seated in the limo, and Gavin and I stood outside for a bit longer, arguing without their prying ears. I saw a small vein appearing on Gavin's neck... it only appeared there when he was over the limit with anger, and I felt awful that I was the reason for it.
I wished I could tell him that I would be protected during this fight, but I doubted he'd even believe me. I had no idea how to explain to him that the magic that swirled inside of me could somehow communicate with me and told me to accept the challenge.
"We'll discuss this more at home," Gavin said, his eyes narrowing even more as he glared at me. "Get in the limo."
I opened my mouth to say something, but then my eyes caught something that made me freeze. I spotted Daisy standing around the corner from the front entrance. She was still naked and no longer carried the platter of drinks. She had her arms wrapped around her body and I could see the goosebumps on her flesh.
She was freezing and trying to cover herself with her arms. She looked pale and upset and it didn't take me long to figure out why.
Right in front of her was Noah; he was glaring at her, displeased, and her head was downcast, her bottom lip wobbling.
He was saying something to her that I couldn't hear, and then, without warning, he grabbed her arm roughly. She whimpered, and I saw tears forming in her eyes.
"Judy, we need to leave," Gavin said again, trying to regain my attention.
My feet were moving before I could think better of it. I was going towards Daisy and Noah, my eyes fixed on her.
"Judy!" I heard Gavin shouting after me, his fury bubbling over.
"Then why is she still standing You didn't serve her the drink," Noah said sneered. "And because of you, she's going to challenge my-"
Before he could get the next words out of his mouth, I grabbed his arm and yanked it until he released his hold on Daisy. I was surprised by my sudden level of strength, and the fact that he stepped back made me feel good inside, like I had some kind of advantage over him.
"Don't touch her," I said, pointing my finger at him; it crackled with power, which made his eyes widen. "I don't know who you think you are, but just because your father is some powerful man, it doesn't give you the right to be a dick to women.”
“This has nothing to do with you,” Noah hissed, his eyes never leaving my finger, which still crackled. “It's between Daisy and me."
"Well, I don't think Daisy wants you speaking to her like this," I said, lowering my finger and watching as his stance relaxed slightly. "Do you?" I asked her, my eyes shifting to Daisy's pale face.
She swallowed, then glanced at Noah, her demeanor shrinking.
"Maybe we should talk somewhere else," she said softly to him.
"Judy, let's go," Gavin said, and I hadn't realized he was right behind me, so I startled at the sound of his voice.
"Noah is abusing his power and making Daisy do his bidding against her will," told him. "I can't just stand by and allow him to abuse her like this. Imean, look at her Gavin. She's serving drinks naked for crying out load while this asshole flaunts another woman in front of her. It's not fair to her." 
"It's not any of our concern," Gavin said, stepping closer to me and lowering his voice. I realized that a small crowd was starting to form but I didn't care. I needed to make things right. You are my priority, Judy. My family is my priority. Don't make me drag you away kicking and screaming because I will." 
I knew he was serious, too.
"Gavin, I love you, but I'm not
someone who needs protecting. I trained my entire life to protect others, and that's not going to stop just because
ecause I'm pregnant. I know what I can handle, and I know what this baby and my wolf can handle. My wolf would never let anything happen to her pup, no matter what happens. I need you to trust her and the magic inside of me." 
###Chapter 907
"Trust the magic? You don't even know how to use your magic yet," he countered; his words made my chest ache.
"That doesn't matter," I said, trying to keep the pain out of my voice. "It won't let anything happen to me or the baby. If you can't trust that..... at least trust my wolf. You know what she's capable of. Hell, most of the world knows what she's capable of."
Gavin sighed.
"Of course, I trust your wolf... just like I trust you," Gavin said, his expression softening. “But this isn't the way to prove yourself.”
"Well this is sweet and all, but I have more donations to collect inside," Noah said, rolling his eyes. He turned toward Daisy. "Get your ass back inside and serve more drinks. Don't fuck up again and do what I say next time."
Daisy's head lowered, and I could see her resolve cracking as he turned away and started towards the front doors. My anger snapped though, and I stepped in front of him before he could take another step.
Gavin was about to grab me and pull me out of the way, but I held up my hand and a shield suddenly formed around me, blocking him from me. My fingers crackled with magic, and my eyes widened.
"You don't get to speak to her like that," I growled. "You marked her and now are flaunting other women around like she's nothing and treating her like a slave. It's wrong, and it's disgusting. Men like you don't deserve to have a mate, let alone as much power as you do. The Moon Goddess granting you the power to mate with as many women as you want was the biggest mistake of her life, and I'd never understand why she'd do that."
I heard light gasps from the crowd, which was growing by the second.
Noah's eyes flashed with fury, and he growled, deep and throaty.
"I don't care who your mate is, you don't speak to me like that!"
Noah's eyes were shining yellow as his wolf surged forward, and this immediately
put Gavin in defense mode. He growled as well and lunged towards him in a
warning to back off. Even though I had a literal shield around me, he was still finding ways to protect me.
"Stand down,” Gavin growled; he was more wolf than man, and my heart was thudding rapidly in my chest, but something inside of me refused to let this go.
Not even Noah was stupid enough to go against Gavin... especially when he was like this.
"I might not be able to do anything to her," Noah said, stepping back with his hands up in defense. "But I can do whatever the fuck I want to Daisy."
Daisy let out an ear-piercing scream that drew our attention to her. Tears streamed down her cheeks, and my heart immediately broke for her, She was in so much pain; her entire body was twisting into something almost unrecognizable as she curled up on the ground, wrapping her arms around herself like that was enough to keep herself together. 
Noah was glaring at her, amusement on his face now. It was then that I noticed Daisy's mark was glowing red on the nape of her neck, and it looked like it was throbbing. He must be doing something to cause her pain through the mate bond that he forced on her.
The only thought that circled my mind was, "I need to break that bond.”
"Trust us," my magic whispered as my vision practically went black.
Before I knew it, I was lunging
forward, shoving past Gavin, and
nearly knocking him off his feet. I
was in front of Daisy in seconds, my hands turning into the claws of my, Wolf, and then I felt the tender skin on the nape of her neck and the warm blood that dripped from her as my claws went right through her flesh. 
She screamed, and I heard my name being shouted by someone behind me, though
I couldn't tell who it was.
Daisy let out another scream, this one more horrified than pained. Her blood dripped down my fingers, and my entire body trembled. I felt Gavin's warm hand on my shoulder. He was squeezing it tightly with his hands, though it wasn't tight enough it wasn't to hurt; it gave me pause 
However, it wasn't until I heard Noah's pained curse that my mind cleared.
"Fuck..."
I blinked a few times, my vision clearing as I narrowed my eyes at Noah, who was gripping his chest, pained. Then I heard Daisy whimpering, and when I looked at her, she wasn't gripping the wound in her neck; she was gripping her chest as well.
Then I saw where I had scratched, and gasped... it was her mark. I scratched it off her neck.
###Chapter 908
Judy's POV
My entire body was shaking as Gavin had me wrapped in his arms. He pulled me close to his chest, but I still couldn't take my eyes away from Daisy's mark.
Or at least the mark that used to be on her neck and was replaced with my claw marks. My stomach knotted, and the silence that surrounded us was deafening. Noah was still rolling on the ground, gripping his chest, pain evident on his face, but Daisy was only breathing heavily. It didn't look like it was pained breathing... she looked... relieved?
“Daisy?" I asked, pulling out of Gavin's arm and rushing towards her.
Guilt was hitting me hard; I hurt her. I could have killed her.
I'm not sure what compelled me to strike her like that, but I saw her glowing and throbbing mark on her neck, and all I could think was that I needed to break that bond between her and Noah so I could set her free.
The next thing I knew, my hands were no longer my hands...they were the claws of my wolf, and I think I might have been glowing again. did that mean I used magic or was that just my wolf?
The magic had spoken to me again just before I scratched Daisy... so maybe it was a bit of both.
Daisy raised her hand and touched the claw marks on her neck; her fingers trembled. I thought she was going to start crying or screaming again, but she didn't. She looked eerily calm as I knelt beside her, trying to look and see how much damage there was to her neck.
Her fingers were covering the markings so that I couldn't get a good look.
"Daisy, let me see," I said, trying to pull her hand away.
Her entire body was stiff as she processed what had happened. She lifted her head, her eyes finding Noah, who was lying on the ground, groaning in pain, and then her eyes flickered around the crowd, who were staring at everything happening in front of them with open mouths and shock clear on their faces.
Daisy pulled her hand away, and I froze entirely; she was completely healed. There was no trace of my claw marks on her... but not only that... her mating mark was also gone.
"Holy shit," I gasped.
"I'm free,” she whispered hoarsely. "I'm finally free. The bond is broken."
She let out a choked laugh, tears pooling in her eyes, her entire body trembling.
"It's time for us to leave," Gavin said, placing the palm of his hand on my lower back.
I looked down at Daisy, who was still seated on the ground, her body trembling and laughing, bubbling out of her in an almost hysterical state.
"I'm actually free," she kept whispering.
"We should help her," I said, my eyes not moving away from her.
"You've helped her enough. Daisy's an adult and can figure things out from here. She's free from him. She can go anywhere," Gavin told me, his voice towering. The compassion hidden in his tone was enough to
make me pause, and look at him, l saw the sincere look in his eyes and a slight smile that lifted the corner of his lips. "You did well," he added
softly, making my heart swell.
I stared down at my hands; they were powerful, and I had no idea how to use this magic, but I somehow managed to break the bond between Daisy and Noah.
"Why?" Noah gritted out, his eyes blazing with fury. He was no longer gripping his chest, but he was still lying on the ground, his face pale. “Why would you help her? After everything she's done to you. After she stole the Moon Gem, she tried to get close to Gavin Landry. For years, she's been nothing but a bitch to you, and you still help her?" 
I pressed my lips firmly together, ignoring Gavn's persistence that we leave.
"Because whether I like it or not, Daisy is Pack. I protect my own," I told him, my eyes narrowed.
Daisy stood there, staring at me, her eyes wide, and others started to murmur around me.
"What the fuck is going on here?" Lila asked as she shoved her way through the crowd. “Why is everybody standing out here when they should be enjoying my party?"
“Judy just protected Daisy Baldwin from your crazy brother. Apparently, he marked her without her consent and has been toying with her for a while. Did you know about this?" One of the girls in the crowd asked, raising her brows at Lila.
Lila's cheeks reddened, and she pressed her lips together as she faced Noah and Daisy.
"Of course not," Lila lied, folding her
arms across her chest. "I would
never allow such a thing to happen
under my nose like that Dalay is good friend of mine, and she would have told me if something like that were happening. Right, Daisy?" 
###Chapter 909
She gave Daisy a pointed look; Lila didn't notice that her mark was now gone, so Noah no longer had control over Daisy.
She reached up and touched the smooth part of her neck, a small smile ghosting her lips. I knew what she was thinking even when she didn't say it out loud this time.
She was free.
"Your brother has been nothing but nasty to me," Daisy said once she found her voice. “He marked me without my consent and had been using me to mess with Gavin and his family for years. I don't want any part of this anymore. My ties with the Blackwells are over. You took too much of me, and I know I can't get those pieces back, but I'm going to try and rebuild myself without your influence."
Gasps erupted everywhere, and I had a sense of pride that Daisy was standing up for herself against those who had bullied her for all these years. It was inspirational, and I hoped it spoke volumes to others around us.
"I have no idea what you are talking about," Lila said, her eyes narrowing. "We've been friends forever. Why wouldn't you tell me that my brother was doing this to you?"
"I have," Daisy said, stepping closer to her. "You've helped him torment me, Lila. We aren't friends... you're a psychopath and not fit to be a Luna. You've been lying to everyone. You only want control. You're upset because the Moon Gem didn't work for you, and now there's proof that you aren't the powerful one. Judy was the one who broke the bond between Noah and me, and everybody saw it."
Lila's face went pale as she turned to look at everyone. Olivia and her friends had just arrived too, and they were looking around curiously, frowning.
"I'm not sure what happened here, but it was a lie set out to make me look bad,” Lila said, turning to face Daisy again. “You are making this up, and it's best if you shut the fuck up."
"I'm not the one making things up. That billion-dollar check isn't real. Your parents cut you off, so you are desperate for money," Daisy hissed, making everyone gasp. Lila's face paled, but she wasn't backing down.
"Shut up! You are lying," Lila growled, her eyes flashing to Noah, who was still recovering and simmering with anger.
Daisy let out a dark laugh as she pointed at her neck.
"The mark your brother left on me is gone. He no longer influences me."
"Try again," Noah growled as he lunged at her, making her eyes go wide.
In
It happened so fast that Gavin didn't have enough time to grab me and pull me away. I was already in front of Daisy, my hands out, just as Noah' canines were outstretched, and was seconds away from biting her again Suddenly, he completely stopped and then bounced backwards. 
My entire body was trembling as I watched him fall to the ground, a pained groan leaving his mouth as he rolled around on the ground, trying to recover himself.
There were more gasps as everyone took a step back, and when I looked around, I realized a hazy shield surrounded me. Daisy was behind me with eyes wide as she looked around the shield that surrounded us.
"Did you do this?" She asked, her voice coming out slightly higher than a whisper.
"I think so," I whispered; it was an even stronger shield than before.
I didn't have enough time to comprehend it, though, because suddenly pain erupted in my lower abdomen, and I had no choice but to elease the shield so could clutch my belly. I felt the warm moisture pooling between my legs, and tears blurred my vision. 
I'm not sure what happened after that. I could hear screaming, and I heard my name being shouted in the distance, at least it sounded like was in the distance honestly wasn't sure... it could have been right next to me for all I knew, but the pain was too much, and I wanted to curl up in a ball and sob.
Gavin's arms were around me in an instant, and he was lifting me off the ground. I
felt too weak to fight him despite the fierce pain that shot through my body from the sudden movements.
"It's okay,” he whispered against my ear. "I'm taking you to the hospital.”
“Eliza's clinic..." I whispered weakly, and I wasn't sure if he could hear me. "Take me there..."
"Judy-" he started to protest.
"I think the baby's coming," I blurted, my eyes opening slightly so I could look up at him. "I need to see Eliza."
###Chapter 910
Gavin's POV
It was too soon; it was way too soon for the baby to be coming.
I knew I should have gotten her out of that place way sooner, but I wanted to give her a chance to prove herself in front of the party guests. I didn't think it would lead to her accepting a death match challenge and nearly fighting Noah Blackwell,
though.
My hands trembled as I held Judy; we were in the backseat of the limo, and Erik was driving as fast as he could to Eliza's clinic, upon Judy's request.
I don't think she knows there's blood between her legs, and I won't be the one to tell her. She says the baby is coming, but I think something is wrong, and the knot in my stomach will not ease. I spent the ride praying to the Moon Goddess not take my baby or my mate away. Not again... I cannot handle losing another mate.
"Erik, can you drive any faster?” Nan asked, impatiently, worry in her tone.
"I'm going as fast as I can given the circumstances," Erik replied, glaring at her through the rear-view mirror. "The roads here are busy, and it'd be unsafe for me to go any faster when there's a pregnant she-wolf in the back."
"Okay, but this pregnant she-wolf is about to give birth to a baby in the backseat of this limo,” Nan said through her teeth. "It'd be wise if you got us to Eliza's clinic, immediately."
I was too numb to say anything. I only held Judy a little tighter, like I was afraid she'd slip away from me at any moment.
"Yeah... we are taking her to Eliza's clinic right now," Irene said into the phone that was pressed to her ear. "If you want to head there with Matt, we will be there soon."
She was on the phone with Judy's parents. That was probably the right move; my mind was completely blank right now, and I didn't even think of getting in contact with them. I was glad that Irene at least thought of that, and I was grateful to have them both here... in Judy's corner.
Once she hung up the phone, she turned to look at me.
"Should I call the Blackwell's too?" She asked, raising her brows. "I have Selene's number."
I thought about it for a moment; it was probably a good idea, though I really didn't want the Blackwells anywhere near Judy, considering two of them were the reasons this was happening in the first place. If Judy wasn't under so much stress and using magic like she was, I doubted we'd be rushing to Eliza's clinic right now.
But I knew that Selene and Zachary would want to know about this, so I nodded.
Irene pulled up Selene's number before she pressed the phone to her cheek again. She started to talk ina low voice, and I drowned her out, my hold on Judy getting tighter. She had passed out almost right aftershe told me to take her to Eliza's clinic Instead of the hospital. My entire body was shaking, and I willed it to stop, but it wouldn't.
I brushed a strand of damp hair out of her face. When she fell to the ground in pain, she started to sweat a lot, and her neatly done hair started to get all over the place and get moist with the sweat.
Irene finally hung up the phone and turned to me.
"They are going to meet us there," she informed me.
I nodded as I bent down and pressed my lips to Judy's temple, sending yet another small prayer to the Moon Goddess.
Eliza's clinic finally came into view, and Erik was quick to park. We didn't wait for Erik to open the doors for us. I was already pushing through the door and carrying Judy out of the limo and towards the front doors of Eliza's clinic.
She was already waiting for us.
“I got Nan's text,” Eliza explained as she rushed towards us. “Get her in this room right away. I've called some extra medical aid, and they'll be here any minute."
I nodded and rushed her into the room, placing her on one of the medical beds. Judy groaned as I released her, and her eyes fluttered open for a moment.
"Our baby...” she whispered hoarsely.
I cupped her face with my hands
and pressed my lips to hers,
savoring her taste and basking in
her warmth. I tried to remain strong for her because that's what she
needed right now. I tried to channel my strength and pass it to her through our mate bond. Though I knew she was strong on her own, we were even stronger together. 
"We're at Eliza's clinic, just like you asked. Trust her... she's got this," I whispered against her lips.
She relaxed and gave me a slight nod as her eyes fluttered shut once again.
"I'm going to need some space to examine her,” Eliza said as she finished putting on
her gloves. “Alpha, I'm so sorry, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave."
"I'm not leaving my mate," I growled.
"I know you want to protect her, but
you can't protect her from this, and
I'm going to need to do things that
be unpleasant for you and
your worr
to see, and I can't have you interfering if you want me to save both Judy and the baby." .net
###Chapter 911
I wanted to argue, but Judy let out a small groan as more blood pooled between her legs, soaking into the clean bed sheets. My chest tightened, and my wolf surged forward at the sight. I had trouble reeling him back in, and I knew at that moment that Eliza was right. I would interfere if I stayed any longer.
Without a word, I turned to Judy and pressed my lips to the side of her face once again, whispering that I loved her and that I would see her soon.
I pulled away and turned to Eliza.
"Save her," I said through my teeth.
Eliza didn't bat an eye; instead, she nodded with determination clear on her face.
I stepped out of the room, though it was hard for me to leave. The moment the door closed behind me, I was met by my Beta.
"How is she?" Taylor asked.
"I'm not sure yet. Eliza's examining her," I said. "She pretty much said I'd be a liability if I stayed, and that I needed to give her space to work."
I ran my fingers through my hair as I leaned against the wall, frustrated and worried. My wolf was on edge and was ready to take down the entire world if it meant protecting his mate.
Taylor nodded as if he understood and put a hand on my shoulder.
"Trust Eliza, she knows what she's doing. Your mate's not the only strong female in this pack," Taylor told me.
I nodded, knowing that he was right.
"Yeah,” I said, running my fingers through my hair for the hundredth time. "Your mate is pretty badass. I hope she can save both my mate and son."
"She will," Taylor assured me, giving my shoulder another squeeze before releasing it. “The Blackwells just arrived, along with Judy's adoptive parents. They're in the waiting room with Nan and Irene."
I nodded and took a deep breath before I made my way into the waiting room. Immediately, Irene was in front of me.
"How is she?" She asked. Matt stood beside her, also looking worried. I put my hand on Matt's shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze.
"Eliza is with her now. I can't be in there with her," I told them. "But I trust Eliza...
and she's going to make sure Judy and the baby are okay."
I went to a chair to sit down, unable to stand any longer.
"The girls caught us up on what had happened," Selene said, stepping in front of me, sorrow clear in her eyes. "We are so sorry that our daughter caused all of this. We had no idea what she was planning."
"Trust us, if we knew what she was planning, we would have put a stop to it, or at least I would have told you about it. We are business partners after all," Zachary said sitting beside me "We are going to deal with this one way or another." 
I couldn't speak, I just sat there, my heart beating rapidly against my chest. I couldn't get the image of I Judy out of my mind. She was so helpless. There was so much blood and sweat.... It was too soon for the baby to come. She was only 6 months pregnant... 
"Is that Judy's blood?" Michelle Montague asked as she stepped towards me, too.
I looked up at her and saw that her eyes were bloodshot. Her husband, Richard, stood beside her with his arms wrapped around her, pulling her close. He, too, looked lost, and his eyes were also red, as if he had been crying only moments ago.
Both of them were fixed on my clothes, and when I looked down, I realized I was covered in Judy's blood. My shoulders sagged at the sight of it, and that was enough answer for them.
They both started to cry and held each other even tighter.
We sat there in the waiting room, each of us lost in our own thoughts, for what felt like hours. The medical team arrived about an hour ago and was in the room with Judy and Eliza.
Conversation flowed around me, though I barely paid attention to anything being said. It was mainly the group trying to distract itself with mindless conversation, but I was too numb to participate or listen.
I did hear some parts of the conversation, though. Zachary was planning to make Lila pay for what she had done. He wasn't going to allow her to compete to be a Luna against Judy, and this fight they planned for tomorrow was officially canceled. 
FindNovel.net
Then again, everybody saw what Judy was capable of and that she's willing to protect those who had wronged her. That in itself was a win.
The doors of the room Judy was in opened, and I immediately stood to my feet, my heart in my throat.
Eliza walked out; she looked exhausted with dark circles beneath her eyes. She had blood on her scrubs, and she was removing gloves that were also covered in blood, which only made my chest tighten more.
Taylor was immediately by her side, and she gave him a small smile, nodding as he asked her if she was okay.
Eliza finally looked at me, and she stepped forward.
"Judy is okay," she announced, and I heard the breath leaving almost everybody in the waiting room. "And the baby is healthy. Congratulations... you have a baby boy."
###Chapter 912
Judy's POV
I was somehow back in my bedroom. Not the room I shared with Gavin at the villa, or the room that I lived in at the mansion. But my childhood room at my parents' house. I was wearing the same pajamas I always wore growing up, the ones with the little flowers on the pants, with a matching pink tank top.
It still seemed to fit me, even though I have grown. My hair was in a messy bun, and when I looked down at my belly, I was no longer pregnant. My heart dropped at the sight. My hand immediately went to my stomach, and I tried to feel for the baby that was no longer there.
My body trembled with fear and nerves, my heart aching at the sight.
My baby boy... he wasn't there anymore.
It was almost like he was never there in the first place.
Tears burned my eyes as the panic set in.
I was about to scream for Gavin, but then I saw a shadow beneath the door, and I knew somebody was out there, about to walk in. I hoped with all of my being that it was Gavin. I needed to see him. I needed to find out what happened to our baby.
The doorknob turned, and the door opened slowly. I got out of bed and rushed to the door, expecting it to be Gavin. I needed him right now. Tears stung in the back of my eyes, and I opened my arms to rush into his.
But once the door opened and I didn't see Gavin, I stopped in my tracks.
It was a woman I didn't recognize, and holy hell, she was stunning. She had long blonde hair and the bluest eyes I have ever seen, with long dark lashes and cheekbones so sharp that they could slice through any tension in the room. She was tall, wearing a shimmering white dress that hugged her delicate form.
Her skin was porcelain to the point where it nearly glowed, and the corner of her plump pink lips tipped up into a smile. I immediately felt calm in her presence, but the thought of my baby no longer being in my belly was enough to keep me grounded.
"Hello, Judy Montague,” the woman said, her voice soft and almost musical. It sent a strange warmth through me that no voice had ever sent through me before, not even Gavin's.
"Where's Gavin?" I asked, my voice coming out way steadier than I felt. "And where's my baby?"
This time, my voice cracked when I said the word "baby."
"You have nothing to worry about. Your baby is safe and with his father," she told me, making my eyes go wide.
Gavin had our baby. I stared down at
my belly; there was no indication that there had ever a baby inside of me. I didn't feel as if I had just given birth. Besides, it was way too soon for me to be having this baby I was only 6 months pregnant. I know that this pregnancy was progressing quickly, but I didn't think I'd be
having this baby this soon. 
I looked up at this woman and took a step away from her; I didn't feel threatened by her, but she was still a stranger in my room. She took a step further into the room before the door shut behind her,
blinked a
couple of times, confused
She didn't even touch the door, and yet it shut automatically. Or at least it looked like
it did.
"You do not need to fear me, child. I would never hurt you. In fact, I love you very much, and I only want what's best for you. You must believe that."
I let out a breath because I knew she was right; I wasn't sure how I knew it... But I did.
"Who are you?" I asked, my voice steady.
"You don't need me to tell you who I am... You already know. Just look into yourself,
and your wolf, and the answers will flow."
Without me telling them to, my eyes
started to flutter shut. I felt my wolf brushing up against me, and the whispered words that came to my ears made my eyes open again as I looked up at her, tears filling them This time, they weren't tears of fear or panic... they weren't tears of sadness. 
There were tears of relief.
"The Moon Goddess..." I whispered.
Her smile only grew, and the bigger it grew, the more she glowed. It was radiant,
and I knew with certainty that I was right.
###Chapter 913
"I don't understand,” I said, shaking my head. "How are you in my bedroom?"
"Your mind conjured up your childhood bedroom because it's where you always felt safe," she explained, a light chuckle in her voice.
I stared down at my body with a frown.
"So, I'm not really here?" I asked.
She nodded.
"Right," she replied. "You are asleep at Eliza's clinic... safe and sound. As is your baby and your mate."
Relief flooded me, and I felt like I needed to sit down. I ended up falling backward onto the bed, not realizing how close I actually was.
The Goddess strolled further into my room until she was near my bed as well. Her eyes were soft, and her expression serene.
"You are one of my most special children, Judy," the Goddess told me. "The Host of magic is a great honor. I'm sure you realize by now the connection you have with your magic."
I stared down at my hands, flexing my fingers as if I expected them to do something spectacular.
“It listens to me,” I said, almost more to myself. "I was told magic has a mind of its own and that I need to train it properly. But it does as it asks."
"It's because it recognizes you as the host. For it to be unlocked, you have to earn its trust and respect, and you've already done that. Now all you must do is strengthen your relationship with it."
"How do I do that?" I asked.
"Continue to use it; put your trust in your magic, and it will put it's trust in you," she replied. "I am only here to reassure you that there is nothing more you need to do. You are a powerful she-wolf and future Luna, and those who doubt you will soon learn that you are the right one to lead them."
"You have a lot of faith in me," I told her, letting out a breathy laugh.
Her smile grew softer, and her eyes sparkled as she reached out to me. I oversaw her hand, and when she placed it on my shoulder, warmth spread through me.
"You should have faith in yourself, Judy Montague. Just as your family and friends
do... just as your magic does... and just like your son does."
"My son..." I whispered, placing my hand on my flat belly. She nodded.
"You have a gorgeous baby boy who will need his mother to be strong. You say you don't have Luna training, but you couldn't be more wrong I have been watching you since you were born, and you have more than enough experience. You had been training your whole life for this moment. There is no better Luna, and one day soon, you will see that for yourself. You have my word. But until then, you must put faith in the abilities that you have." 
Tears blurred my vision before I could stop them.
“I'm scared,” I admitted. “I'm scared that I won't be enough.”
I realized that was why I was here... the Goddess hadn't summoned me here... I
summoned her. I needed her reassurance and her guidance.
"Oh, my darling," the Goddess said softly, her presence alluring.
She moved so quickly that if I had blinked, I would have missed it. She sat beside me, at the same time, wiping a stray tear off my cheek with her finger.
"You are more than enough,” she assured me. “You would move heaven and earth for those you care about, and I've seen you thrive on so many occasions. You are strong, Judy Montague."
I smiled through my tears.
"Thank you," I whispered. “I shouldn't stay here. I need to get back to my family. Is my baby healthy?"
"He's more than healthy... he's
strong, and his future is bright. You've done well with this
pregnancy. But you are right; younet
need to get back Your mate is worried for you, and he won't be able to think of anything else until you wake up. Take the time you need to rest; your body still needs to heal." 
She stands and motions for the bed. Without thought, I slid back under the covers and nuzzled myself into the comfort of my childhood bed taking in the familiar scents and
comfort of my room.
I felt the Moon Goddess lifting off my bed as she strolled towards my bed.
"It's been a pleasure to speak with you, Judy Montague, Host of Magic. Remember,
I am never too far from you."
And then, she was gone.
With that... I allowed myself to sleep.
###Chapter 914
Gavin's POV
"She appears only to be sleeping... everything still seems normal," Eliza said for what felt like the hundredth time in the last 24 hours.
Judy hadn't moved from the bed; she hadn't woken up, and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. But she's still asleep, and it worried me more than anything. I hadn't slept since she arrived at the clinic.
"You really should get some rest, Alpha," Eliza told me, her voice soft.
The room was dimmed, and I sat at Judy's bedside, my fingers entwining with hers. At one point, I thought she was going to wake up. Her breathing pattern changed, and my wolf sensed that she was at the edge, ready to open her eyes. Her wolf had made herself known to mine, and it stirred something inside of me, but then it went away as quickly as it came.
I hadn't spoken... I barely took my eyes away from my mate.
Eliza sighed, and before she could say anything more, there was a knock on the door. She let out a breath before she retreated, moving towards the door and opening it. I could smell the scent of my daughter standing there, and the other scent of my son in her arms.
Irene had taken one for the team, caring for the newborn while I stayed with Judy in Eliza's clinic. Of course, she's had the help of my mother and Judy's mother.
All I care about is the fact that my son is healthy. Eliza mentioned that he's strong and she can sense how powerful he's going to be... how powerful he already is.
"Dad..." Irene said softly after she exchanged a few words with Eliza at the doorway. She handed the baby to Eliza, and Eliza left the room, leaving us alone.
Irene approached me like she was approaching a rabid animal, and then she placed a hand on my shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze.
"How is she doing?" Irene asked, her eyes flickering to Judy's face.
"No change,” I said, my voice strained from disuse.
"She's been through a lot. Eliza said her body just needs to rest. She's going to be okay. But Dad..... my baby brother needs a name..." she reminded me. "Did you decide on one?"
I wasn't deciding on a name alone... not without Judy. I know she had a name in mind she wanted to use, but nothing had been settled for sure. We weren't expecting to have this baby so soon; we thought we had time.
"When Judy wakes up, she will name the baby," I said, letting out a breath. "You should go. It's getting late. I need you to go to Taylor and have him take over the office for a while. I won't be leaving here until Judy is awake."
I felt Irene's eyes on me, and I knew what she was thinking, even more so when she spoke.
"You can't be serious, Dad. You are a Lycan chairman... an Alpha... and a father. You can't postpone your duties. She wouldn't want this," she scolded, her voice cracking at the end. It's not fair to Taylor, and we can't keep acting as Alpha while you sit here and stare at her while she's sleeping. This isn't healthy, and your baby boy needs you. Matt needs you and damn it, D?o. I need you im not doing okay. I'm hurting, scared, and upset. I can't keep doing this... I'm not this baby's mother. I need you to step up." 
Without another word, she turned and stormed out of the room.
I watched her go; my heart was heavy in my chest because I knew she was right. I was putting everything on hold. Eliza is so sures that Judy will wake up soon enough and recover. But I wanted to be the first person she saw when she opened her eyes. I wanted to be here for my mate every step of the way. 
ét
But I also knew I had children and a pack to care for. Irene had been going through a lot these last few weeks Someone she thought was Thermate was ghosting her and she was a mess over it. I knew she was trying to hide it, but I could see the pain in her eyes. she had no idea that Chuck was actually in our
territory, captured. 
I stood, about to go after her, but then I felt a hand wrap around mine; gentle and
weak. Then, her voice hit me like a train..
"Gavin...?"
I blinked and whipped around to face Judy. Her eyes were open, and she was
looking at me. She was actually looking at me.
“Judy?” I asked, my voice betraying my emotions.
###Chapter 915
"Where's my baby..." she whispered, sounding utterly exhausted.
She lifted her head, her brows furrowed slightly as she winced. She was in pain. I put my hand on her shoulders, trying to get her to settle down and not move too quickly.
"Baby, you've been asleep for the last 24 hours. You need to take it easy. Let me get, Eliza."
She didn't argue with me, which was honestly surprising.
I didn't waste any time. I rushed out of the room, nearly knocking into both Irene and Eliza. My heart broke when I saw the tears in Irene's eyes, though she was startled to see me.
Before she could say anything, I turned to Eliza.
"She's awake."
Eliza gasped and rushed past me into the room. I met Irene's eyes, and she wiped away a lingering tear.
"I'm sorry," I told her. "You were right. I was being selfish. You didn't deserve me shutting you out and sticking you with childcare duties. But I'm back now, and I won't abandon you again."
She stared at me for a moment longer.
"Are you just saying that because she's awake?" Irene asked, her voice cracking slightly.
I shook my head.
"I was about to come after you, but she woke up before I could,” I explained. “Your words were enough to wake me out of my stupor. I'm so sorry.”
She sniffled and then stepped into my arms.
"I love you, Dad," she whispered.
"I love you too, sweetheart," I replied.
"You've been asleep for a while. We were starting to worry." I heard Eliza saying to Judy.
I turned and walked back into the room with Irene trailing behind me.
Judy was sitting up; she looked a little better than she had a moment ago. She blinked a few times and looked around the room with a confused look on her face.
“I've been asleep the whole time?" She asked, "It didn't feel like it was that long. I had the craziest dream..."
Her voice was raspy as she spoke, and Eliza was quick to bring a cup of water to her lips.
"Don't strain yourself too much," Eliza warned her. "Your body is still recovering, and you're in resting mode. You've had all of us so scared."
"I'm sorry," Judy said softly. "I didn't mean to worry anyone..."
"It's not your fault,” Eliza told her, a soft smile on her lips. "Your family and friends
will be so relieved to hear that you are awake, though."
Judy's eyes met mine, and I went to her without hesitation, my hands finding hers: They were starting to become warm and full of life again. My wolf was immediately reconnected with hers, and felt good to be around my mate who was fully awake and funétional.
"Were you scared?" She asked, reaching up to touch the furrow between my brows.
"I can sense your tension and fear."
I nodded, leaning into her touch and finding comfort in it.
"I was," I whispered. "You'd be disappointed to know that I let my duties go while I
sat by your bedside. I've barely even held our son."
Her eyes widened.
"What? Why? Is he okay"
"Yes," Irene said, stepping beside me, cradling our baby in her arms. "He's perfect. Dad's just been a mess and couldn't properly care for himself while not knowing what was going to happen to you. But now that you're awake, I'm hoping I don't have to play super nanny anymore." 
"You abandoned our son?" Judy asked, narrowing her eyes at me. “I'm ashamed of you, Gavin. I didn't go through all of this and birth him only for you to abandon him.”
"I'm so sorry,” I whispered, tears filling my eyes. “I was too worried to function properly."
"I want my baby," Judy said, holding out her arms.
"Are you sure you're well enough?" Irene asked.
"Yes," Judy said without hesitation. "Please, give me my son."
Irene looked more than relieved as she handed Judy the small bundle of joy wrapped in a soft blue blanket that her adoptive mother had knit over the past week. Judy's expression changed immediately upon cradling our son; it was filled with serenity and love. 
And I felt the same love surrounding me. I was selfish for not tending to our son
from the very beginning, but I won't make that mistake again.
"He needs a name," Irene reminded us, joining us in our little bubble.
"I wanted to wait for you to wake up," I explained to Judy.
Judy's eyes sparkled, and a small smile spread across her face.
"Ryder," she whispered. "Ryder Landry."
###Chapter 916
Judy's POV
"He has your nose,” I said, leaning into Gavin as I stared down at our baby boy, sleeping soundly in his bassinet.
Gavin wrapped his arms around me and pressed his lips to my temple; I felt his smile and the tension in his body ease. We just spent our first night back in our home at the villa after spending the last couple of days at Eliza's clinic.
Even though I had woken up without any lingering issues and both Ryder and I were healthy, Eliza still wanted to keep us both there for observation and for extra healing. Gavin didn't argue with her, and I was honestly too tired to put up a fight, which only proved her to be right. Plus, it was nice just lying in bed with my baby boy for these last couple of days. Coming home and having to sleep separately was a difficult transition, but thankfully, we kept the bassinet close to the bed, and Gavin has helped ease some of that post-partum tension.
"And he has your everything else," Gavin said, his lips still pressing against my temple. "I'm so happy to have my family all under one roof again."
I turned in his arms so I could look up at him.
"I'm sorry I worried you,” I told him, not for the first time. I couldn't get the look he gave me out of my head from when I first woke up in Eliza's clinic. He had dark circles beneath his eyes, and he looked so worried... it was a look I never wanted to see again.
My chest ached at the memory.
He leaned down and brushed his lips against mine, and I melted into the kiss, allowing his lips to move across mine expertly as they had done so many times in the past. His tongue slid across my bottom lip, and I felt warmth spreading throughout my entire body as I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling myself closer to him.
I was fully healed and wanted to be even closer to him, but he was being good and allowing my body more time to recover, despite my needy protests last night.
"Mmm, Judy," he warned between kisses. "This is becoming way more than either of us bargained for right now. You still need time to recover. You just had a baby."
“I'm a fast healer," I whispered. "I've missed you."
"You have no idea how much I've missed you," he said in return, his lips finding mine once more before he reluctantly pulled back. "But I need to know for certain that you are 100 percent back on your feet."
I pouted up at him.
"I am," I assured him. "Trust me."
"I do..." he retorted, pressing his lips to my forehead, and I knew at that moment it was a battle I was about to lose.
Before I could say anything, there was a knock on the door. I let out a breath as Gavin pulled away and went towards the bedroom door. When he pulled it open, I saw Adam standing on the other side.
He looked between the two of us awkwardly and cleared his throat.
"Miss Rugby is here," he announced.
I took a deep breath before my attention turned to Gavin.
"I have to go," I tell him.
He nodded.
"I know," he said, holding out his arms for me to step into them. I really didn't want to leave my new baby boy, but I knew I needed to doi this if wanted things to be semmi normal around here. The wait was finally coming to an end. 
He kissed me tenderly before pulling back.
"Call if you need anything. And don't stay alone with him... listen to Taylor."
I rolled my eyes.
"Stop parenting me," I murmured. "I'm not a child."
A small smile ghosted his lips.
"I know you're not," he told me, kissing me one last time. "Now go."
I nodded and without another word, I followed Adam out of the room and down the stairs, Nan was waiting for me downstairs, alongside Irene, who looked confused and annoyed.
"I don't understand where we are going," she said, looking between the two of us.
"I'm not really in the mood to go anywhere."
"I know, but this is important," I told her. “Just trust us, okay?"
She sighed and then nodded.
With that, we went outside and towards the waiting car. Erik was seated in the driver's seat, and he looked more than nervous. I couldn't blame him.
"Is Taylor meeting us there?" Nan asked her in a low tone so Irene couldn't hear.
I nodded, forcing a pleasant smile to mask my jumbled nerves.
We all sat in the backseat as Erik started the engine; he remained quiet for the duration of the drive, and Irene kept her eyes fixed on her hands as she nervously played with her fingers. I reached over and touched her hand, drawing her attention to me. 
"Are you okay?" I asked her.
###Chapter 917
She didn't look too sure, but she nodded slowly.
"I think so," she murmured. "I'm just a little confused about where we are going."
"We are going to do something that we should have done a while ago," I told her. “I need you to trust us."
Her eyes wandered for a bit, catching Erik's in the rearview mirror before he shifted his gaze back to the road. I saw the slight pink in her cheeks, and it was something Nan had noticed too because she raised her brows when she looked at me. I wondered if Irene's wolf could almost sense that Erik was her mate, but because of the curse Chuck had on her, it was being blocked.
Well, soon enough, that curse was going to be broken. I wasn't entirely sure how I was going to do it, but Taylor was bringing Chuck to the mansion as we spoke, just like Erik was bringing us to the mansion. Cora and Esme were going to meet us there and show me how to break that curse and hopefully get Irene's life back.
If she knew what we were about to do, I worried she wouldn't come with us. So, Nan and I agreed not tell her until we were actually there.
After about 20 minutes of driving, Irene lifted her gaze to the window, and then her eyes shifted to me.
"Are we going to my father's mansion?" She asked, raising her brows. "I haven't been there in months."
I nodded, trying to keep my expression neutral.
"Yes, that's exactly where we are going."
"Why? What's there that we need?"
"You'll see," I told her lamely.
She cocked her head to the side. Her eyes shifted to Nan and then to me again several times before finally settling on me.
"What's with all the secrecy?" She asked after a beat of silence.
I glanced at Nan, and she sucked her bottom lip into her mouth; something she often does when she's hiding something, and it was son ing that Irene noticed too, because then her eyes went wide.
"What are you hiding?" She asked, whipping her head to look at me. "Judy, what is going on?"
Before we could answer, we pulled up to the gates that led to the mansion. Erik typed in the passcode, and the gate opened, allowing us entry.
I already saw Taylor's car parked out front, and Irene's brows furrowed, causing a slight crease between her brows.
"Is that Taylor's car?" She asked, and then her eyes found the other car that sat beside Taylor's. "And whose car is that?"
I wasn't sure how to answer this question yet, so I didn't. I only remained silent, which seemed to irritate her even more.
"Judy, tell me what's going on right now. Is this about wedding planning? If so, why the secrecy?"
"It's not about wedding planning," I finally said, my voice coming out nervous- sounding.
Erik parked his car, then got out. His back was rigid as he came around the car and opened the door. As we got out of the vehicle, Irene avoided Erik's gaze as she often does, and Erik looked like a
headed poppy as
hepiten does. I gave him
reassuring smile and stepped up close to him so only he could hear me. 
"Just stay out here," I told him. "We will handle everything else."
He looked uncertain, but he gave me a slight nod, and the corner of his lips lifted.
"I'm trusting you to make this right," he said, his voice strained.
I didn't have to reply; he knew he could trust me, and I wasn't about to remind him. With those words lingering between us, I turned to my friends and smiled at them, trying to appear cheerful though my nerves wère a jumbled mess. 
"Let's go," I told him.
Together, the three of us walked up the significant steps and towards the front door. The door swung open, revealing Cora who stood on the other side. Her smile was bright, and she looked radiant as she stared between us.
Irene paused, her mouth nearly on the ground.
"You didn't tell me the Blackwells were going to be here," she whispered, looking as if she might take a step away, but I stepped behind her, stopping her. She turned to look at me, startled. "What's going on?"
"Please, Irene. Just trust us."
She opened her mouth to retort, and I knew whatever she was planning
on saying was going to be a smartass comment. But she let out a gaspinstead, her face almost paling of the spet and didn't need to ask her what had happened for me to know. 
She sensed him nearby. I heard footsteps around the corner, several pairs walking across the cool marble.
When I looked up, I saw him.
Irene slowly turned, then her eyes went wide as she looked at the man in front of her.
"Chuck..."
###Chapter 918
Judy's POV
Chuck was chained from his arms to his legs so that he couldn't go to her. But that didn't mean he didn't try. Taylor was quick to react, though, and stepped in front of him, snarling at him as his wolf surged forward. Taylor was strong as a Beta, and he overpowered Chuck's natural wolf's abilities, as did the chains bound to him.
"What's going on?" Irene asked, tears filling her eyes. "Why is he here, and why is he chained like that?"
She turned to look at me, pleading in her eyes, and it broke my heart because she genuinely had no idea what was going on. To her, it looked like we kidnapped her mate and were holding him hostage. But that couldn't be further from the truth; her true mate was sitting outside, waiting for this to be over. It was a nightmare for him, and soon, Irene will see that it's been a nightmare for her as well.
“Irene, I promise, it's not what it looks like," I told her, trying to calm her down because I knew she was about to go into a major panic attack.
Her breathing was starting to quicken, and I could see her throat working overtime as she turned to face Chuck, the monster who had done this to her. He was growling and angry, that much was clear.
"Irene, don't listen to them," Chuck said through his teeth. "I love you... We were made for each other."
"Love?" Nan asked, scoffing as she shook her head. "Is that why you cheated on her with that woman from your pack? Are you forgetting that we already found out the truth? What did you say to her to make her forget?"
“He told me that it was a mistake that the girl was insane," Irene said, looking at Nan. “That he only ever loved me... the girl blackmailed him and told everyone that they were mates, but that wasn't the truth. Right, Chuck?"
She turned to him for confirmation.
"Exactly," Chuck said, still lying through his teeth. "I'm Irene's real mate, and she's mine."
"What exactly are you after?" I asked, folding my arms across my chest. "Clearly, you need something from her to go through all of this."
"That's not fair," Irene said, snapping her attention to me, tears visibly in her eyes now. "He didn't do anything wrong. Is this why I haven't heard from him in days? Because he's been locked up here?"
"Yes," Chuck said before any of us could speak. "That's exactly right. I would never intentionally ghost you, Baby. I love you."
"I love you too," Irene cried. "Please, Taylor. Let him go. Does my father know about this?"
"Yes," Taylor said, his eyes never leaving Chuck's. "He knows everything."
"What?" Irene asked, her voice falling flat. "Did he put you up to this? My father
never liked him, but Chuck deserves a chance. He's my mate—”
"No, he's not," Cora said, her arms folded across her chest.
Both she and Esme stood side-by-side. They were both wearing deep purple and had their hair pulled out of their faces. Esme with her long silver hair and Cora with her tightly curly auburn bair Their eyes were almost an i entical shade of green, and their faces were practically flawless and gorgeous. Esme didn't look as if she spent most of her days in a wheelchair and was mute. She looked strong and capable, like she had been walking around and talking her entire life. 
When her eyes met mine, a small smile tipped the corner of her lips, and I knew at that moment that everything was going to be okay let out a breath, not knowing I had been holding it inside of me this entire time. 
“W..... what the hell is going on?" Irene asked, taking a step back.
"I'll tell you exactly what's been going on," Cora said, narrowing her eyes. "Chuck hasn't been honest with you; have you, Chuck?"
"Who the hell are you?" Chuck asked, a bite to his words.
“Tell us, Chuck... how much money have you stolen from Irene? Also, what kind of personal insider secrets are you trying to get out of her? What have you already gotten out of her?"
Chuck's face paled, and at that moment, I knew that Cora hit the nail on the head.
"I don't know what you mean," Chuck said, his confidence starting to wane slightly. Taylor shook his head.
"Cora here found out everything,
Chuck," Taylor said, rolling his eyes.
"You might not have told me
everything during the interrogation, but that didn't matter when had two incredibly talented witches who were able to do some inside digging." 
Esme searched around in the bag she was holding before she pulled out a piece of paper, a document of some sort.
“Bank transfers. This is all of the money that Irene had transferred to him in the past month alone... she must have given him most of her funds and then some."
###Chapter 919
My chest tightened at the sight of the document. Without much thought, I went to Esme and grabbed the document from her so I could search through them and see how much Irene had spent on this asshole.
"Hey, that's personal," Irene tried to protest, her words coming out a bit choked. "You have no right to snoop through my personal things."
"Irene, why did you send him all this money?" I asked, looking up from the document to meet her eyes. "This is so much. Does Gavin know about this?"
"No, and please don't tell him," she begged, tears beginning to leak from her eyes and onto her cheeks. Nan approached me so she could look at the document as well. She gasped at the amount of money Irene had sent him.
"Whoa... that's more money than I have ever seen in my life..." she breathed, shaking her head as she looked up at Irene. "Why?"
“He needed it,” she said, folding her arms across her chest and sniffling. "He was sick and needed medical help... it wasn't just for him. His family needed money too. His pay hasn't been good since the gamma competition. He was promised more money, but they lied to him... he's barely getting anything, and he has his family to take care of. He has his mom and his little sister..."
My brows furrowed.
I thought back to the gamma competition, and there was an older gentleman there sometimes who reminded me a lot of Chuck. I saw Chuck talking to him a few times. I didn't really know Chuck all that well at the time, so I didn't really ask him about the man, nor did I really care. But now, I was more curious than ever.
I turned my sights back on Chuck.
"Then who was that man you were seen talking to a few times at the competition?” I asked him.
His eyes widened slightly, but he pressed his lips together, refusing to speak.
"So glad you asked, Judy," Cora said, turning to me. She reached into her own bag and pulled out a picture.
It was the same man I saw at the competition, standing beside a pretty woman, a bit shorter than he was, and a young-looking Chuck. He had a bright smile on his face and was standing in front of them, both their hands on his shoulders.
"Was it this man?" She asked, pointing to the older gentleman.
"Yeah, that's him," I said, my brows furrowing even more.
"It's his father Cora told me, turning her eyes back to Chuck. "Isn't he? And before you lie, we already know the truth because I called him and spoke to him personally. There were no medical issues, and they never saw any of the money Chuck made. In fact, Chuck has barely been home since the competition. He was even promoted to a lead role on the Elite team and was doing well, according to his parents. They are so very proud of their Chuck. As for his family... they've never struggled for money. In fact, they come from old money and are very well off."
My heart stopped in my chest; I, a lady, knew that Chuck was a liar, but with this
solid proof, Irene had to see the truth for herself.
When I looked at her, Irene's mouth
was open, and her face was paler than I had ever seen it. She wasn't looking at any of us she was looking at Chuck. Pure hurt or her face hated that this was hurting her. But I wasn't sure how else to reach her. 
"Which leads us to the final truth,” Esme said, pulling ne last document out of her bag. "A blood report... this is proof that Chuck is, in fact, a siren on his mother's side. It skipped her but Chyer was lucky
generation
enough to obtain the gene.
"What?" Irene whispered as she took the document from him. "How did you get his blood work?"
"I had Eliza take it during one of the interrogation sessions," Taylor admitted with a shrug. "And I'm glad I did because we also found a significant amount of drugs in his system. He's a druggie... I wondered if Jeremy knew about this, too."
"Doubtful," Cora said with a frown. "He would never allow Chuck on the Elite team if he knew. Also, he takes a stupid amount of steroids. No wonder his muscles are always bulging like that."
She grimaced at that last part.
"Sick," Nan scoffed, rolling her eyes.
"I don't understand..." Irene whispered. "Why did you bring me all the way here? Why do we need to be at the mansion?"
Esme stepped towards her; her presence was a comfort, and I could tell that Irene thought so as well.
"Because this was where he cast the Siren's curse. The essence of that curse remains here, and this is where we can break the curse."
###Chapter 920
Judy's POV
Irene turned to look at me; her eyes red with tears and her nose growing a bit red as well, a sure sign that she's distraught. She looked so young and vulnerable at this moment, and my heart immediately broke for her. I hated that she was going through this and that it was publicized in this room right now.
Everybody was staring at her, trying to gauge her reaction, but she was only staring at me.
"You're telling me that I'm cursed?" She whispered, her voice cracking slightly at the end.
I shook my head and stepped closer to her.
"You are not cursed, Irene. You are being cursed. Chuck, but a curse on you, and I am so sorry that it's happening. You don't deserve any of this and I promise you, we are going to make it right."
She sniffled and wiped her eyes, looking much younger than her 22 years. She turned to look at Cora, and then at Esme. They were both staring at her with sympathetic gazes, neither of them saying anything more.
"It doesn't feel like a curse," she admitted. "My wolf senses him as our mate."
"If you really look further into yourself, you'll realize that maybe what she's feeling isn't a made bond at all. Haven't you ever felt uncertain about things?" Cora asked in a tone softer than I had ever heard her. “Haven't you ever felt like maybe things weren't as they seemed, and he wasn't being completely truthful? You two nearly broke up once... does that seem normal for a true mate bond?"
"All couples fight," she said, shaking her head, confusion clear on her face. "Even Judy and my father fight, and they are sickly adorable, I have to admit."
I smiled at that because she wasn't wrong.
"I'm sorry that this hurts you, sweetheart, Esmee said, her eyes turning sad. "I know I don't know you well, but you seem like a sweet girl, and you don't deserve to be treated like this. You deserve true love. If you are anything like Judy describes, you deserve so much more than this jerk. Don't let a siren break your heart like this." 
“I don't get it,” Irene said, shaking her head. "How do we break the curse? Why do we need to be here again?"
“Because this was where the curse was placed. The essence of the curse needs to be reunited with the curse itself... which is inside of you. And it needs to be soaked back in from the one who cast the curse... which is Chuck."
"Irene, baby. Don't listen to them... I love you..." Chuck tried to say, ignoring Taylor's warning look.
I stepped even closer to Irene, so I was only inches from her.
"Irene," I said, lowering my voice so only she could hear me. She turned to look at me. “I know you've had shit luck with guys in the past. First Ethan and now Chuck burdon't you think you deserve to know what true love feels like? To be with someone who's all about you and never wants to see that sad look on your face?” 
She blinked a few times, her eyes assessing me.
"What if I never find that person? What if Chuck truly is the only one for me?" She asked, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth. “What if I never find someone to love me the way I want to be loved?"
I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her into a hug.
"You will," I assured her. "You are gorgeous, and not to mention you're a Landry Any guy would be so lucky to be with you. I'm not just your father's mate and future wife, Ifene. I'm your friend, and I would never lie to you I'm so sorry it took all of this to open your eyes and see the truth, but I'm not sorry for helping you in the only way we could. Please, let us continue to help you by breaking this curse." 
###Chapter 921
"Irene, don't listen to her!" Chuck pleaded. “You know you love me... I'm the only one you can trust."
"Shut up," Taylor growled, getting into Chuck's face. "We've heard enough from you."
Irene sniffled again as she pulled out of my arms. She looked at me... really looked at me. For a moment, I had no idea what was running through her head. And when she turned to see Chuck, I worried that she would listen to him and do exactly what he said.
She stepped closer to him, her movements careful.
“Chuck.....” she said slowly. "I had loved you so much, and when I found out you were cheating on me... it broke me. A true mate... someone who loves you entirely, would never do such a thing. You hurt me in a way that I couldn't even comprehend, and then somehow convinced me that it wasn't how it seemed. I trusted you and believed you above anyone else in my life... but I think it's time I started listening to them, because they would never steer me wrong. Judy is my friend, as are the rest of these people, and I need to believe them."
Chuck narrowed his eyes at her; the pleading look on his face long gone and replaced with resentment and fury.
"You're so fucking stupid," he said through his teeth. "You really think anyone else will ever love you the way I did? You're dead wrong. Don't come crying to me when you realize how fucking wrong you are."
It took all I had not to punch him in the face; thankfully, Taylor had the same idea because one second, Chuck was snarling at Irene, and the next, he was rolling around the ground with a broken nose.
Irene jumped back, a startled yelp coming out of her mouth as Taylor growled down at Chuck.
"Watch your fucking mouth," he hissed.
I wanted to high-five him because that was the most badass thing I had ever seen.
Nan laughed loudly and proudly, pumping her fists in the air as she whooped and hollered for Taylor. I couldn't help the smile that tugged at my lips as well, but I tried to suppress it because Irene still looked fairly horrified.
I turned to Cora and Esme, who were also smiling with pride in their eyes.
"So, what do we need to do?" I finally asked. "We're all here."
Cora nodded and motioned for me to step closer.
"Chuck needs to call the curse back," Cora explained. "It's not going to be easy to force him to do that, though. Clearly, he won't willingly go along with that, which is why you are here, Judy You are the host of magic, and Chuck's curse is also magic. You need to call his magic and force it out of Irene and back into Chuck. And Chuck needs to accept it back." 
I blinked.
"I need to call his magic?" I asked, my brows furrowed.
"Yes... and because magic is stubborn with a mind of its own, it won't be easy. That's why I would
have liked to train you a bit moronet
before we even attempted this. But I
suppose we can try now fut
are
up for it. It'll take a lot of your energy, and it won't be easy. Butm willing to help you to the best of my ability." 
I thought my magic and how it listens to me without a second thought; the Goddess had told me that it trusts me and that I need to put my trust in it as well. I knew would be able to do this way easier than Cora was making it seem, so I
nodded and took a deep breath.
I felt both my wolf and magic stirring inside of me; all of us ready for whatever was
about to happen.
###Chapter 922
"Trust us..." my magic spoke inside of me, and I closed my eyes, knowing that I could.
When I opened them, everyone stared at me.
"I know what to do," I told them, and then I walked over to Chuck, my movements careful and my eyes remaining on his.
Taylor tensed when I got too close, and I knew he was about to warn me to stay away from Chuck because he's dangerous, but I looked at him and gave him an encouraging nod.
"Trust me," I told him softly. "I can handle this."
He looked reluctant, but he nodded.
I stepped even closer to Chuck, my eyes stuck on his, and then I sucked in a sharp breath.
"I call to the Siren's curse, make yourself known to me."
My voice came out way louder and more powerful than I had ever heard it, and to my utter shock, Chuck's eyes started to glow green, and I knew it was his magic responding to me. Then a green-like smoke started to shine throughout the room, and I heard Nan suck in a sharp breath.
"Holy shit," Nan breathed. "Irene's glowing green, too."
I didn't take my eyes off Chuck, and he didn't take his eyes off me; it was like he was completely stagnant, unable to move.
"Judy?" I heard Cora whisper. “How are you doing this so easily?"
Even though there were elements of the room that were glowing, including Irene, I knew it wasn't all of the magic. There was a small, stubborn part of the curse that remained hidden; it wasn't sure how I knew... but something was telling me deep in my gut that I was right.
"I need all of Chuck's curse to be revealed to me," I said, louder this time.
I could feel my body tingling, and
then from the corner of my eyes, I felt myself glowing. It wasn't green like Chuck and Irene, though... glowing as soft white: I could feel my magic pouring out of mein waves, and it was getting even stronger. 
Chuck curled his lip up, and though he remained stagnant, I could tell he was fuming at me internally. He was trying to keep his magic away, and parts of the curse were still fighting me.
Then I felt a hand wrapping around mine, fingers entwining, and when I looked down, finally breaking my eyes from Chuck sil saw that Cora: was holding my hands. Then Esme held my other hand. I smiled at them both, relieved to have their help. Cóntent 
With that, we all turned to Chuck; they both began to glow as well, as if my magic was stretching onto them as well.
"I am the host of magic," I said, announcing myself loud and proud. "And I demand that all of Chuck's curse... the siren's curse... in this room, is revealed to me."
And then, as it listened to my every word, a burst of green appeared on the nearby coach. We were quick to whip around and face it, and was shocked to find that the green had outlined two features on the sofa. 
Upon closer look, it seemed the green was taking on the form of two figures.
One being Chuck, and the other being...
“Is that.....?” Nan started to ask, and I nodded before she could get the question out.
"It's Irene," I whispered.
“What's it doing?" Taylor asked, his brows furrowed.
It was Esme who responded, her voice almost haunted.
"It's showing us the exact moment Chuck put a curse on her."
###Chapter 923
Judy's POV
"That's me?" Irene asked, stepping closer to the glowing green images.
Her eyes were wide with wonder as she stared at her green self. She was seated on the couch, tucked under the green image of Chuck, who was smiling down at her. Their eyes were locked. A green smoky haze was pouring from his eyes and into hers, and she was leaning further into him.
"Yes," Esme answered, breaking through the silence that consumed us.
I stepped closer as well, my eyes fixed on the images in front of us, and as if they could tell that I was there, they both turned to look at me. My breathing hitched, and I felt my body tingling with the magic that surrounded me. Then, in unison, both images rose.
Irene took a step back, worried about what was going to happen, but I wasn't afraid. I knew exactly what was going to happen. With easy steps, I walked towards them, keeping my head held high. I knew exactly what I needed to do; this was magic that was standing in front of me, and I was the host.
The words of the Moon Goddess surfaced in my mind: she told me to put faith in myself and my magic; my magic told me to trust it. That's exactly what I was planning on doing.
I reached my hand out once I was only inches from the magic, and they both reached theirs out as well, mimicking my movements. And then we clasped hands; the glow was so bright I had to squint to see appropriately. It was radiating both the green light of the curse and my white glow, mixing into something entirely different.
Suddenly, the green faded away, replaced by a soft white glow around each of them. I could see the outlines of smiles on their faces, and then they released their hold on my hand. I stepped back, allowing them space to move freely.
These two magical entities... essence of the curse... had been trapped here the entire time, and now I was setting them free.
They both stepped around me; silence took over the room as everyone watched in awe, even Irene was stunned silent, watching herself move towards Chuck, who was growing restless and aggravated, but couldn't move.
"What's happening to me?" Irene asked, and when I turned to look at her, I saw she was glowing so brightly it was hard to look directly at her.
She was staring down at her own arms, her eyes wide.
The image of Chuck stood before the real Chuck, their eyes locking for a brief moment, and then the glowing image stepped right into him, making Chuck glow even brighter green than he had a moment ago.
It must have been painful to have his magic returning to him against his will because he gritted his teeth and grunted. His eyes were blazing with fury and pain all at the same time. He lowered himself unable to keep himself on his feet any longer, and I heard the loud growl of his wolf as he tried to fight against it. 
But it was already too late; it was in notion.
Taylor stepped back, though he was still alert and protective of those in the room.
The image of Irene waited a moment; her eyes were no longer staring at Chuck, who was on the ground, in pain. Her eyes were fixed on Irene across the room, who was still staring down at her body in panic.
It didn't look like she was in any pain, but she looked more terrified than anything. I could practically hear the rapid beating of her heart and her quickened breathing.
Irene looked up, as if she could feel eyes on her, and she locked onto the glowing image of her.
I watched the glowing image of Irene lift her hand in a waving motion, and then she blew Irene a
kiss which us all look at one
another in confusion. And then a slight smile tipped the corner of her lips. Irene stared at her in awe, and then she let out a breath, her body visibly relaxing. 
A small smile formed on Irene's lips as well, and tears filled her eyes. Then, the glowing image turned to Chuck and stepped inside of him. just like the other one did. Making him glow even more. This time had
to look away because the glow was overwhelming. 
###Chapter 924
Irene screamed, drawing our attention to her. The glow that had once surrounded her was so bright it was hard to look at her, but now it was shooting from her body toward Chuck.
This time, I knew it was painful because of how badly she was screaming.
It seemed painful for both of them because he was screaming as well.
It was over as quickly as it began, though; the second it ended, Irene collapsed to the ground in one heap, and Nan rushed to aid her.
I let out a breath as the tingling sensation left my body, and the glow seemed to have stopped. Chuck lay on the ground, unconscious, and the room was filled with an eerie, confused silence.
"That was something," Cora finally said, breaking the silence.
"I should get him back," Taylor murmured, clearing his throat. "I need to contact Alpha Jeremy about payments for him, and I'm sure Gavin has some questions of his own."
I nodded, knowing he was most likely right.
"Are you going to be okay?" I asked.
He nodded.
"Yeah, I should be fine," he told me. “No need to worry. I'll let Gavin know that it worked and everything should be back to normal.”
"We don't exactly know if it worked,” Nan said, standing to her feet. “Irene passed out."
"It worked," I assured her. "I can feel it."
Nan didn't look too sure, but she nodded.
Taylor worked to get Chuck out of the mansion while he was still unconscious, and I went to Irene, who was starting to come through.
"Is she going to be okay?" Nan asked, worry evident in her voice.
"She will be fine,” Esme assured us. “She'll be tired, but she just needs some rest.”
Just as soon as Taylor walked
outside with Chuck and towards his car, a new presence appeared at the doorway. I saw a panicked Erik
staring down at Irene. His wou nee
on the edge, and I knew he would
lose control if he didn't get to her. soon enough. I probably should have told him to give Irene some space, but I could see that he needed his true mate, and I couldn't blame him for that. 
If it were Gavin, I know nothing could keep me from him.
I nodded at him as he looked at me, like he was asking for my permission.
I stood and stepped away, motioning for Nan to do the same. She frowned up at me, and then at Erik.
"Are you sure it's a good idea?" She asked, uncertainty still in her tone.
"They are mates," Cora said, matter-of-factly, as if she had known this all along. "He
won't hurt her. Their wolves need each other."
Nan nodded and then stood to her feet as well, joining me at a distance.
Erik wasted no time in going
towards her frene was barely
awake, and 1 worried about her
1
reaction when she saw that Erik was
by her side. I know he freaked Ker out these last few weeks, and she hadn't wanted to see him. He's been giving her space because of that. But now that the curse was officially broken and Erik was here with her, as her mate, I wondered if things would improve. 
Erik had her wrapped in his arms and lifted her off the ground. She groaned softly, but she rested her head on his chest and nuzzled him slightly. I raised my brows as
it looked like they were cuddling. It was actually sweet to watch, even though she was barely awake.
But then her eyes opened slowly, and she looked up at Erik. He tensed when he tooked back down at her. Their eyes remained on one another for the longest time, and then she burst into tears as she wrapped herself around him and buried her face in his neck, shocking literally all of us. 
FindNovel.net
I looked at Nan, who looked back at me, just as alarmed.
I went to say something, but then Irene's words stopped me, and I knew at that
moment all was going to be okay again.
"Mate...” she whispered. "You truly are my mate.”
“And I am never letting you go,” Erik vowed before he pressed his lips to hers.
###Chapter 925
Judy's POV
2 weeks later.
"You're finally here," Nan said, wrapping me in her arms. “About time. We were about to leave without you."
I knew she was teasing, and it made me roll my eyes and smile at her.
"You can't leave without me," I teased. "That's not how this works."
She grinned and nudged me.
"We can do whatever we want,” she continued teasing. “Just because it's your bachelorette party, doesn't mean we won't leave without you."
"You are ridiculous," I laughed. "Well, I will say, it's really good to get out. I hadn't been outside of the Villa in like 2 weeks. It's all diapers and baby spit up for me."
"Well, let Gavin take care of the baby for right now," she said with a grin. "We have some serious partying to do."
I couldn't help but laugh at my best friend.
"Are we finally ready to leave?" Irene asked as she approached us. "I'm ready to get my drink on."
She did a little dance, making me laugh.
"Yes, I'm ready to leave," I told her, wrapping an arm around her. "Are the others going to meet us there?"
"Yes," Nan assured me. "No need to worry. Your bestie and maid of honor took care of everything."
I knew I could trust her with this, so I wasn't worried at all. We left the packhouse, where I had met them this evening, and started towards the waiting car. Irene picked up her pace and started towards the car way quicker than the rest of us, and I couldn't help but smile because I knew exactly why.
As if on cue, the front door opened and Erik stepped out. He grinned at Irene, his arms open wide as she flew into his open embrace. Nan and I couldn't help but smile at them. These last couple of weeks, they've hardly been apart from one another. Ever since the curse on Irene had been broken, and she finally recognized him as her true mate, she's been all over him, and he was loving every second of it.
I was so happy for them and relieved that things were finally getting back to normal. Erik kissed her forehead and whispered something to her that Nan and I couldn't hear, but I could only imagine.
She chuckled and pulled back, her cheeks reddening.
Erik looked over at me and winked.
"Ready to hit the city?" He asked.
"I've been ready," I told him. "I can't wait."
He laughed and opened the back door for us to enter. Once we were piled into the car, Erik got into the driver's seat and drove us into the city. It took about 30 minutes, and
we shared a lot of laughs; by the
time we reached the bar we were
time we reached
going to my sides were aching from
laughing so hard. 
"I need to have a sex on the beach, pronto," Irene said as she got out of the car.
Erik grinned down at her as he tucked her into his side.
"I can arrange that," he said with a wink, making Nan and me laugh.
ced Erik to find
I finally convinced
parking somewhere so he could join us at the bar and hang out. He was practically one of the girls anyway, and I'd love to spend more time with him and trene as a couple They've been locked away either at Erik's home or Irene's room for the last two weeks now. 
The bar was a chaotic scene with a ton of dancing and a lot of drunk people. People were dancing on stage, half-naked, though it wasn't technically a strip club; they were just that drunk.
"Judy!” I heard my name being shouted from the bar, and I smiled when I saw my mother rushing towards me.
She wrapped me in her arms and kissed my cheek lovingly.
"How are you feeling?" She asked, looking at me with concern as she checked me over.
"I'm fine, Mom. Just tired," I admitted. "It's been a long couple of weeks." She nodded.
"I'm sure,” she told me. "You'll need to bring my grandbaby over soon. I have some new toys for him."
"He's too young, Mom," I laughed. “Maybe in a couple more weeks I'll bring him over."
"He might be young, but he has yours and Gavin's blood," she reminded me. "He's a powerful baby."
I smiled as I thought of Ryder; he truly was a strong one, and my heart was so full of love for my son.
"Selene and Cora are already at the bar," my mother told me. "They're excited to see you. You've been distant from them these last couple of weeks, and they've been worried."
Guilt gnawed at my chest; she was right. I have been distant from my birth family. I guess I just wasn't
sure how to deal with that wholenet
thing wanted to get to know them, butt was also happy with how my life was going right now. I didn't mean any disrespect, but it was just too much to handle right now. 
###Chapter 926
My mother guided me over to the bar where Selene and Cora were. Selene was the first to see me, and she gave me a polite smile as I reached the bar.
"It's good to see you," Selene said as she gave me a brief hug. "How are you?"
"I'm good," I told her, trying not to sound too awkward. "And you?"
She nodded, though she too looked uneasy.
"I'm good," she replied. "I was hoping we could maybe talk later?"
I nodded, though I didn't really want to do this during my bachelorette party.
“Yeah, sounds great,” I said, and then Nan pulled me out of the conversation when she gave me a shot of something.
"What is it?" I asked as I took the small glass.
"A shot," she shouted over the music, and then she raised it for me to clink her class with mine.
I shrugged and did exactly what she wanted, and clinked her glass.
I downed the shot immediately after and nearly gagged at the taste of straight-up tequila, making almost everybody laugh and cheer at the same time.
"Do you remember how we first met?" Irene asked, sitting beside me at the bar, a drink in hand.
I smiled and thought back to the first moment I met Irene; it was back during her engagement party. I remembered being so broken at that moment because my fated mate was engaged to marry another woman... a woman who ended up being one of my very best friends.
I couldn't help but smile at the memory now as I leaned my head against her shoulder.
"Yes," I told her. "I remember."
"Can you believe where we ended up now?" She asked, a laugh slipping out. "We've really changed as people, didn't we?"
I nodded.
"Yeah, we really did. I'm thrilled that we did. I wouldn't change who we are for anything."
"I never thanked you," she went on to say. "For everything... You really helped me, and I'm not sure how I can ever repay you."
"You don't need to repay me, Irene. Tomorrow, we are going to be officially family, and I love you."
Tears filled her eyes, and she smiled even brighter.
"I love you too," she said, nudging my shoulder.
Just then, Erik walked up behind Irene and wrapped his arms around her, kissing the nape of her neck.
She giggled.
"Come on,” Nan said, grabbing my arm and shoving another shot into my hand, effectively distracting me. "Let's dance."
And we did, for what felt like hours,
we danced and drank to the point
I I
where I knew I was going to be dead
in the morning. Good thing my
wedding wasn't until tomorrow
night, or I'd never get up in time to walk down that aisle.
"Judy?" I heard my name from behind me, and I whipped around, nearly falling off my feet in the process.
I stood speechless when I saw Olivia and her friends, all of them looking a bit sheepish.
"What the hell are you doing here, Liv?" Irene asked, folding her arms across her chest. "Haven't you caused enough of a mess?"
"Where's Lila?" Nan asked, raising her brows. "Shouldn't she be plotting her next thing on Judy?"
"You haven't heard? I assumed
Selene Blackwell would have told you by now," Olivia said. "She went away for a while. Something about being shipped off to an impatient mental hospital she's doing therapy and she's not allowed to leave, and wont be for awhile. She made a
huge scene at the packhouse. She
wasn't well, I guess."
"And so, what are you doing here?" Nan asked, raising her brows. "Surprised you
didn't follow your perfect Luna.”
Olivia ignored her and kept her eyes on me.
"We wanted to apologize," she told me, her eyes shifting from me to the ground. "We were wrong. Lila wasn't the right choice as a Luna, and we should have given you a chance. We heard what you did for fiehe, and we saw what you did f?r Daisy Baldwin. We had no idea they were such monsters... we were manipulated into thinking you were the wrong choice, but we couldn't have been more wrong. We are so sorry.” 
I was stunned speechless as I stared at her.
"You're sorry?" I asked, confused. "You're apologizing to me?"
"We were wrong," she said again. "And we are grown enough to admit that we were
wrong. So, yes... we are sorry."
Her friends nodded along with her.
“And..." Olivia continued. “We wanted you to know that we would be honored if
you'd be our Luna..."
###Chapter 927
Judy's POV
I was surprised by how many pack mates showed up this evening. There were so many that arrived at the bar to show their support; it wasn't just women... it was men too. It was both the Redmoon and the Silver Crescent Packs that showed.
Old friends, new friends, and those I didn't even think knew my name. It was a bachelorette party that I couldn't forget, no matter how drunk I got.
Olivia wasn't the only one who told me she was sorry and said they wanted me as their Luna. I was being bowed to left and right.
I was overwhelmed with emotions, and I couldn't seem to stop crying by the end of the night.
"I can't believe she's still crying," Irene whispered to Erik and Nan as we got back into the car at the end of the night... well, technically it was the middle of the night.
“Let's bring her back to her parents' house so she can sleep this off. Gavin will kill us if she's too far gone tomorrow," Erik said, sounding worried.
"Yeah, she's really drunk," Nan said, biting her bottom lip like she was stifling a laugh. “Good thing we are werewolves, and we recover from being drunk fairly quickly."
"Not as much has she drunk," Erik said, his nose crinkling. "We really should get her back so she can sleep this off."
“Let me wipe the smudged makeup off her face," Irene whispered, and I felt the warmth of her tissue on my cheek as she wiped away the lingering tears and smeared makeup.
I could only imagine how I must have looked to them at this moment. I was getting married tomorrow for crying out loud; this was not the way a Luna should be looking. I was the Luna of the most extensive territory in the world and was about to be Gavin Landry's wife. My emotions were all over the place; not to mention, I was still emotional after having a baby.
"Come on, you," Nan said, wrapping an arm around me. "You are way too gone to be standing. Sit down in the car and take a deep breath."
I wasn't even aware that I was still standing, if I were to be honest. I had such a fantastic time tonight with my friends and those I wasn't expecting to have fun with. I even shared a few laughs with Olivia. She seemed genuine when she apologized, and because I'm going to be her Luna soon enough, I accepted the apology.
I was so dizzy; the tequila shots and all the other things I've drunk throughout the night were really hitting me hard right now. I hadn't taken a sip of alcohol since before I was pregnant, and even then, I didn't drink much. I had always been a lightweight.
I probably shouldn't have drunk so much before my wedding.
At some point, I must have fallen asleep because I barely remembered taking the ride to my parents' house until I heard my father's voice.
"What the hell happened? She's getting married tomorrow," my father said, his voice booming across his yard, and I could almost imagine the disapproving look on his face.
I was being carried, and I assumed it was Erik, since he was the strongest of my friends.
“She drank a little too much," my mother explained, and I didn't even know she was there. “I knew I should have stayed behind with her.”
Oh, that's right, my mother left the
bar fairly early because it was getting late and she was tired. As were Selene and Cora. But they promised me they would see me ato.
the wedding tomorrow night
didn't fret too much.
“She's getting married tomorrow," my father repeated. "She's a mess. How could
you let her drink this much?"
"She'll be fine, my mother assured
met
him. "She will recover by the morning, and then she will walk down that aisle. You don't need to worry Nan, how about you grab her a glass of water rene, you can help Erbring her to her bedroom and tuck her into bed. I'll be up there in a few minutes." 
"We need to call the Alpha," my father said, and I knew he was probably shaking his head. "I'll get a hold of Gavin."
"Does he really have to know?" Irene asked, a bit nervously. "He's going to be so mad that I allowed this to happen.”
"He'll be even more mad when he finds out about this. According to Shelly, there were a ton of pack mates there. Both from the Silver Crescent and Redmoon."
"It's true... even our Luna, Lucy, showed up at one point, along with Alpha Sampson. They wanted to congratulate Judy on her upcoming wedding and baby because they hadn't seen her in awhile. Butshe was already so drunk. I don't think she even noticed them." 
My mother was right; I hadn't noticed them at all, and I felt terrible. If I remembered
this tomorrow, I would have to apologize.
My father sighed.
"It's decided, Alpha Gavin needs to know about this," he said softly. "Or he will have
all of our heads for keeping this from him."
###Chapter 928
"I know you're right," my mother said, letting out a breath. “Just get her to her room," she said to Irene and Erik.
"Of course," Erik said without hesitation, and then I felt the movement as he started towards the house.
The familiar scent of my family home engulfed me, and I felt the warmth spreading through me.
This was familiar territory; this was where I grew up, and I was comfortable here. I was loopy and saying things out loud, I was sure of it. I could hear Irene chuckling softly and Erik agreeing with me, but I could hardly understand what I was saying, let alone what they were responding to.
Then, I felt the presence of my room and the soft blankets of my bed engulfing me. I was here... I was okay... I was home. But not really home; my home was with Gavin and our family. I missed Ryder so much, but I also really missed my mate. I wanted to be held and loved by him. I knew I was going to see him in the evening, but my wolf was nearly broken without him.
I needed him, and the thought made tears fill my eyes again. It was something that Irene had noticed because she started to wipe them away as they slipped off my cheeks.
"It's okay," she said softly. "You're okay."
I sniffled and wiped at my eyes, but I didn't say anything.
Soon, Nan arrived with a glass of water, and she brought it to my lips while Irene helped to sit me up. How did I become such a mess so quickly? This wasn't how this night was supposed to go. Yes, it was incredibly fun, but I shouldn't have drunk so much the night before my wedding.
My father was right; It was a stupid move on my part.
The water soothed the ache in my throat, and I let out a satisfied breath.
"You need to get some rest," Nan told me, keeping her voice low. "We'll be back in the morning to help get you ready for your wedding."
I nodded, but my eyes remained shut. I worried that it would hurt if I even attempted to open them.
I felt Nan kiss my forehead, and then I felt Irene kiss my cheek.
"Goodnight, future, Mom," she teased as she pulled away.
I would have laughed if I weren't so uncomfortable. I'm not sure how long I had been lying in bed for. I probably dozed off at some point, but then I felt the bed dipping slightly and the soft hand of my mother on my forehead. This time, I did open my eyes to look up at her, and she stared back down at me with a sympathetic look in her eyes.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart. I probably shouldn't have let you drink so much," she said with a sigh.
"It's not your fault," I managed to croak, my throat feeling parched.
She grabbed the glass of water Nan left on my bedside and brought it to my lips. "Drink slowly and take this medicine," she ordered, handing me a couple of pills.
I took the medication and popped them in my mouth as I took a big swallow of the water. I let out a contented sigh and rested my head back on my pillow.
"Get some more sleep. You have a big day this evening, and you'll need as much sleep as possible, she told me. It's 2 amras of right now you have a few hours of rest."
I nodded and let my eyes drift shut, my body relaxing against the bedsheets, and
everything else in the world faded away.
Then, I felt the bed dipping again,
and this time, I was comforted with
the sweet smell of my mate. The warmth that spread through me was almost too much for me to handle
felt his warm arms wrapping around me, and then he pulled me into him, practically placing me ontop of his body entirely. He nuzzled his face into my neck and inhaled deeply. 
"I've missed you," he whispered lovingly.
"I got so drunk," I replied, my words still slightly slurred.
I felt his body vibrate, and I knew he was laughing.
"I know you did," he told me softly. "You probably shouldn't have drunk so much, but
I'm glad you had fun."
"I did," I sighed. "Why are you here? Where's Ryder?"
"He's safe with Taylor and Eliza for the rest of the night. I'll go get him later while you get ready for the wedding he assured me "But father called and told me what happened. I knew I had to see you as soon as possible."
I snuggled into him, living in the warmth he provided.
tyour
"I'm glad you're here,” I whispered, feeling myself drift off once again.
him.
He kissed my head and held me even tighter, like he was trying to absorb me into
"There's no place I'd rather be... and tomorrow, you'll be my wife," he told me. “I can't wait for that."
"Me too," I whispered again.
And for the final time that night, I drifted off to sleep with the knowledge that tomorrow, I'll be Mrs. Landry.
###Chapter 929
Gavin's POV
"I want to thank you for sending Chuck back to my territory," Jermey said, sitting in front of my desk, leaning back in his seat. “We are dealing with him properly. He's been stripped of his title and fired from the force. I promise, I'm not taking this kind of thing lightly."
I nodded, already knowing that Jermey would deal with him. I was going to deal with him myself, but Irene asked me not to. Despite all Chuck had done to her, she still had a kind heart, and I didn't want to disappoint her.
"As long as he's being punished for what he did, I guess it doesn't matter who does it," I muttered, tapping my fingers on my desk. My nerves were a bit jumbled, but in the best possible way. I was getting married this evening to the love of my life and fated mate.
I never thought I would get married again, not in all of my years. But here I was... preparing to marry Judy, and I couldn't be happier with how things were going.
“How's Levi?” Jeremy asked. "Still in prison?"
I nodded.
"Yeah, he's not leaving there any time soon. Apparently, he's causing some issues with some of my guards," I told him, shaking my head. "He'll get what's coming to him one day."
"Have Mica and his nephew arrived yet?"
I nodded.
"Yeah, they are both at the pack house, settling into their rooms before the ceremony tonight. They got here this morning. I had breakfast with them. You're the last one to arrive."
“Better late than never,” Jeremy teased as he pushed off the seat and stood to his feet. “Isn't it almost time? Shouldn't you be getting ready to get to your bride?"
"Yes, he should," Taylor said as he entered my office, his arms folded across his chest. "Why are you in your office when you should be getting ready for your wedding? Its bad enough you refused to let us throw you a bachelor party."
He wasn't wrong. I wasn't interested in being a bachelor for the night. I was more excited to marry my love.
Ignoring that jab, I rolled my eyes.
"I just have a few more things to finish up here," I told them. "I shouldn't be too much longer."
"Didn't we agree no work on your wedding day?" Taylor asked, raising his brows. "What would Judy think?"
"Judy is still recovering after getting
shit face last night," I reminded him, thinking back to that phone call
with Richard Montague last night and how worr he sounded about Judy's well-being. I was worried too. 
I rushed to their house in the middle of the night so I could hold Judy while she slept. I barely slept myself, but I was able to watch her peaceful form the entire night.
I was gone before she could wake this morning, but I knew she was going to be hungover. I was still upset with Nan and my daughter for allowing something like that to happen.
But Nan told me how Olivia apologized, and so did a majority of the pack; they even gave Judy their blessing to be their Luna, and bowed to her, so I couldn't be too upset about how things turned out.
"Seriously, Gavin. Judy will kill us all if you're late for your own wedding," Taylor said, shaking his head. "Let's get a move on things."
I raised my brows at him.
"Did you just tell your Alpha what to do?" I asked, a teasing glint in my tone.
"No, I told my best friend what to do," he said, nudging my shoulder. "Let's get going before we are actually late.”
I knew he was right. This paperwork would have to wait until another day. I needed
to get to my own wedding. I stood without another thought and turned off my
computer before I left around my desk.
"You're right. Let's go."
Without another word, the three of us left the Landry corporation and went straight to the packhouse. Judy was getting ready at the Villa, so I knew the packhouse would be clear of her. Irene was very clear when she told me that I wasn't to see Judy on her wedding day; last night and into this morning apparently didn't count. 
But she indeed forbade me from
seeing Judy in her wedding dress. I
had no
idea how my mate was
doing, but I trusted my family and
friends to make sure she was okay
today. I just hoped she wasnt in too
much pain after drinking so much last night. 
My stomach was in a knot thinking about it.
"Dad... do I have to wear this stupid tux?” Matt asked as he walked towards me, tugging at his dark tie.
I come down, my handsome boy.
"Yes," I told him, putting my hand on his shoulder. "You're the ring bearer. It's custom."
He let out a groan.
"Ryder doesn't have to wear a tux," he said, folding his arms across his chest and scowling at me.
###Chapter 930
I couldn't help but laugh at that logic.
"Ryder is an infant," I reminded him. "You are not. You are wearing the tux, Matthew."
He groaned but didn't argue further.
I went upstairs and into the King's suite, where my suit lay on the bed, ready for me to put it on. I grabbed it and went straight into the bathroom, where I showered and prepped myself for the wedding.
I was excited; I was finally marrying the love of my life. I was never going to let this woman go, and now she was going to be bound to me in more ways than one. I planned to mark her after our wedding during our first night together as a married couple.
After I finished showering, I put on the suit and looked at myself in the mirror. I had to admit, I looked pretty good. I just hoped Judy thought so, too.
There was a soft knock on the door, and I opened it only to find my mother standing on the other side.
"Mom? You came," I said, hugging her.
She stood on her toes to hug me back, and then she kissed my cheek adoringly.
"Did you really think I'd miss my son's wedding?" She asked with a light laugh. "Not a chance."
"How are you? I haven't seen you in a while," I told her, pulling her into my room so we could talk.
Since she was betrayed by Daisy and lost the Moon Gem, she's been hiding. I think her heart was broken because of both Daisy's betrayal and the betrayal of my father. I hated the thought of my mother being heartbroken, and I wanted to fix it.
"I've been okay... I did a lot of reflecting over these last few weeks, and I wanted to tell you that I'm sorry," she finally said, tears filling her eyes. "I should have trusted you and given you the benefit of the doubt. But I'm so happy for you, and I'm happy for Judy. I can't wait to welcome her into our family."
"Wow, Mom. That's huge for you to admit," I told her, wrapping an arm around her and pulling her into me. "Thank you. My mate will be happy to hear that."
She patted my back as she hugged me back, and then she stepped back so she could take a look at me.
"Oh, sweetie, you look handsome, but you really need to do something with your hair," she said, narrowing her eyes at me.
I frowned and ran my fingers through my hair, confused by what she meant.
"I don't understand," I said, my brows furrowed. "What's wrong with it?"
She smiled and shook her head.
"How are you this powerful Lycan Chairman, and you still need your mother's help
with something this simple?" She asked. "Come on... let me fix your hair."
She pulled me into the room and sat
me on the bed as she fussed with
my hair. It was nice spending this time with her, it was strange, though, because we've never really spent this much time together before. Our relationship was never like this, but I can see there was a change in my mother, and she was trying to make up for some old times' sake. 
"So, how's my grandbaby?" She asked. "And where exactly is he?"
I smiled at the thought of Ryder... my heir.
"He's with his other grandparents while Judy gets dressed," I told her. "If you want,
you can head to the villa to see them right now."
"That's alright can see him after. You know, I've gotten to know Michelle Montague quite a bit over the last few weeks, and I have to say, I really enjoy our talks. We've bonded over our love for ouro. grandson. We are having tea next week." 
"Oh, really?" I asked.
"Yes," she replied. "And Ryder will be with us, of course. We are going to spoil him
rotten while you are off on your honeymoon."
I couldn't help but laugh.
"I don't doubt that. Just don't go crazy," I warned her.
She feigned innocence.
"Me? Crazy? Never,” she teased, swatting my arm and making me laugh.
Once she was done with my hair, she stepped back, a pleased smile on her lips.
"Perfect," she said, clapping her hands together. "Now you are ready to get married."
Tears filled her eyes at that moment, and a smile lit up her face.
"What is it?" I asked, standing up from the bed.
She shook her head and wiped at her eyes.
"It's just that sometimes I wish that your father could be here to see this," she told me, making my chest tighten But then I remembered all the secrets and lies he told, and I'm honestly glad he's not around anymore." 
I wrapped an arm around her and kissed the top of her head.
"I love you, Mom," I said to her, and I meant it.
"I love you too, Gavin,” she said with a warm smile. "Now... let's go get you
married."
###Chapter 931
Judy's POV
I never imagined my wedding day would feel this calm.
Not peaceful exactly my nerves were still there, fluttering in my stomach... but calm in the way a storm feels right before it breaks. Like everything had already been decided, and all that was left was for me to walk into it.
I wasn't as hungover as I thought I would be this morning, and for that, I was grateful. I'm sure it had everything to do with that green concoction that Irene forced down my throat early this morning. She told me that it would make me feel better, and she was right; within the hour, I was out of bed and ready to take on the world... or at least this wedding.
It was going to be huge. There were 2 full packs attending this wedding, along with outsiders such as the Lycan chairmen and others from around the world, like Shirley and Tabby, who were my friends at the competition.
I still kept in touch with Tabby, but not as much as I would like. I wish she lived closer but I here she was promoted since Chuck lost his job.
Part of me worried that they would blame me for the Chuck thing but seeing that they came to my wedding made me feel all sorts of relieved.
Nan fussed with my veil for the third time while Irene worked on my makeup.
Selene and my mother were also in the room, watching with watery eyes and smiles on their faces.
Selene and I had a semi-talk this morning and we are planning on getting to know one another a lot better in the coming days. She hadn't said much about Lila, but I knew it was still a touchy subject so I tried not to pry too much.
As for her other kids, my brothers, neither of them showed up to my wedding. Or so I've been told according to the guest list. Which I wasn't surprised about, I wasn't expecting them to show up.
What I really wasn't expecting was the friendship that bloomed between my mom and Gavin's mom. But I suppose grandchildren bring people together
“Nan, you are going to pull her hair out if you keep fussing with that veil,” Irene warned, bringing me out of my thoughts. She was frowning as the clips on the veil tugged at my hair. "Leave it alone."
"It's crooked, though; she can't have a crooked veil when she walks down that aisle."
"It's not crooked; you're just seeing things," Irene said, rolling her eyes. "Trust me,
it's going to be fine. Even if it were crooked, my father wouldn't care."
"Yeah, but what about photos?" She argued back, her brows furrowed.
"We will fix it before the photos."
“No, we will fix it now,” Nan said, pressing her lips firmly together.
“Ladies, let's not argue about this," my mother said, stepping forward. Then, she held her hand out for Nan. "May I?"
Nan sighed and handed my mother the part of the veil she was trying to fix.
"Suit yourself," Nan said, stepping away.
My mother stepped closer to me, and I smiled up at her as she gently adjusted my veil.
"You look beautiful, Judy," she whispered, tears filling her eyes before she could stop them. "I'm so happy for you."
I couldn't help but smile as I looked at the reflection in the nearby mirror. The dress was simple compared to what a Luna could have worn-ivory silk, long sleeved, fitted but comfortable. Gavin had offered designers, jewelry, and anything I wanted. But I didn't want to feel like a queen today. 
I had Irene's designer create a simple dress instead; something that showed the
world exactly who I was as a person, and it was way more comfortable.
Irene stepped beside me, looking at me in the mirror as well.
"What's wrong?" She asked, assessing my face in the mirror.
"Just thinking," I told her, my heart beating rapidly against my ribcage.
"About running away?" She asked, smirking.
I smirked back.
"Maybe a few minutes ago I was," I teased right back.
Nan gasped, and her eyes went wide.
"What" She asked, shock evident on her face.
I let out a laugh.
"I'm joking, Nan. Of course, I'm not thinking about running away," I 0 assured her, making my mother and Selene chuckle. "I'm marrying my fated mate couldn't be happier. 
Nan let out a breath just as there was a knock on the door.
My mother went to open it, and on the other side, stood Erik with a bouquet of white
flowers. I smiled at them; they were so gorgeous, my heart swelled.
He plucked one from the bouquet before he walked over to me, handing me the bunch of flowers.
“It's almost time for us to head to the pack church,” he told me. “Gavin's already on his way there."
I nodded, knowing it was time for us to go.
Then, he turned towards Irene and bowed his head at her, offering her the single flower plucked. Her cheeks went crimson, and a smile lit up her face. She took the flower Without hesitation and then his offered arm. He lifted his head, a smile gracing his lips as he tugged her closer, and together they started towards the doorway. 
###Chapter 932
"I need to make sure Chester is still on his way there with Ema," Nan said as she pulled out her phone. "Want me to check on our father? I know he has Ryder, doesn't he?"
"Yeah, actually, he's with Zachary Blackwell too," I told her, shaking my head at the image. I never really imagined my father hanging around Zachary Blackwell. Still, he was recently promoted to Beta, considering Alpha Sampson was in the market for one, and Gavin didn't think there'd be anyone better other than my father. He was a title that my father gladly accepted, and I was really happy for him.
"Zachary is trying to branch out," Selene said with a shrug. "And get to know the people who adopted his daughter."
Selene hadn't spoken much about Lila, and I hadn't asked her, but the memory of Lila was fresh in our minds. She's been away at an inpatient therapy facility, getting the help that she desperately needed, and I was glad for that. It meant she wasn't going to be a problem for us anymore... at least not for a long time.
The ceremony was held in a church near the packhouse, where many great Alphas before Gavin had been blessed, including his father. I knew this place meant a lot to him, which was why we were deciding to get married here.
I wanted an outside wedding, so everything was prepped outside, behind the church in the large yard that connected to the packhouse.
White chairs lined the grass. Pack members filled them, their murmurs buzzing with curiosity and approval. Even Olivia was there with her friends, wearing gorgeous gowns, and their hair was done to perfection. They were looking around eagerly as well, almost like they were excited for what was about to happen.
It was something I was still getting used to.
"Are you ready?" Nan asked from beside me, her eyes fixed on the rows and rows of pack members. The aisle that we created was long enough to fit all the chairs on either side; one side held the Redmoon pack members, including Alpa Sampson and his mate. The other side had all the Silver Crescent pack members and a few extras, like the chairpersons.
I even spotted Tabby seated near Jeremy; Shirley was right beside her, both looking gorgeous.
When Tabby saw me, her smile grew, and I was relieved to know that she was still my friend. She gave me a quick wave, and I returned it without hesitation.
My father met me at the church entrance. I tried to stay hidden from Gavin's view while we got ourselves coordinated. Ryder was lying in his arms, awake and smiling, as my father handed him to me.
"He better not spit up on your dress,” Nan murmured, folding her arms across her chest and making us laugh.
Chester was soon beside her as well with Emalyn in his arms. Immediately, Nan gushed at their little girl and kissed her chubby cheek, making the baby giggle, and the rest of us laugh as well.
"Come to grandma," my mother said, taking Ryder from my arms and
giving him a gentle kiss
the
cheek and then she turned to me. "I'm going to take my seat with this little one." 
"I'll come with you," Selene said, and then she turned and gave me a small smile.
"I'll see you soon?"
I nodded and gave her a quick hug, which surprised her.
Before she could go, I called after her.
"Can you send Zachary here?"
She looked confused, then nodded before leaving. I turned to my father, and he was eyeing me carefully. I? had talked to him about this before, and I told him I wasn't sure what I wanted to do, he told me that needed to follow my heart on this one and that he wouldn't be mad no matter what I decided. The decision came to me last night, and it was the most obvious thing in the world. 
Zachary was soon in the church, looking around until his eyes settled on me.
"Everything okay? The wedding was delayed a little," he said, walking towards me with a frown marring his lips.
"Yes," I told him as he stopped in front of me. I swallowed the lump in my throat. “But I need to ask you something."
His eyes narrowed.
"You can ask me anything, Judy. You know that," he told me, cocking his head ot the side.
"I need you to walk me down the aisle," I told him, watching as his eyes grew impossibly wide.
"What?" He asked, staring between my father and me.
I let out a low laugh.
"Let me explain," I said, taking hold of each of their hands. “You are both my fathers... I want you both to walk me down the aisle and give me away." ?wnovels
###Chapter 933
Judy's POV
Zachary's eyes filled with immediate tears, which honestly took me by surprise because he didn't seem like an emotional person. I wasn't really sure what to do in that moment; do I hug him?
He didn't seem like a hugger, either, but maybe I would be surprised. But before I could make any moves, my father put a hand on Zachary's shoulder and squeezed
it.
"If our girl wants both her dads to walk her down the aisle, then that's exactly what she's going to get," my father said, giving me a proud smile that made my heart swell.
Zachary cleared his throat and nodded without hesitation.
"Yes, of course. It would be my honor," he said, offering me his arm. My father offered me his other arm, and in that moment, I knew I had made the right decision.
I took both their arms, holding them close to me.
Nan and Chester stood in the front of the line as we approached the doors that led out of the back of the church and onto the courtyard where the ceremony was set up. Taylor and Eliza were behind them; then there was Irene and Erik, and finally Matt, who was holding a pillow with the rings on it.
My heart pounded against my chest; Gavin was at the end of the aisle, and it would only be a few more minutes before I was standing before him, telling him how much I love him and tying myself to him for the rest of our lives.
"You look beautiful," Irene said, smiling at me. She was standing with Erik, their arms already linked, and I felt tears burning in my vision. “Don't you dare cry, Judy. I spent a lot of time on your makeup.”
I laughed through my tears.
“I'm just really happy,” I tell her. “Things are finally looking up for us. You finally have your true mate, and I'm marrying the man I love."
"I'm happy too," she tells me, her eyes sparkling with unshed tears. "Now, let's get you married to my father."
As if on cue, the music sounded, and I could hear it clearly through the closed doors.
They opened, and I got a glimpse of some of those seated on either side, including Tabby and Shirley. My mother was in the front row holding onto Ryder, though I couldn'@really see them clearly from where I stood. 
But I saw a glimpse of Gavin in the front, and my entire heart nearly stopped in my chest. He looked so good that my knees literally went weak. He couldn't see me...... not yet.
Nan and Chester started down the aisle, and the others followed after them.
I looked up at my father, and he gave
me a subtle wink, a small sign that I knew meant everything was going to be okay and that he was in my cornemo matter what. I took
1.n
deep
breath, feeling more confident than I
ever felt in my skin. I knew who I
was... I knew where I came from...
and knew who loved me and I
cherished me in this life. I was
beyond grateful for it all, and I
wanted to hold on to it for just a
moment longer. 
FindNovel.net
"Are you ready?" Zachary asked, and I realized it was our turn to walk through the doors and outside.
I nodded and took another breath before we stepped through the doors.
Gavin's eyes found mine
en
immediately and in that moment, it felt like we were the only two people in the world. His eyes were filled with so much love that it single-handedly made my heart expand. Tears were immediately filling my eyes at the sight of him; if I thought he looked good a few, minutes ago, that was nothing
compared to the way he looked at
this very moment. 
Gavin didn't wait, as he should have. At the end of the altar, he whispered something to Taylor, who stood behind him as his best man, and Taylor let out a laugh, shaking his head.
I wondered for a moment what he was saying, but before I could give him a questioning and slightly annoyed look, he turned back towards me and started to walk in my direction.
My eyes widened, and whispers erupted around us, everyone wondering what Gavin was doing.
He walked like he was a man on a mission, and my steps faltered.
Soon, he was standing in front of me, his eyes sparkling with mischief. "What are you doing?" I asked, a laugh bubbling out of me and making him grin.
"I'm not waiting another second to make you mine,” Gavin said, his eyes pouring into mine and his tone low enough for only me to hear... well... my fathers and me.
###Chapter 934
My cheeks were burning, but my wolf was urging me to go with him because, as much as I was his... he was also mine.
"Well, I guess this is as far as we go," my father said, turning to look at me. "I'm so proud of you, Judy. Both your mother and I are. Even if you aren't our biological child... You will always be our little girl."
He cupped my face with his warm hand and kissed my forehead. I closed my eyes, basking in the warmth and familiar comfort of my father. No matter what, he was still my father, and I adored him.
"You'll always be my dad, no matter what," I assured him. "Nobody could ever replace you."
He smiled, tears glistening in his eyes. He pulled back and nodded for Zachary, and as soon as I turned to him, Zachary wrapped his arms around me.
"I know I haven't been in your life... but just know... " You are still my daughter, and I'll do whatever I can to keep you safe and protected," Zachary assured me. "You are a Blackwell now... which means you have the protection of the Blackwells until the end of time. If you ever need anything, you come to me, understood?"
I let out a choked laugh and nodded.
"Yes, thank you," I told him. "From the bottom of my heart."
He smiled and then nudged my arm with his.
"Now, go get married," he said, and then he turned towards Gavin, narrowing his eyes and pointing his finger at Gavin's face. "If you ever hurt her... I will hunt you, Landry. Don't think just because we are business partners that I won't retaliate."
Gavin smirked as he pulled me into his arms, his own arms wrapping around me like a vice, like he never wanted to let me go.
"I'll never hurt her," Gavin assured him. "You have my word on that. I'm not letting Judy go, no matter what happens. She's mine."
Zachary smiled and seemed to have relaxed.
“Good,” he said, stepping back. “That's what I like to hear."
I let out a laugh.
"Go on," my father said, motioning me forward. "It's time for you to get married.”
Gavin guided me towards the aisle, his arm firmly around my waist. The priest stood
in the front with our wedding party, and everyone was smiling.
Tnet
As we stood before our family and friends, the priest spoke words of prayer and love, and my heart felt like it was expanding with every word Gavin's eyes never left mine, and felt like the most precious" thing in the world to him in this moment. 
My heart was no longer beating as quickly as it had... it was a steady beat, matching the rhythm of his, and I felt a sense of calm. Like this was what I was supposed to be doing... that everything led up to this moment.
My wolf was content, and I was happy.
This was actually happening. I was marrying my best friend.
The priest told us that we can say our vows, and Gavin went first. He talked about the first moments that he saw me... how he knew that was going to wreck his world before he even hired me to tutor his son. It made most people who knew me laugh. 
He spoke of falling in love with me, of knowing would be the mother of his future children, the one he could never let go. I found myself leaning not toward him, desperate for his closeness at that moment, and knew from the smile that tugged at his lips that he knew exactly what I was thinking. 
When it was my turn, I took a deep breath and looked into his eyes.
“Gavin...” I started to say, but then I heard some gasps and whispers, bringing my attention away from Gavin and towards the audience. They were no longer looking at me, but behind them, back at the pack church.
It took me a moment to realize what I was looking at, and once I did, my heart stopped in my chest.
"What is she doing here?" Gavin asked, his voice harsh as he spoke to his beta.
“I don't know,” Taylor said, his eyes narrowing. “Should we call the guards to collect her?"
Gavin was about to answer, but I decided that I wanted to know why she was here, so I turned to her and asked her in front of everybody.
"What are you doing here, Daisy?"
###Chapter 935
Judy's POV
Daisy stood at the end of the altar like a deer in the headlights. Her eyes darted around the space, a nervous expression clear on her face. She wore a simple black dress, nothing too showy, which was surprising for Daisy.
My eyes darted to Gavin's mother, who just stared at Daisy, her expression blank. I wondered what was going through her head at this moment. Daisy was once very close to her, but then she betrayed her and the family. I wasn't sure if she could redeem herself for that, even if it were because Noah was toying with her through a mate bond she didn't even want.
"My almost wife just asked you a question," Gavin said, his voice bellowing across the courtyard.
It was so quiet that a pin could be heard if it fell.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt,” she said, her eyes finding mine. "I've only come to show my support."
I raised my brows, confused by her words.
"You're support?" I asked, not sure I heard her correctly.
"Yes..." she said softly. "And to apologize for all I've done. I know I've said it before... but it wasn't what I wanted. I hope we can start over and maybe even be friends one day."
I looked at Gavin, but he looked unconvinced.
"Why do you suddenly want to be friends? I thought you were leaving town and starting over somewhere fresh," he said, folding his arms across his chest.
She swallowed, her throat working overtime.
"Because this had always been my home," she said, tears filling her eyes. "I don't want to leave my home. I don't have anywhere else to go."
Gavin was about to speak, and I knew what he was going to say. He didn't trust Daisy, and he didn't want her anywhere near our pack. But I put my hand on his shoulder, drawing his attention to me and claiming him slightly.
"She's pack," I told him, my eyes finding his. "Maybe we should start fresh and have some compassion on our wedding day?"
He frowned.
"After everything she's done?" He asked, his eyes narrowing. "Why would you want her here?"
"Because she didn't feel like she had a choice," I told him. "And now she's choosing."
Gavin stared at me for a moment longer, and then his expression softened.
"This is why I'm marrying you,” he said, a small smile lifting the corner of his lips.
I laugh.
"Why?" I asked, stepping closer to him and staying in his space.
“Because your heart is pure and you are going to be an excellent Luna,” he told me, leaning down and brushing his lips across mine.
The priest cleared his throat, reminding us that we were still in the middle of our wedding.
"We aren't at that part," the priest
teased earning chuckles from the audience couldn't help but chuckle as I stepped away from Gavin.
“Fine,” Gavin finally said, turning to Daisy. "Take a seat, Daisy. We'll discuss where
this leaves you later."
Daisy looked relieved, though it was
only slightly. I could still see the
worry behind her eyes, and it made
me feel bad for her. She took a seat in the back row and kept her head down for most of the time. 
But I was no longer paying attention to her or anyone else besides Gavin, who stood right in front of me.
"Gavin..." I started again. "I never saw myself as someone who would become a Luna...or the mate with the most powerful Lycan chairmen. I saw myself as someone who would do anything to protect my family and loved ones. I wanted to be a gamma I and protect my pack. But things have obviously changed... I'm now about to be a Luna... and I am a mother. I thought it meant living up to my dreams, but I realize now more than anything that it only means my dreams have expanded. It includes you now... and it includes your family, because now they are my family, and I'm determined to protect them with everything I have inside me. I love you, and I love the world you've built. I love that you're including me in this world and that you are my rock. I'm proud of the man you've become, and I'm proud of the fact that we get to live this dream together. It's not just my dream anymore... It's ours. I might not be a gamma, but now I can protect our pack and then some. You don't realize it... But you made
my dreams come true, and for that, I'll be forever grateful." 
###Chapter 936
I paused, taking a deep breath; tears were filling my eyes as I spoke, and I worried they'd spill down my cheeks.
"I love you so much,” I tell him, my voice cracking slightly. “And I wouldn't want to do this thing with anyone else."
Gavin's smile was radiant, and it made my heart swell in my chest. I wanted to lean into him and press my lips to his, but I knew we weren't at that part yet.
Once our vows were spoken, the priest cleared his throat, as if he were holding back his own emotions.
"Now for the exchanging of the rings," the priest announced, motioning for Matt, who was the ring bearer.
Matt stepped up, his smile bright, and made me smile in return. He held up the pillow that held both of our rings, and my heart swelled at the sight. It wasn't huge and flashy, showing off how much money Gavin could spend... it was simple... which was perfect for me. The band was smooth white gold, strong without being bulky. At its center sat a pear-shaped moon gem, milky and luminous, catching the light with a soft glow rather than a harsh sparkle.
My eyes shot up to meet Gavin's, and he gave me a knowing look.
"Is this the Moon Gem?" I asked him, my voice barely above a whisper.
He nodded.
"It seemed only fitting," he told me as he took the ring off the pillow. "And with this, I promise you my love and protection for the rest of my life and then some."
He took my hand in his, and I felt the warmth of the ring against my skin; my heart swelled for what felt like the hundredth time.
I took his ring off the pillow and brought it to his hand as well. My eyes found his as I slipped the white-gold band around his finger. It fit perfectly.
The rest of the ceremony went beautifully. There was a lot of crying and emotions, but we made it through. And when the priest finally told Gavin that he could kiss the bride, Gavin didn't hesitate to wrap me in his arms and press his lips to mine.
Everything inside of me expanded at the kiss, and I wanted so desperately to deepen it right then and there. But I knew I couldn't, because there was an audience, and I really didn't need or want them to see that. So I kept it tame and reluctantly pulled away from my husband.
Gavin winked at me as if he knew exactly what I was thinking. I wouldn't put it past him.
The crowd went wild, and I couldn't help but laugh as my family and friends all threw flower petals in our direction. I took Gavin's arm, and he led me down the aisle and towards the church doors so we could get ready for the reception, which was being held at the Carter Resort.
The moment the church doors
closed behind us, the noise frome
outside dulled into a muffled roar.
Laughter, cheering,
Dowling all.
blurred in the background as Gavin pulled me to the side of the corridor. 
For the first time all day, it was just us.
His hands slid to my waist, warm and steady, and he looked at me like he was still
trying to convince himself that this was real.
"You're my wife," he said quietly, almost in disbelief.
I laughed softly.
"You're stuck with me now," I tease. "A little late to regret it now."
He laughed too and shook his head.
"I could never regret you," he assured me, brushing a strand of hair out of my face.
He bent down and brushed his lips against mine, but he never actually got the chance to kiss me because the church doors swung open, pulling me away from him. I turned to see my mom standing there with raised brows. In her arms was Ryder, and he looked so cute in his little onesie. 
"Hi, baby boy," I said to my son as I approached. I wrapped him in my arms and
cradled him against my chest.
"We were just coming to find you
two. The limo is here to take you and
is
the wedding party to the reception. Everyone else taking their ow vehicles. 
I nodded, kissing the top of Ryder's soft head.
"Then we should get going. Are Nan and Irene already in the limo?"
"Irene and Erik are," she said with a nod. "But Nan left almost right after. I'm not entirely sure where she is."
I furrowed my brows.
“She left?” I asked. "What do you mean my maid of honor left”
###Chapter 937
Judy's POV
The reception was already in full swing by the time Gavina and I arrived.
Carter's resort was nothing like its usual restaurant. All the tables and chairs have been pushed out of the way, creating a dance floor in the center of the place. Soft white drapes hang from the ceiling beams, fairy lights woven through them like tiny stars. Round tables filled the room, decorated with simple centerpieces of white roses and greenery.
It was all so warm and welcoming.
It was exactly what I wanted and how I imagined this wedding.
The moment we stepped inside, a cheer rose from the crowd, and the sound was so loud that it echoed through the halls, making it impossible for me not to smile. However, that knot in my stomach continued to tighten, and I knew it wouldn't loosen until I saw Nan.
But even through the crowd, I couldn't see her, and it only made me worry that much more. It wasn't like she was going to leave without telling me she was going. Besides, part of the wedding party, she was supposed to be in the limo with us.
I felt Gavin's warm hand on the small of my back, and I looked up at him. he was giving me a concerned look in return, though his expression was serene.
"Are you okay?" He asked, his voice soft enough for only my ears.
I nodded, though I was anything but okay. I was terrified that something might have happened to my best friend, and I'm not sure how I'd handle it if it were true.
"Congratulations," Lucy said as she approached, Alpha Sampson on her tail, keeping his eyes on her the entire time. It reminded me of how Gavin always kept his eyes on me, no matter where I went, like he feared danger was lurking around the corner at any moment. "I'm so happy for you. How does it feel to be an official Luna?" She asked, nudging me.
"Technically, I don't become the actual Luna until tomorrow night when I'm sworn into office," I tell her. "But it feels amazing to be Gavin's wife."
“Oh, trust me, everyone is looking at you like you're their Luna already. You don't have anything to worry about," she assured me with a bright smile. "We'll have to get together soon."
"Yeah, definitely," I told her.
Lucy kissed my cheeks before she pulled back.
"I'm going to grab some food now because I am starving," she said as she took hold of Sampson's hand and started to pull him towards the buffet that was set up on the far side of the room.
I couldn't help but laugh as I turned towards Gavin.
"Maybe we should get some food too," I suggest, entwining my fingers with his.
"We will, but first you're going to tell me what's wrong because I can feel that something isn't right," he tells me, raising his brows. "You should be happy, but instead you are anxious. What is it?"
I should have known I wouldn't be able to hide that from him; damn mate bond.
I let out a breath and sucked my bottom lip into my mouth.
"Nan left without saying a word to me," I tell him. "And I don't see her here. Did she really bail on my wedding?"
His expression softened as he wrapped me in his arms, pulling me against his chest.
"I'm sure she had a good reason," Gavin said, cupping my face in his big, strong hands, and then he brought his lips to mine, kissing me like he was a starved man, and I was the only source of food.
"Okay, you two, gross," Irene teased as she approached, her arms folded across her chest.
Erik was right there with her, as he should be It was good to see them together, and I'm glad they were both able to be in this wedding Irene as one of my bride's maids and Erik as one of Gavin's groomsmen. 
Irene wrapped her arms around me and gave me a large hug.
"I'm so happy for you," she breathed before she pulled back. “And you look amazing."
"Thanks to you,” I tell her, nudging her with my shoulder. "I'm not sure what I would have done without you."
"I guess I can officially call you family," she said, before turning to her father. "Be
good to her... she's a good one."
Irene said, pointing her finger at her father.
He let out a low and boisterous
laugh before he pulled his daughter into his arms and gave her a large hug, nearly lifting her off the ground and searing her half of death. When he set her back on the ground, sh? was annoyed, but had a ghost of a smile on her face. 
Erik stepped beside her and wrapped an arm around his mate's shoulder, pulling
her into him. She went willingly; her cheeks flushed.
We all went together to grab a plate
of food. The smell alone was
intoxicating; making my belly rumble. Dinner passed with laughter and small conversations. Packe members kept coming up to me, one by one, to offer congratulations -Some were people who ance doubted me... those who whispered about me behind my back. 
###Chapter 938
Olivia's friends.
But tonight, they bowed their heads respectfully, and I couldn't believe the sight of it. It felt surreal.
Then came the dancing. I wasn't a good dancer, not like I was a fighter. But I could keep a tune, and slow dancing was easy because it was just a bunch of swaying back and forth.
Gavin took me in his arms, and I put mine around his neck. He stared at me with so much love and admiration that I could hardly breathe. Our song played softly in the background, and I almost heard our son's soft cooing over the music, but a quick look showed he was sleeping soundly with Gavin's mother, who remained in her seat for almost the whole time.
Midway through the song, others started to dance as well. Once the song ended, a newer, more upbeat one began, and everyone pulled apart and started dancing wildly.
Gavin entwined our fingers and pulled me off the dance floor. We went over to his mother, both of us wanting to see our son. Matt was also at the table, talking to Dianne who looked tired.
"Hey, buddy. How about you go find someone else to talk to for a bit," Gavin said, putting a hand on Matt's shoulder. "I think your grandma needs a break."
"Can we have cake?" Matt asked, raising his brows.
I let out a laugh; despite everything, I always forget that Matt is only a little boy. I run my fingers through his shaggy hair.
"Soon," Gavin promised him. "We'll cut the cake, and you'll get the first slice."
Matt cheered excitedly as he ran off to find someone else to talk to.
"How is my little boy?" Gavin asked, sitting beside his mother.
"He's amazing. Such a good baby. Reminds me so much of you at his age. I can already sense it...he's going to be extremely powerful."
Gavin smiled, and I could see the pride on his face.
I found myself looking around again, my eyes darting around the area. My chest tightened when I still didn't see Nan anywhere. I was worried about it; it wasn't like her to disappear on me like this.
I saw my mom and dad talking off in the distance; my mom looked a bit worried, and my chest tightened even more. Without thinking, I turned and started towards them. I could feel Gavin's worry and curiosity as he watched me disappear through the crowd, and I didn't stop until I was directly in front of my parents.
They knew something... I know they did.
"What's going on?" I asked, looking between the two of them.
My mom started, and my dad turned to look at me, his face stoic.
“Nothing for you to be concerned about. Go celebrate your marriage with your husband,” my father said, putting a hand on my shoulder and giving it a gentle squeeze.
I turned to my mother, knowing I wasn't going to get anything out of my father.
"What is it?" I asked her. "Where is Nan?"
My mom's eyes widened, and her eyes darted to the door on the far side of the room. The one that led into the back halls where the offices were. She caught herself quickly after, though, and looked away, but it was too late already saw the gesture, and I was already heading
in that direction. 
"Judy, wait," my mother said, and I could hear her shuffling her feet, trying to walk fast enough in her heels to catch up to me.
I didn't stop, though.
I went through the door and paused when I heard a female voice.... It sounded like she was crying, and then a male voice joined in.
"I thought it wasn't possible..." the female said, and as I got closer, I realized I knew that voice better than I thought. “How is this possible?"
"The Moon Goddess saw it fit... she's given us a blessing," the male said, his voice also sounding familiar.
My heart stopped when I realized who was speaking.
Nan and Chester.
They were here.
I walked faster until I reached where they were, around the corner. They both froze
when they saw me, Nan's face paling.
"Judy..." she said, but I held up my hand, stopping her.
"You left... I was worried sick about you, Nan. How could you have left"
"It's not what it looks like," she assured me. "I'm sorry I didn't say anything... but we
had to run to the drug store right after the ceremony.... I'm so sorry..."
"The drug store" I asked, furrowing my brows. "You left my wedding so you can an errand? And you didn't even find me to say
something about it... I don't understand what could have been more important at a time like this..." 
I knew I sounded like a spoiled brat, but I couldn't help myself. I was hurt.
Nan looked at Chester, as if she was asking permission to tell me the truth. When he gave her a short nod,
I knew that that's exactly what she
was doing, and I felt even more annoyed
fak arms acrosS
my chest and was about to tell her
just that, but her words stopped me
dead in my tracks. 
"I'm pregnant."
###Chapter 939
Judy's POV
I stared at the two of them, dumbfounded. I couldn't have heard her correctly; Nan was pregnant?
A long time ago, she admitted that she couldn't have children. But from the way she was looking at me, I knew she wasn't joking. At that moment, I realized how pale she was... how distant she almost seemed today. She had a faraway look in her eyes before she walked down the aisle, and I wondered if it had anything to do with the fact that she was pregnant.
When did she even find out about this? And why hadn't she told me sooner?
“Pregnant?” I asked, finally finding my voice. "How long have you known?"
"Not long," Nan said quickly. "We just found out a few minutes ago."
"That's why we went to the drug store," Chester explained, draping a protective arm around Nan's shoulders. “She was feeling sick all last night, and she was having trouble keeping anything down this morning. She was lightheaded and unwell. I kept telling her we should go to the doctors, but she refused because of your wedding." My eyes went back to Nan, and I saw tears in them.
"I'm your maid of honor. I couldn't miss your wedding because of a stomach bug," she told me, sniffling. "I took some medicine, and I was almost fine this morning. Except when we got here, I ran into the bathroom to throw up before putting on this dress. I thought I was going to pass out when we walked down the aisle, and standing there was like torture because I was terrified I was going to puke during your vows."
My heart broke for Nan; I couldn't imagine what she must have been going through in that moment.
As soon as you said you guys kissed, I knew I had to get out of there, so I ran down the aisle and tried to find a hiding spot outside somewhere. But your mother ended up following me because she saw me running. She held my hair back while I threw up in a bush, and it was the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to me."
"Oh, Nan..." I said, stepping closer to her.
She swallowed, her throat working overtime.
"When I finally vomited everything out of my stomach, she went to get Eliza, and she examined me real quick. That's when she brought up the possibility of being pregnant. At first, didn't want to entertainthe thought and get my hopes up. I've been told by various doctors that i would never be able to have
children. It was almost too good to be true if that were the case. But she told me that I should get to a drug store and pick up a pregnancy test anyway, just in case." 
"So, you did," I breathed, shaking my head. "You and Chester went to the drug store."
She nodded, leaning into Chester even more, and he tightened his hold around her.
"Yeah," she breathed. "We went to get a pregnancy test. The drugstore didn't have any public bathrooms, so we had to use the one here. We arrive a few minutes after you did, and your mother asked if we had the test told her yes and that we couldn't take the test just yet. She showed us where the bathroom was, and we've been here ever since." 
“And you found out that you're pregnant..." I breathed again; this time it was less of
a question and more of amazement.
She nodded, ears nowt discuss flowing down her cheeks.
“We were just discussing what we were going to do now,” Nan explained. “I wanted
to tell you... but it's your wedding day, and I don't want to take away from—"
Before she could finish her
sentence, I threw my arms around
her and pulled her closely into me Tears were flowing down my cheeks before could stop them. My best friend was expecting a baby This was one of the best pieces of news I've had in a long time, and I couldn't believe that I was getting to share the happiest day of my life with my best friend. 
This had to have been the happiest day of her life, too... finding out that she was carrying a baby for herself. This is all she's ever wanted besides becoming a well- known chef and owning her own 5-star restaurant. For as long as I've known her... Nan has always wanted to be a mother.
"I'm so happy for you," I breathed.
“There you are,” I heard a voice behind me, and without looking, I already knew that it was Irene. "It's time to cut the cake. Matt is about to wolf out otherwise. And.. oh my goddess... your makeup!"
###Chapter 940
Irene gasped as I turned to face her.
I couldn't imagine how I must have looked to her in this moment. I knew I was a complete mess but honestly? I couldn't care less. I was so beyond happy... my heart was full, and things couldn't possibly be better for me, my friends, and my
family.
"Seriously, Judy. You look like a mess, and we haven't even done photos yet," Irene whined as she approached us.
"Nan's having a baby,” I announced before I could stop myself.
Irene stopped in her tracks and turned to Nan, a questioning look in her eyes.
“It's true,” Nan said with a nervous laugh. "I'm having a baby."
"Holy shit," Irene gasped. “Congrats!"
She rushed towards Nan and Chester and hugged them both. Then, Gavin appeared around the corner with Taylor and Eliza on his trail. Eliza was holding baby Emalyn, and Gavin was, of course, holding Ryder.
Nan smiled when she saw her little daughter and went straight for her, just as I went to Ryder.
"Why is everyone in the hallway? Matthew is getting impatient about that cake," Gavin said, pressing his lips to the top of my head just as I kissed Rylder's little forehead.
"We just found out that Nan is pregnant," I told him, a genuine smile lighting up my face.
Gavin raised his brows and looked over at Nan, who was flushing from the sudden attention.
"That's huge news. Congratulations," Gavin said with a nod. "Now, can we get back to the real reason why we are here?"
I laughed at that.
"You mean the cake?" I asked.
“Exactly,” he teased right back, giving me a wink as he wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me along with him.
I paused when I saw that Nan wasn't following. She was staying back with Chester, and when I met her eyes, she gave me a small smile.
"I'll be there in a minute,” she tells me. “I just need a minute with my mate."
I nodded, understanding completely.
With that, we went back to our wedding and cut the cake, which I'm sure was Matt's favorite part of the entire night.
For the rest of the evening, we danced, we laughed, and we had an overall amazing night.
"Congratulations!" Tabby said as she
wrapped me in a huge hug. "I'm so
happy for
you. You are omso
glowing and
beautiful, even with all that makeup all over your face." fo FindNovel.net
I laughed.
“Yeah, Irene is still giving me hell over it," I told her. "But it was well worth it."
"How is Irene doing, by the way?" Shirley asked; I hadn't realized she was standing there until that moment.
"She's doing great," I replied. "She bounced back pretty fast."
I glance over to where Irene and Erik were; they were wrapped up in one another, dancing on the dance floor.
"I heard she found her mate. I'm glad that wasn't just a rumor," Shirley said, letting out a breath. "We had no idea Chuck was like that. We knew he was a siren, but I didn't think he'd everuse his powers like that it wa dirty, and we don't condone Such behavior. I'm so sorry." 
was
"You don't need to be the one to apologize," Hold her, giving her a small smile. “It wasn't your fault that he turned out to be a dirtbag I'm just glad there was no harm other than emotional. Irene is fine now, and she has her mate. His Alpha is dealing with Chuck. All is right in the world." 
“And you just got married," Tabby said with a wide grin. “Let me see that ring!”
I chuckled as I showed off the Moon Gem. They cooed and awed, gushing over how gorgeous it was and how fitting.
"Judy, time for pictures," my mother said, motioning for me to go with the family.
We took pictures literally all over the place, and by the time we were done, I was exhausted and about ready to end this wedding stuff.
Our friends and family all waved us off as we got into Gavin's car and drove off for the first time as husband and wife.
"Are you ready?" Gavin asked, looking over me and offering me his hand.
I looked at it and then back at him.
"For what?" I asked him.
The corner of his lips tipped upward into the sexy smirk that I love so much.
"For the rest of our lives."
I smiled and took his hand, intertwining my fingers with his.
"I've been ready for a long time.”
###Chapter 941
Gavin's POV
10 years later.
"Ryder! I need you to get your shoes on, right now!" Judy yelled from the bottom of the stairs.
She turned around at that exact moment, her eyes narrowing at our little girl who just walked out of the kitchen.
"Casey, sweetheart. What's all over your face?" Judy asked, distress clear in her words.
The 5-year-old just grinned and licked her fingers.
"Chocolate,” she answered, a smug smile on her face.
Judy threw her head back and groaned.
"You are going to be the death of me, child," she murmured. "And you..." she added, turning her head to look directly at me, the lurker in the corner of the room who didn't think she saw. "Why aren't you helping?"
I pushed off the wall and strolled towards my beautiful wife and Luna.
"Because you're so sexy when you're the big boss," I teased, wrapping her in my arms and pressing a gentle kiss to her temple.
She scowled up at me.
"Seriously? In front of Casey...?” She asked, narrowing her eyes and pointing her finger at me. "Behave, Mister."
I couldn't help but smile as I pretended like I was going to bite her finger off. She pulled it away before I could trap it between my teeth.
"We need to get going," Judy said, putting her hands on her hips.
I let out a breath.
"Babe, why are you stressing? It's not even your party," I reminded her, giving her shoulder a light squeeze. "You don't need to carry the weight of it on your shoulders."
She frowned up at me.
"She's my best friend," Judy said, folding her arms across her chest. "And her twins are turning 9 today. I need to be there for them. I promised her I would be there.”
I know she's been stressed about her friendship with Nan lately. They both have been living fairly busy lives. Nan, with her 5-star restaurant, taking care of twins, and Judy being a Luna and mother of our children... they barely had enough time to see one another.
I stepped in front of her, trying to get her attention. She finally stopped talking long enough for me to put my hands on her shoulders and keep her grounded.
"It's going to be okay," I told her, letting out a breath.
"You're right,' she said. "It is."
She stepped back and closed her eyes; she started to whisper something, and I knew exactly what was about to happen. Suddenly, white orbs left her body and started towards the stairs.
I turned to look at her and saw she was watching the orbs, her eyes fascinated by them.
"What did you do?" I asked her.
"What needed to be done," she said, narrowing her eyes at me.
Before I could say anything else to her, I heard Ryder yelling.
"Hey! Not fair!!” He kept yelling, his voice rising. When he was finally in a spot that I could see him, I saw the white orbs on either side of his arms, and they were pulling him down the stairs.
He had his shoes on, though they were untied.
"That wasn't fair," Ryder growled. "I tried to undo the magic as you taught me, and it wouldn't work."
Judy's expression softened as she knelt to the ground and helped him tie his shoe.
"It's because my magic is stronger," she told him. "You'll get there someday, Ryder. You have to keep practicing."
"And you need to start listening to your mother. When she tells you to do something, you do it," I warned him. "We've taught you better than that, der. You are the Alpha Hei and the one taking over my entire empire. What's gotten into you?"
"Sorry, Dad... sorry Mom," he murmured, staring down at his shoes. “I just don't want to go to this stupid party."
"That's not very nice," Judy said, frowning.
“Kenzi isn't nice," Ryder said, folding his arms across his chest. "I don't want to celebrate her birthday."
"But you and Kylie are friends. Shouldn't you want to celebrate her birthday?" Judy asked, raising her brows.
He sighed.
"I guess so," he muttered.
“Come on... it won't be that bad,” I told him. “Besides, your brother will be there."
This brightened Ryder right up; he adored Matthew. Matthew is currently at the same college Judy attended, but he lives in a dorm, so we don't get to see him as often.
Once everyone had their shoes on and Casey's face was cleaned of all chocolate, we were ready to go. Nan and Chester lived in a manor not far from here. When we arrived, I parked the car and we got out, walking towards the front doors with my family. 
The butler answered the door before we had the chance to knock.
He stepped aside, bowing his head slightly.
"The Landry's have arrived," he announced, motioning for us to enter the house.
Judy put her hands on both of our kids' shoulders and ushered them inside. I followed after them; we differed in how we walked into goms she was still a bit tentative and shy, like she wasn't sure if she deserved to be there. Whereas I walk into the room as if I owned the place, and I wasn't afraid of what people thought. 
"What took you so long?" Nan said as she rushed towards Judy. "I don't have nearly enough food for all of these people, and I'm completely stuck in the kitchen."
“Let me help you,” Judy said as she took off her coat and handed it to the butler. "Let me just get my family settled first."
###Chapter 942
She started to take off Casey's coat. Ryder and I took off ours, handing them to the butler.
"Babe, you should be resting, not working in a kitchen," I told her, coming up behind her and putting my hands on her sides. “Not in your condition."
Judys' frown deepened as she turned to look at me, her arms folded across her chest.
“It's not a condition, it's pregnancy. And you are the one who did this to me... again,” she said, pressing her lips together in a thin line. "I don't need to rest; I need to help my friend with her first-ever party. Now, if you'll excuse me."
She turned and started to walk away, but then she froze and turned back to our kids. She kissed them both on the cheek and pulled them both in for a hug before she went with Nan to the kitchen.
There were a lot of guests at this party; it seemed as if Nan invited most of the pack to her twins' 9-year-old birthday.
“I'm going to go into hiding," Ryder said as he started to walk away. "Don't come find me."
"You aren't going to say happy birthday to Kylie?" I asked, but he didn't turn around; he just disappeared into the crowd, making me roll my eyes.
"Guess it's just you and me, Case," I said, putting my hand on my little girl's head. She looked up at me and smiled.
"Is Irene going to be here too, Daddy?" Casey asked, hope on her face.
She loved Irene and missed her very much.
I let out a breath and shook my head.
"No, she's not,” I said. “She couldn't get the time off.”
Irene had been traveling the world as a renowned fashion designer. Erik has been working as her bodyguard and her husband. I had to admit, when she told me she was leaving the pack to pursue her dreams, I was against it. But I knew she would be safe with Erik by her side, and he was refusing to let her go without him.
Now, she's made something of herself; she's built her own empire, and I was so incredibly proud of her. But unfortunately, she couldn't get out of work this week. That's the downside of her career; I don't get to see her often.
"Uncle Gavin," said a familiar voice, and I looked up to see Emalyn walking towards me. She smiled, hugged me, then waved at Casey. "It's good to see you."
"You too, kid," I said. "How's school going?"
"Boring," Emalyn muttered. "Everyone is so stuck up..."
Emalyn is going to a private school with a bunch of rich kids. Since Nan's restaurant blew up and both Chester and Nan became well-known chefs, they were able to afford a luxurious life for their family.
“Ema, it's your turn to entertain the kids,” Chester said as he made his way towards us; he looked tired.
"Ugh... do I have to?" She asked, crinkling her nose. "I'm almost 11. I shouldn't have to hang out with a bunch of 9-year-olds.”
"Yes, we had a deal, remember?" Chester reminded her.
She groaned.
"This is your fault for not booking entertainment," Emalyn muttered.
"Yeah, you have me there," Chester said, running his hands through his hair, not bothering to argue. "You know we aren't good at this party. thing.We don't host parties... we normally only cater them But you mother is trying to prove herself now that we are living in this fancy
lifestyle." 
"I know dad," Emalyn sighed. "I'll go entertain them.”
She waved at me and then disappeared through the crowd. Chester sighed and turned to me.
“Glad you could make it, Alpha," Chester said. "I'm sure my wife already snatched up yours."
"The second we walked in," I said, letting out a low laugh. "How's it going here?"
"Chaotic, if you couldn't tell. I think she invited most of the pack," Chester said, shaking his head.
I laughed; that was an understatement.
"Hi, Daddy. Hi Uncle Gavin," a sweet voice said from down below.
I looked down to see one of the
twins standing in front of me. I
already knew it was Kylie based on the freckles around her nose and cheeks and the gap between her front teeth. Kenzi didn't have any freckles, but she did have a beauty mark on her chin “She also had g? gap between her teeth, so they were pretty easy to tell apart if you knew them. 
"Hey, Kylie,” Chester said. “Everything okay?"
She nodded and then turned to me.
"Ryder here?" She asked, eagerly.
I laughed; she and Ryder had been best friends since she was born, pretty much,
even though he was only a year at the time.
"He's somewhere," I told her, motioning in the direction he went.
She thanked me before she went off, and I couldn't help but laugh.
Soon enough, Nan was wheeling out the large birthday cake, and Judy was right behind her. Everyone was singing happy birthday to the twins, and when looked around felt ang swell of pride in my chest. 
This was my pack... my family... my friends... and everyone in between celebrating two little girls' birthdays.
My eyes locked onto Judy, and she gave me the brightest smile, and I knew with certainty that there would never be a single place I'd rather be than right here.
