###Chapter 1: A Goddess of the Night...
Levi. Manhattan, New York City. Present day...
I sat spellbound in the Ruthford family box, watching the show as the graceful dancers leapt in the air, in synchrony to the music that filled the entire theater. I couldn't remember the last time I sat enraptured by a show. The entire theater, filled with golden lights, was quiet, except for the music played by the orchestra on the stage. Everyone, it seemed, was as entranced as I was, watching the dancers.
But while they were all mesmerized by the lead dancer, I was captivated by the gracefulness and beauty of the ballerina dancing at the rear end of the performers. Sure, the lead dancer was extremely beautiful—her skin flawless and her steps like a graceful swan. But the dancer at the rear, she was a goddess.
The young beauty, an earth nymph. Her satin, sable skin shimmered under the stage lights. Her limbs moved lightly, like a goddess of the night, pouring her elegance onto the stage. My gaze was fixed on her face, which radiated such profound beauty. Her presence was magnetic, drawing my attention away from everything else in the room.
As I watched her, I felt a stir of curiosity and admiration I hadn't experienced in a long time. It was a feeling of genuine intrigue, one that had been absent since Belle. A slight shadow of the past threatened to cloud my thoughts at that name, but I forcefully shoved it aside.
The thunderous claps that erupted from below forced my thoughts back to the dancers, who were taking their bows. My eyes remained fixed on the same ballerina. I decided right then to send her a token of my appreciation for her exceptional performance.
"Blake," I called to my manager beside me. "I want you to do something for me." I turned my gaze back to the ballerina, who was still waving to the audience. "Find out about that ballerina at the rear—the one to the right."
"Yes, Sir." Blake nodded, preparing to exit the box.
"Send her a bouquet of red roses from me," I added. "And once you find her, call me. I'd like to speak with her personally."
Blake nodded and exited the box, while I sat back, watching the stage empty, her image still etched in my mind.

###Chapter 2: Have dinner with me...

***Kenya***.

"Thank you, Sir. But I wasn't the lead ballerina. I was just a backup dancer." I confessed, nervously. His laugh, soft, reached my ears and I found myself settling into the warmth.

"I know that you weren't the lead ballerina. But in a building, the hidden pillars give the strength." I heard again. The allusion and calm voice.inducing a gasp from me. Those words reached somewhere deep in my center, filling me with a sense of welcome. A sense of belonging.All these years since I begun performing for my dance company, I had never been seen as anything but the side ballerina. The backup. Many times, I had wanted to quit dancing for the company. To focus on my job as a ballet teacher for Jaime,'; a smal dance school, where I taught young girls. But each time, I found myself staying back, because dancing was my identity.It was who I was. It was who I had become. Because in spite of the slight limp in my right leg, which was caused by a birth defect, I still loved to dance.


"Are you still there?" I heard Mr Ruthford's voice break into my thoughts.

"Yes, Sir. I am. Sorry. I was deep in thought," I said, quietly.

"It's no worries. Do you like the roses?" I heard him say. It seemed his breath hitched, as he waited for me.


"Yea...Yeah...Sure. Who wouldn't?" I chuckled. I was nervous. I was not used to speaking to important dignitaries like this. Levi Ruthford wasn't supposed to talk to me. He was supposed to talk to sweet, beautiful likes of Odette Withers, the lead ballerina. I on the other hand was to be in the dim light. The background, where I belonged. Mr Ruthford, was making me very uncomfortable. I hoped this conversation ended soon, because it seemed I wanted to haul out all I had eaten earlier today. I felt sick to my
stomach.

"Alright. And this brings me to my second reason for calling you." I heard him pause. I hoped this Mr Blake's suit didn't cost a fortune,because it seemed I was about to cast out all my insides on him. I nervously poured out a glass of water from a glass jug that was seated with some refreshments. Taking a sip, I quietly listened to the next words Mr Ruthford had to say.

***

***Levi***

"I want you to have dinner with me, one of these nights."

Kenya choked as she swallowed the water. I stilled, alarm creeping over me,as I heard her coughing. There seemed to be a comnmotion on the other end. I couldn't tell. I was helpless and worried, as I heard Blake's voice, asking her to take some water.

"Are you alright? Kenya? Blake?" I asked,worriedly.

"Am fine, Sir. I was just...caught off guard." I heard her confession. I heard her cough again,.

"Am sorry about that. I couldn't help it...You are extremely beautiful,Kenya." My words seemed to make her quiet, because I heard no sound,except her breathing for moments. I wondered at her silence. She was a beautiful woman. A great dancer. I frowned, wondering if I had said something wrong. I was a persistent man. Something I had perfected in all my years as a business man. And I never relented. It was something ladies swooned over, when they saw me. And men cowered at, like wet roosters.Pressing on, I said.

"And I wanted to just sit down with you. Talk and eat. Most times am busy in the day, so I couldn't suggest lunch. Dinner was the best that I
had." She still said nothing for another second. I could hear her breathing.She hadn't hung up. Christ! Her silence was unnerving me. I had never seen a woman waste a second in accepting dinner with me. Forgive me if I was suddenly anxious. Even though I was trying to put on a cool facade.

"Sir, I have a slight limp in my right leg." I suddenly heard her blurt out without restraint. I was taken aback by the earnest admission. My mind,mentally assessing the words. The reason behind them. *Was this her plot to throw me off her scent?* I wondered.

"I suspect you have only reminded me of that to throw me off." I remarked, amusement hinted beneath my voice, as I found her attempt futile. She trying to dissuade me from finding her as desirable as I already did was cute.

"I..." She hesitated.

"I noticed your limp, while you danced. But it didn't stop you from interpreting the art so, talentedly and gracefully." I confessed. Indeed I had noticed the limp in her leg. It wasn't obvious. One only needed to have a keen eye to notice it. Yet I wondered why she assumed I would be thrown off by her limp.

"Can I ask you a question?" I pressed.

"Yes, Sir." Kenya's sweet voice came. I loved her voice. It was quiet, had this song song tone.

"Am I to assume that men don't ask you to dinner because of that limp?"I bluntly asked. I heard Kenya's breath hitch. My thoughts randomly guessing hers. Perhaps my question had hit a mark. I couldn't be certain.I suddenly felt upset. My thoughts going to her. Had she been bullied because of the limp. Belittled, just because of that insignificant flaw.Something that didn't even matter. I wanted to reach her. To comfort her.My heart suddenly twisted, as I wished to equally hurt those that had ever
disparaged her. Then her voice broke into my thoughts. The crack and thickness beneath, confirming my earlier suspicions. I heard pain as she spoke.

"Sir. I am grateful for the roses. But I am afraid that I have to go. I have some errands to run on my way home." Her voice was crisp.
"Perfect. Let me drop you off." I hastily suggested.


"No,Sir. Good night Sir."
###Chapter 3: Unpatriotic Senator...

***Kenya.***

***Two Weeks Later...***

"Girls, girls, girls. Again from the top. First position. Second Position.Third. Fourth. And finally, fifth." I called audibly to my girls in class.Smiling in return to the girls' whose smiles lifted my heart. I loved my students so much. They were one of my most treasured darlings in my life,next to my mother and my sister, because they didn't judge my imperfections. Rather, these young girls, saw as a leading light.I stretched myself fluidly, to release all the knots in my limbs, after all the practice that had just transpired. It was 6 pm, and the girls' parents were already awaiting them, to take them back home.

"Alright girls, your families are already waiting to take you home. You must remember to always practice at every chance you've got. Practice makes perfect." I reminded the girls, who were gathering their personal belongings to leave. A few of the girls came over to give me a hug on their way out. Gladly, I shared the affection with the girls and watched them all file out of the room to meet their families. A few of the parents were talking with the owner of the establishment, Claudine,who stood there.talking excitedly with them. Claudine was a beautiful and graceful woman,who had once been a top ballerina, back in her days. Her love for the arts,as well as her drive to teach other young women,had motivated her to establish the dance school, years ago.
couldn't be perfect and should appreciate themselves, wholeheartedly,I always had a few girls crying in the corner, feeling inadequate.Their struggle usually reminded me of how much I had put into being perfect,during the early years of my life. Now. as a 23-year-old. I no longer put in that much effort to be appreciated. I only carried myself to wherever the wind led me.


I heard the familiar foot falls of Claudine as I put the last of my stuff away,ready to leave.

"Sweet heart, the parents are so happy with all your hard work with the girls. They say you have built a certain confidence in their girls that is highly commendable." Claudine chimed.

Smiling back, I replied, "Claudine, we all have you to thank for setting *J aime* up, in the first place."

Claudine laughed, pleasantly and gave a look around the quaint,practice room. "I have Jimmy to thank, for his generosity after our divorce,"Claudine said sarcastically. I chuckled at the woman's words.Smiling at how Claudine never failed to let everyone know about her generous divorce settlement from her ex-husband from 10 years ago.

Grabbing my hand bag, I accompanied Claudine to the reception, chatting about a new dance routine that Claudine wanted the girls to learn.A dance routine, which I doubted the girls had the heart to execute. But Claudine was a woman with a hard drive and she expected such from both her employed teachers and the students.

"Oh look," Claudine said, her focus on the TV screen, where the weather woman was rattling on, "The weather woman says it's expected to have hailstorms in Colorado, tonight. I wish it would rain tonight in NYC."
"Claudine, please, don't summon the rains with your mouth." I teased,smiling as I picked up my mail from Katie, the receptionist.

"Kenya darling, I don't need to summon the rains. The weather woman already declared hail in Colorado. I only wish it could rain in NYC tonight.that's all. At least wvith that, one can have a weather for two. Just like Katie hopes for a weather for two. That is why she has Gerald out there in the car,waiting for her. Isn't that so, Katie?" She flashed Katie a teasing smile,which made the young woman, uncomfortably shy. I laughed at the scene.It was an attribute of Claudine to tease her staff at every given chance she got. A funny woman she was.

"Quit making her uncomfortable, Claudine. I am sure that Gerald is only here, because he doesn't want any other man to gaze at his Katie." I equally teased. Katie smiled, shyly and tried to avoid eye contact.

Finding the entire scene hilarious, I made ready to exit the building,after grabbing my mail. Then the face of Levi Ruthford, suddenly filled the TV screen, halting me in my steps. He was talking to the press and there was a news item on the bar that stated some of the women of NYC weren't comfortable having an unpatriotic senator, who wasn't family oriented.

"What do they mean, 'unpatriotic senator'?" I asked Claudine.

"Oh, nothing. Just that the man isn't married, since he got widowed,years back. It's odd isn't it? He has remained unmarried, has no tangible ties to any woman, that we can say would lead to a potential suit. To give him a family. Yet, he wishes to be a New York Senator? He expects votes from the family oriented New Yorkers." Claudine explained, ruefully. I looked at the man-*that is really looked at him*\- as a man and not a politician on the TV. And I decided he was handsome.

Extremely hot at 6 ft 2, as I had read. His shining jet black hair,cropped
in a stylish cut, with the top slightly tussled and his perfectly trimmed facial hairs; he looked roguish. Had such a man spoken to me? Sent me red roses,two weeks ago?

I wondered if I had done the right thing, not accepting his dinner invite two weeks back.


"I for one have nothing against theman." I heard Claudine declare,quietly.
###Chapter 4: No, Hank...

Kenya Later that night...
I walked into my living room in Greenwich Village and flicked on the lights. I dropped my house keys on the sideboard and sank onto the grey sofa, feeling the weight of the day's rehearsals. Tired and hungry, I eventually forced myself to the kitchen to warm some dinner before heading to the shower.
As the warm water cascaded over me, my thoughts drifted back to Mr. Ruthford. I wondered why society demanded such perfection from public figures. Here was a man who was successful and hardworking, yet he was being criticized for his personal life. It reminded me of my own struggles with the opinions of others.
Stepping out of the shower, I dried off and put on a comfortable black silk nightshift. I sat on the sofa with my meal—chicken and quinoa—trying to relax. But the peace was short-lived. My phone rang, and the screen flashed with a name I didn't want to see: Hank.
My heart hammered against my ribs. I reluctantly answered. "Hank? Why are you calling? You were told to stay away."
"Kenya, we need to talk," he said, his voice bringing back the fear of that night at the theater.
"There is nothing left to say, Hank. You hurt me, and you were clear about how you felt." Tears began to blur my vision. The memory of his anger and the way he had treated me felt like a fresh wound.
Just then, a knock sounded at my door. "I have to go, Hank. Someone is here," I said and hung up, wiping my eyes. I checked my reflection, trying to hide my distress, and opened the door.
My breath caught. Standing there, tall and striking in the hallway light, was Levi Ruthford. He looked less formal than on TV—his tie was gone, and his hair was slightly tousled, giving him a rugged but decent appeal.
"Hello, Kenya," he greeted softly. "A surprise, I hope? Did I come at a bad time?"
He looked into my eyes, and I could see genuine concern etched on his face. I looked away quickly, trying to hide the fact that I had been crying.
###Chapter 5: Your Eyes...

Levi.
"I... I just got something in my eye," Kenya lied, her voice shaky. I didn't press her, though it was obvious she had been distressed.
"May I come in?" I asked. She nodded and stepped aside. Her apartment was a reflection of her—elegant and warm, decorated in soothing pastels.
"Sorry, it's a bit untidy... I was just eating," she murmured, glancing at her table.
"It’s a beautiful home, Kenya," I said sincerely. She seemed surprised by the compliment. She offered me a drink, and I settled for a glass of water.
She moved gracefully across the room, though I noticed her slight discomfort with her attire. She quickly grabbed a blanket from the sofa to wrap around herself. There was a palpable tension in the air—not just of my presence, but a strange, magnetic pull between us.
When she handed me the water, her hands were trembling slightly. "How did you find me, Sir?" she asked.
"I asked at the theater," I confessed. "I wanted to see you again."
I stood up, closing the distance between us. Kenya looked up at me, her gaze locked on mine. "Your eyes..." she whispered, seemingly mesmerized by the deep green.
I leaned in slightly, captivated by her beauty and the intelligence I saw in her hazel eyes. She seemed to waver for a moment, caught in the same haze of attraction I felt. But then, she caught herself and stepped back, creating a safe distance.
"Why are you here, Mr. Ruthford?" she asked, her voice regaining its strength. "You have a campaign to run. This... this isn't where you should be."
"I needed a distraction from the politics," I admitted, watching her closely. "And I couldn't stop thinking about you."
###Chapter 6: A Web Of Lies...

***Levi***.

I watched her coolly, before I replied, "Since a day after that night I spoke to you." Kenya stared at me,stunned.

"You had my address since then and you never pressed after I refused dinner?"

"I even had your phone number. Both your cell and home number." I nodded.She seemed to wonder at my words, from her expression.

"Why hadn't you...?" She paused. I studied her. My gaze lazy.

"Pursued you further?" I finished for her, my brow raised in amusement.Kenya nodded.

"Honestly, I don't know..." I trailed off, shaking my head. Lost in my thoughts.

A comfortable sílence, ensued between us, as our gazes remained on each other. I found this weird- the stream of unidentifiable feelings flowing through me. I couldn't help it.
Taking a cue from her, I cleared my throat to speak. "I should let you finish your dinner." I flicked a gaze to her unfinished dinner.
Shifting, I made way to the door, when Kenya's voice stalled me.

"I am sorry that I refused that dinner in May."

I turned slowly to face her, in that instant, as she continued. Closing the distance between us. "I was healing from a horrible breakup with my ex-
boyfriend at the time."

"Was that the reason you had tears in your eyes when you opened the door, earlier?" I asked, bluntly. A frown climbing my face.

We were a step away from each other. Kenya held her breath, perhaps surprised I guessed her situation and had been silent.

"You can trust me, Kenya. Is he troubling you?" I asked, suddenly growing concerned.

"I hope I was much of a distraction to you, Mr Ruthford, especially considering how tumultuous things currently are with your electoral campaign." She diverted the conversation.

I smiled at her subject change and decided she wasn't ready to talk yet.I would know eventually.

"You have been a great distraction, Miss Anderson." I smiled. "Considering all that has happened."
"You are a true politician, Mr Ruthford." She smiled wryly, shaking her head.

"How so?" I asked, puzzled, a smile tugging mylips.

"First you said I was beautiful, the other night. Now you claim I have been a great distraction. No wonder the entire City...the women. Everyone is abuzz with news of you. You wield your words perfectly, like a knife.Spinning a web of lies around your prey." She smiled genuinely.I was astonished at her words and broke into a chuckle.

Finally catching my breath, I responded, "I wish that were the case,Kenya.But sadly, it isn't. If it were to bo th
raised those concerns about me tonight, during the exclusive." A chuckle escaped me. One which tethered more on amusement than bitterness at my situation.

A few hours ago, when I had heard the statement on the Television,I had been furious. Wondering when the criteria for being a senator had includedhaving 'a functioning family,' as the women's representatives had declared during the exclusive. But now, discussing with this woman,I didn't feel as embittered as I had before. My heart felt, relieved.

"You do not need to fill the people's heads with a web of lies, Mr Ruthford.All they need from you is your truth. Just be you with them," she said,quietly, her eyes watching me, intensely. I stared at her keenly. "Let them know the real Levi Ruthford and not the one that is presented on the media." She added.

"Transparency," I echoed.

"Yes. Transparency." She nodded her head. I smiled at her,thoughtfully.She wasn't just a beauty. She was intelligent. A strategist.She was right.I needed to be transparent with the people. I needed them to know the real Levi Ruthford.

Shaking myself, I nodded in acquiescence. "Alright. I'd consider your words."

Then regretfully, I added. "I'd take my leave now." I smiled and inclined my head as I turned to leave.

She edged towards the door, asI opened it. Didn't she want this moment to end, like I didn't want it to? Clutching tightly to the door,she watched me. I turned around to face her again.
"You alluded to me spinning a web of lies around my prey. Pray tell,Kenya,have you become a prey that has fallen into my web?" I asked,curious. Drawing closer to her, so close that I could feel her heart. So much so that her breath fanned me. She was inches shorter than I was.Petit and delectable.

Kenya gazed up at me and I saw something inside her eyes, which both frightened and intrigued me, all at once.

"Good night, Miss Anderson." I managed to whisper. Then in a flash,I was out of her sight,walking down the corridor of her apartment building.

Not wantingto look back, because I was afraid of the raw need I felt,being in her presence. I hadn't felt like this in a long time. I don't think I had ever felt this way. Even with Belle. This was raw. Primal. A need that bordered within deep walls. And I was terrified of exploring it.

***

***A Week Later.***

I gazed at the stack of different designs of campaign posters on my office desk,awaiting my approval. I felt completely overwhelmed. This entire campaign was eating into me and my business. And I never toyed with my business.

For almost three years, since I showed interest in running for New York Senatorial elections, my life had become less private. The outfits I put on.foods I ate and the places I ate them. God forbid even the way I wiped my arse. My life had become so invaded that sometimes I wished to drop the whole thing. Let Harley Crompton take it. But I was never one to back down from a competition. The reason for my success after dad wrecked us,years ago.
That memory brought an acrid taste to my mouth. Anger flaring.
###Chapter 7: From Hell's Kitchen...

***Levi***

I recalled the time at Ruthford Mansion. How my parents'so-called socialite friends bluntly shoved the door in our faces as my mother and I groveled for food. Turning their backs to us in our time of need.


A 15-year-old boy then, who had seen his mother crying and begging men and women, who she had been better than, once upon a time. But the carelessness of my father, Richard Ruthford, had brought us to the brink of the abyss. To a point where I couldn't bear to watch my beautiful mother,Christina, beg my late father's friends, who had only watched her with dirtiness in their eyes. Oh I had shown them, each of those men. And I hadn't spared those eyes of theirs. It was the eyes of those men on my virtuous mother that had pushed me to the jaws of death and back.

The sound of my mobile phone ringing on my office desk, jolted me from memory lane.


“Hello,Benjamin.”


"Hello, Levi." Benjamin Moore greeted from the other end. He was my late wife's twin, who lived in England. Nice guy.

I breathed deeply, a sense of unease and guilt, filling my lungs as I heard his voice. He was the last memory of Belle I had. The last memory to the Moore Jine. His uncanny resemblance to Belle, unnerving. I rose from my seat and walked to the window of the *Tribeca STA Constructions building*,gazing at the city view. The renowned Woolworth Building, staring back at me,from across the street.

As I absently stared at the Neo gothical building. I could just as well see
Benjamin's pair of turquoise blue eyes from the window, smiling at me.Eyes that always reminded me of his late sister, Belle. Eyes that always haunted me. That was the reason I had cut away from him, after Belle's death. I refused to even do business with him, directly.


“How are you, Levi?” Benjamin's voice broke into my hazy thoughts.


“I am fine, Ben. Just a bit burned out, that's all." I told him. A brief pause filled the air, before Benjamin inhaled a deep breath.


“Levi, You've got to take care of yourself. You know you are the the last thing I have to Belle, apart from our uncle, Howie." Benjamin chided coolly. His words reminded me of what Belle would have said to me,if she was still alive.


I bit back the thought by cracking a bitter chuackle before I replied.

"I take care of myself, Ben. I just need more distraction, that's all."I mused. My thoughts briefly went to Kenya, at the idea of me indulging in a little distraction.


Since that night I unexpectedly dropped by her house, I hadn't called her or seen her. And that was already a week. I had deliberately fought myself from seeing her since then, because I was scared of my actions if I saw her again.


“I saw the news on the internet and on television. What are we going to do about the women complaining on you? Would you like me to talk to them or something?" Benjamin suggested,shifting my thoughts from Kenya.I paused thoughtfully for a moment before I replied.

"No, Benny." I said, quietly. I didn't need him to involve himself with my mess.
Breathing steadily, I continued. “Don't worry. We are going to win,Benjamin.”


“Win, Levi?” Benjamin asked, skeptically. I knew our relationship was strained, since Belle's death. He held certain misgivings against me,since then. Especially after the media had speculated bullshit about my involvement in her death.


“Yes.Win.”

"How? They need you to have a wife? And the last I checked that would be insulting my sister, my family," Benjamin said, impatiently. That was another contention we had.


Since Belle's death, Benjamin considered my staying unmarried, respectable.Though masked, but it was there. When ever anyone suggested I remarried, he got irked over it. Tension crackling. As for the elections,I was sure we would win. Even though Harley Crompton currently had more stands than I did. Being a man from a long line of notable male republicans, Crompton was a better choice. While I was a democrat from a long line of Hispanics, French and Polish immigrants that dated years back.Way before I was born.

“Rest easy, Benjamin. We will win.” I assured him. "How is England,by the way? And your uncle Howie? And Angela? You both still dating?”I asked,shifting the conversation.

“You do know I and Angie broke up months back. And Howie is great."Benjamin replied, chuckling. I had heard of his break up with Angela.I had thought they had gotten back together. Laughing to ease the moment.I replied.


"I know, man. Your laughter just sounded like Belle..." I trailed off. I had
just unconsciously broached a forbidden topic. Since Belle's death, neither of us had spoken so intimately of her...well really spoken of her. We had avoided speaking about such intimate topics of her that could evoke horrid memories.

"I have got to go, Levi..." Benjamin said, tightly. His voice was detached.He was doing it again; trying to escape the grief. It had been years now.Yet, the pain divided us.

“It's fine, Ben.”

“Oh... just as an addition. I would be dropping by next month for some business." Benjamin added, his tone flat.

Helplessly, I replied. “Alright, Benjamin. I'd be expecting you.”

Benjamin gave a grunt and the phone went dead.

Sadness washed over me. The day Belle got buried, right before I and Benjamin's eyes, that same day I lost my sense of feeling. But somehow,the presence of Kenya was cracking open that void.

A short knock on the door and I turned my attention to it.

"Mr Ruthford, the exclusive interview with Shirley O'Brian is in the next two hours. Where are we to begin?" My secretary, Renee said. I gazed at my watch.10am.

“*From Hell's kitchen,"*
###Chapter 8: Hello Kenya...

***Kenya***.

I danced to the high tempo of the music playing in the practice arena. I was sweating and my breath came out rapidly. Yet, I wasn't ready to stop my tired body


During the course of my dancing, a bit of my hair had come off my bun.plastered against my forehead. I needed to perfect my timing to the dance,so that I could get selected for the part.

For the first time since I started dancing with my company, I was being given a chance to audition for an important role. The part of the black swan. I was currently alone in the J'aime dance school. Everyone else had gone for the day, hours ago, leaving only me. It was Friday night, already 7pm. and I knew that most people, like myself, needed the weekend to relax.

Stopping for a moment to take a breath, I allowed my tired legs to lead me to the vending machine in the refreshment area, where I grabbed a bottle of water. As I finished taking a swig, my eyes fell upon the news item on the television and my heart instantly skipped a beat. There was news about Levi Ruthford concerning the tour he had given the entire nation about the real Levi Ruthford.

A jolt of elation traveled across my body at the awareness that Levi had truly taken my advice. *Transparency*. Yes, he had been truly transparent with America this time. He had poured his entire self out for the whole of America to see. Pleasure trailed through my body as I watched his face pop up on the screen.

All day, since this afternoon, the entire news channels had been abuzz about the tour Shirley O'Brian of NYN had with Levi Ruthford. He had
taken her down memory lane. A past which I was certain must have been too hard forhim to visit. I was surprised to learn that at some point in life,Levi and his late mother had moved into Hell's Kitchen, because his then late father had squandered all their money on women and gambling. Their house, the Ruthford mansion, lost and all their assets. They had moved there, where his mother had worked as a waitress in a pizza parlor.

Throughout the entire tour, Levi had shown great composure and had been expressionless. He had answered every question that Shirley had thrown at him. And had even defended himself well, when Shirley had raised questions about his arrest in connection with the murder of five of New York's top business men, as an adolescent. Even about speculations of him murdering his wife. His only response had been to remind Shirley that he had been substantially cleared, of those suspicions, years ago.

I had found it hard to believe that this upright man had ever been linked to suspicions of murder. A man who promised to make an amendment to the abortion bill in New York, in favor of life for unborn children.Thankfully,with this new insight on Levi, the polls had shifted in his favor and people were screaming his support. Even the women who had previously shown displeasure at his lack of a functional family, seemed to have been appeased by his sudden confession of getting married in a few days.


I didn't know if that declaration from him of getting married in a few days sat well with me. When I had first heard that declaration from his lips earlier in the segment, a tight knot had formed in my throat.

Now bathing in one of the dance school's showers. I felt hurt that he had known he was getting married and had played with my feelings as such.

*What if I had fallen for him and had given my all to him? He had made
me feel so... so... desirable.*

Despite the fact that he had known I had a limp. It hadn't mattered to him. But he had only done that to tease me, I realized now. And now I wondered how I was to have thought him upright, if he could have thought to have a dalliance with a vulnerable me. Knowing he was engaged. Allowing the cold water trail down my body,I let my tears wash away.


After I came out of the shower, I wrapped a bathrobe around my body and strode to one of the cubicles to pick out my clothes. Then I heard a high whistle. Turning abruptly to the sound, I came face to face with Hank,watching me from beneath a dark gaze. My eyes widened at the sight of him before me, dressed in an all-black hoodie and chinos. He looked foreboding as he stood against one of the shelves, his hands folded across his chest.


“Hello, Kenya.” Hank drawled, as he let a dirty gaze travel across my undressed form. I clutched tight to the robe wrapped round me and watched him warily.


"W...what are you doing here, Hank? And how did you get in here?”I asked,alarmed.


Hank chuckled bitterly as he came off the shelf and closed the distance between us.


"Wrong questions baby." He lifted a hand and trailed a lazy index finger along my left cheek. I flinched in disgust at the touch and turned my face away from him. He dragged my face roughly to his and smiled, darkly.His handsome face, marred by a sneer.

“You know, if you had only let me, Kenya... Pleasure you the way I
wanted, I mean, we wouldn't be in this. You force my hand.baby..."

He pulled my lips and forcefully kissed me. I was trembling. The next instant, he yelled in agony, as I bit his lower lip. The action forced him to let me go. I didn't even wait a second longer. I simply ran out of the room.away from Hank's madness.


I heard a furious roar from him, as I ran. He shouted my name, but I didn't stop.
###Chapter 9: I Would Never Let You Fall...

***Kenya.***

I was frightened as I ran.

I had only just reached the hallway, where there was a phone, when strong hands grabbed me and threw me against a strong surface. I looked up to find myself in the arms of a very tall, heavily built man, equally wearing a hoodie. The man winked at me, a snarl tugging his lips. I looked ahead and noticed that another man had been responsible for throwing me at this brute. I struggled to break free of his hold, but the man held me tight. He struggled to drag me along with him, but I resisted,kicking him in the shin in the process. But my kicks only got the man angrier. The other man tried to equally get me to shut up, but I kept on struggling and screaming, hoping that someone would hear and come to my rescue.

Impulsively, I bit the brute's fingers who had my wrist clutched in fingers.The man yelped in pain, releasing my restrained hand. I dashed out of his reach and was about to reach the alarm button on the wal, when I felt a hard, heavy object hit the back of my head. I screamed in agony and staggered forward. The sudden pain in my head shot up, causing ringing sounds all around me. I lost my balance.

Too dazed to even continue screaming. A headache shooting through me,I let the creeping darkness sweep over me as i slumped to the cold,waxed floor. I heard pealing sounds of laughter. My only worry before I finally blacked out was that Hank was going to have his way, but this time he wasn't alone.

Guns, Sounds of Gun shots. My head hurt. I couldn't open my eyes*.
*Oh God! am I blind...? I can't see. I must force myself awake. Are those yells and growls of pain? Wait...why am I feeling like am being suspended in the air? Like am being air lifted. Oh no, no, no. Am going to fall...Am going to...*

*"Shh... No baby, just hang on tight. I would never let you fall. Hold on Kenya...Just hold on...Am going to get you to the hospital..."*

*Levi...?*


***

***Two Nights Later.***

***Levi.***

"Sir, the President wants to speak with you." I heard Blake say, quietly,from behind me.


I didn't say a word but only stared at the lifeless form that lay on the bed in front of me. Gadgets beeping as they were attached to her. So vulnerable.So young.My lungs constricted in my chest as I stared at her and recalled the state she had been in two nights ago. I managed to turn my attention to Blake just then, so that I could chase those horrid thoughts away. She was fine now and that was what mattered.


As my eyes came face to face with Blake, the words Blake had said finally registered in my mind. William Walerus, the president, wasn't a very patient man. I never liked to keep the man waiting. And that was one of the things that made us inseparable. Even though we favored different parties,


"Hello, William." I greeted as I collected the phone and walked to the window,gazing out at nothing in particular.
“Levi, you sly dog!" President William called out excitedly. I managed a small smile, as I sensed the president's excitement. “You beat Crompton hands down. The stakes are down forthe man,you know."


"I didn't notice," I said, dryly, trying to get into the moment. But I couldn't. I found myself unable to share this victory, because the one person who had advised me to spill my guts out, was lying limp on the bed. Machines and tubes attached to her.


"What's the matter man? You upset about Crompton's retort?” The president said. I frowned slightly, struggling to recall what Crompton had said. Oh yeah...The man had tried to down play me on the media, the Saturday after my exclusive. I had watched Crompton spill nonsense about me; about my being a murderer and a criminal. About having dirt on me.But I had been too focused on watching Kenya that I had barely registered Crompton's words.


"Harley's words are as tiny as his prick." I scoffed as I sighed heavily. I heard President William chuckle to my words and I was happy that I had been able to distract the man from worrying over mne. We talked about other affairs and soon ended the conversation on a comfortable note.


The doctor came into the room in that moment and had a look at Kenya.

"Why hasn't she woken up yet, Doctor?"I asked, my voice laced with concern.


The doctor turned a sympathetic look at me and replied. "You know, with the inflammation that had developed in her brain from the blow to her head,we had to put her on sedation to allow the swelling to come down."

I turned a soft gaze at her, remembering the state she had been in when we had brought her into the theater a couple of nights back.I was grateful
that she was breathing at all. I shut my eyes tight,to flee the memory.

"Would she be alright?" I asked, drawing closer to her and trailing a lazy index finger down her cheek. She didn't even flinch. Except for the deep gash that had seeped blood on that night of the incident and the scratches on her arms, there were no other serious wounds on her body. At my behest, the doctors had run all the tests needed to ensure that she was fine,before they had proceeded with the surgery to close up the gash on her head. I had watched the entire surgery from the observation room and had growled within me at the depth of the wound. It was a miracle that she hadn't died.


After the doctor left, I went into the shower to clean myself up and change into fresh clothes.
###Chapter 10: Burglars?

***Levi.***

I had asked my clothes be brought in for me.

I hadn't returned to my place since that night, ensuring that I had my eyes on her. I had only asked for change of clothing and my correspondence be handled for me, until I came back. As for more important matters, I only hoped they could wait. My food was brought in for me by Blake, when I needed it. And I caught little sleep on the only available sofa in the room.


When I returned from the shower, I allowed myself to sit down on the sofa and in no time, exhaustion overtook me. And I let the sleep ease my worry over Kenya, knowing that I had been unable to catch peaceful sleep in two nights. Because I had been plagued by nightmares of how I had found her that night.

A loud opera music sounded in the distance and I wondered when I had entered the opera. As the sound became more insistent, I shook myself and found out that it was Kenya's phone that was ringing in her bag. I had asked my men to retrieve her belongings from the dance school,before they had cleaned up the entire place. Her phone had died out before I had plugged it in last night.

Growling from the interruption of my sleep, I reached for the phone and found that the caller ID read,'**Mum**.'

*Fuck. What was I to tell the girl's mother*? I panicked. I wasn't sure any woman wanted to hear such an ordeal about her daughter. Deciding to save the woman the trouble, I answered the call on the third ring.
“Hello, baby. Where have you been? I have been calling you."I heard the woman's voice over the phone.

Clearing my throat, I replied. “Hello Mrs Anderson." There was a hitch of breath from the other end, before the woman cautiously answered.


“Hello,where is my daughter and what are you doing with her phone?”I heard her say. I sensed the worry in her voice.


“It's alright ma'am. Your daughter left her phone at my place, before she left for work. We... We are dating, you see." I hastily added. I needed to calm her down, I assured himself.

“Oh...Are you Hank? I thought you had both broken up, months ago?” I heard Kenya's mother say. Bile rose to the back of my throat at the mention of that man's name.


"No,Ma'am.I am Levi Ruthford," I said, coolly. There was a brief pause,before she spoke again.


“The Levi Ruthford?” She asked. I could sense that her caution had shifted to curiousity. So to save the moment some more, I decided to continue.


"Yes." I agreed. There was a small screech on the otherside of the phone.before she spoke again.

"Oh my...wait till her elder sister hears this." She chuckled. I smiled amusedly, as I wondered if Kenya chuckled like her mum,when she was happy.I had never seen that side of her and discovered that I would want to know. Also, I had no idea that she had a sister. I hadn't seen any photos of her family that night at her house. Even her phone screen had nothing but the photo of a ballerina taking a leap. Perhaps she was a very
private person, I concluded.

"Please, Mr Ruthford, tell her to call me as soon as she can. I need to hear the entire details.Oh my...my baby dating a senatorial candidate. Oh and so you know, I am voting for you." She confessed. I chuckled and expressed my gratitude to her. Then we spoke some more about politics,with me realizing that I really wished to meet this woman, before we finally hung up. I smiled as I put the locked phone away in Kenya's bag.I felt hungry, perhaps the distraction from Kenya's cheerful mother had helped me and I decided to go grab some coffee from the hospital's café,downstairs.




***


***Kenya***.

My senses woke up to the sound of muffled voices in the room. I tried to pry my eyes open, but I was afraid of something, I just couldn't tell what.

I struggled to do so again and this time I succeeded. The light in the room stung my eyes and I found myself fluttering them to regain my vision. My throat felt parched and I had no idea why. I tried to turn my head to the direction of the voices and found that I couldn't. ***Pain***. I criedout.Thudding feet rushed to my side and I stilled at the sight of Levi Ruthford standing beside a doctor. I locked gazes wvith Levi, while the doctor checked me,hastily.


"Where does it hurt?" The doctor asked, after he had checked my eyes,vitals and asked all the other questions.

"My head," I whispered, my eyes finally shifting from Levi to watch the doctor.
"That's expected with a concussion. Do you remember what happened to you,Kenya?"The doctor asked.

“I...I...I don't remember." I struggled to say. My mind blank.

"Is it normal, Doctor?" Levi asked. His eyes on me, soft with every emotion I couldn't understand.


“It is. It was a great injury, Mr Ruthford. Perhaps she had fallen and hit her head, during the attack from the burglars, who knows." The doctor speculated.“The important thing is that she is well." The doctor added. I looked from one man to the other, confused. It seemed Levi saw my expression.

“Burglars?” I asked, my voice hoarse.

"Yes, Miss Anderson. You were brought in here,because of the wound you had sustained when burglars attacked your place of work." The doctor explained. I looked to Levi, my brows creased in confusion.

“I don't understand...” I whispered.

“Doctor, would you please leave us.” Levi requested. The doctor nodded his head and assured to send in some painkillers, for my head, before he walked out of the room, quietly.
###Chapter 11: I think we are dating...

***Kenya.***

"Hi." Levi greeted as he walked to my side.

“Hi,” I replied, looking at him. I found my initial confusion dissipate as we locked gazes. Levi wore a smile and held my hand.

"You don't need to worry about anything just yet. Before we get you outta here,we will have you good and running again." Levi assured me.

I stared at him,smiling.

I wasn't sure, but those words from him sounded comforting. My phone rang nearby, jolting me. Levi stroked my hands to soothe me before he went over to grab my phone. It was Mum. I saw a soft smile play on his lips after he handed me the phone. I wondered about it.

"Would you be alright, while I go make some arrangements for my dinner and maybe ask the doctor if it's alright for you to have solid food?" Levi asked, as he began strolling towards the door.

I nodded my head. The sound of dinner made my mouth water.I wondered what they served in the canteen.

Then,just before he opened thedoor, Levi turned back to me and spoke.

"That reminds me. When your mum called, I didn't want her to be worried about you. I told her that you were at work."

I gazed at him, amazed at his thoughtfulness. "Thank you," I confessed.My voice was still dry from days of without use.
“Oh, don't thank me just yet. I seem to have told her that you forgot your phone at my place." He added. My eyes widened in shock,embarrassment and confusion. A mischievous smile tugged his lips as he watched me.


Flashing a glance at my beeping phone, which had begun ringing again, I shifted a look of alarm to him.


"Why would you tell her that?"


Levi chuckled and proceeded to walk out of the open door. I swallowed as my mum's call came in again.


“Oh and just to add to all I told her." Levi's head popped back in through the door, startling me. “I think we are dating." Then he was out the corridor,before I could recover from my shock.


"Hi mum." My voice came.

"Baby. Thank God you finally picked. I haven't heard from you in days and now I hear you are with that handsome man, Mr Ruthford." My mum s excitement was palpable, even through the phone. I suddenly worried how I could tell her otherwise.


"Mum." I attempted. "Mr Ruthford is just a friend."

"Oh honey. That isn't what he told me. He said you two are more than friends. And I believe him." My mum concluded. I had a headache, and I could feel a searing ache in the back of my head. Perhaps the spot the doctor insinuated I had hit when I had fallen? I needed answers. Holding my head, I felt a bandage wrap. *God! How bad did I look*? My mum's voice still rattled in the background, her insistence that I was in a relationship with Levi unrelenting. I wasn't ready to argue with her.

A knock came on the door and a nurse entered. Seeing that I didn't want
my mum to know about me in hospial, I gave her a flimsy excuse that I had some work. She bought it and I promised to call her later.

"Mothers right?" The nurse teased, her smile warm.

"Yeah. Tell me about it." I smiled.

"These you are to take now for the ache in your head." She handed me a couple of pills and a glass of water. "And I will come to give you some more later." She smiled, as I took the pills. After she finished attending to me, she left the room.


I sat there in the silence, suddenly trying to figure out how burglars had invaded the school, without setting off any alarm. Plus, why did it seem I was struggling to recall the entire event? The medication began to ease into me, and I found myself yielding to its pull. Sleep taking over.



It was already six weeks since that awful day I woke up in the hospital.The doctors said I had to go easy with everything.

I stared in disbelief at my boss, the director and owner of the dance company I worked, Mr Byron. I couldn't help but wonder if he had also suffered a head wound like I had weeks ago.

“Mr Byron...”

“Please, Kenya, call me, Dave.” Dave Byron cut in, amicably. I wondered again, nodding my head. It's not like I wasn't familiar with the man.He had come up to wvatch the routines, usually while the director of the shows,Billy,invited him for last-minute adjustments. Short of that, he dealt with the likes of Odette Withers and Patrick Lloyd, the lead dancers in our crew.
“You do know I didn't audition for the show, I haven't practiced for weeks with the others and Odette was already chosen and I...I have a limp...” I argued, helplessly. My voice squeaky.

"You have done this many times and I hear you were very good at teaching those kids at that school that had a fire accident weeks back.”Dave Byron cut in. I looked at him, astonished.


“But Sir...”

“Dave...”


“Dave...the show is this Saturday. That is, I barely have enough time to catch up with anything and Odette has already been selected..." I protested.


"It's my dance company. I have a right to select whoever I want, even though it's an hour before the show." Dave Byron remarked, haughtily.I looked at the man, who was as fit as ever, he looked like an athlete.Always in top form.


Word was on the street that his great-grandmother had been a star Ballerina in her days.


“As for the timing...I suggest you begin all the necessary preparations before Saturday." Dave Byron said, quietly, his voice raising my alarmed gaze to his.

"But what if I fail?" I muttered, my eyes widening.

"You wouldn't."
###Chapter 12: Sheltered In Kenya...

***Kenya.***

I stepped out of Dave's office, shocked, frightened. A good feeling nudged me. I was excited. Unable to ignore the incredulity I felt at hearing the announcement from Dave. I had never been given such a chance to come out into the spotlight. And this was a lot weird for me. All my life, I had lived it from within a box. My box, created by mny own disability. I didn't see myself as a woman with an inadequacy, but it existed, nonetheless.The pity gazes I saw in others, the looks of disdain. Sometimes it was crushing and to avoid it, I just stayed within my limits. Watching from within my box.


Walking to the café nearby, where Andrea, Mike and Rory waitedfor me,I wore a cheerful look. It was lunchtime, and we usually spent it here at Bloom Café. A popular cafe on this side of town, where most people attended. It was a brick and glass cafe on the outside. Surrounded by tall business buildings that towered above it.

I walked inside and spotted them, their faces cheerful as they chatted. My gait suddenly faltered, seeing a few eyes on me. But I managed to steady my steps, reminding my inner self that they weren't gawking at me.

The inside of the café smelled of pine wood and strong coffee. The entire decorations evoking an eco-friendly atmosphere. Hanging gardens stood above the metal beams, which served as ceilings. Even an entire wall was dedicated to beautiful flower vines. The air always smelled earthy. Not to talk of the fresh pastries that stirred strong in the air. Filling the nostrils with savory scents.

"Hey, have any of you visited the club that just opened on 57th?"I heard
Rory announce, as I sat beside Andrea.

"Yeah girls, you need to see it. Rory and I hit it and it was lit." Mike beamed, kissing Andeea. She pouted, playfully.


"I can't believe you went without me, Mike." Andrea gave him a mock scowl.


"Aww baby...I and the guys wanted to see it first. Like scout the area,before we take you girls out." Mike added another kiss. I blushed,watching the two love birds. Their relationship was intense."Right Ken?"Mike turned to me.


"Sure Mike. What ever you say." I chuckled. A waiter came by and I ordered a cup of coffee.


"Come on Ken1. I thought you would be on my side. Remember when I took you both to a restaurant, two years ago and it turned out crap. Yeah I don't want that again. Remember I didn't have any peace because of that error?" Mike chimed, his words resonating nothing in my mind.

I stared blankly at him.I couldn't remember any such episode. When I said nothing, the others turned worried gazes to me. Yeah, after waking up in the hospital, it turned out I now suffered some memory lapses. It was disheartening. Sometimes embarrassing, butit was a consequence of the trauma I suffered due to my fall. The doctors reassured me, when Levi and I visited the hospital for checkups that I would be fine again. But seeing the pity looks on the eyes of my friends, I felt sad.

"Oh honey," Andrea held me, her embrace, warm. Her sympathy was soothing. "Sorry we brought up a memory. We know the doctor suggested with time you would get better. We should be more thoughtful."
I caught her giving a scowl to Mike. They all knew what the doctors said,from when they visited me at the hospital and at home, during those days I was recuperating. I appreciated their concern, but it was exhausting.Struggling with this dissociative amnesia thing, where I lost some personal,fun memories. Not to talk of the sympathetic looks they gave. Like I was a fragile doll. Only Levi didn't give me that look. Rather, he saw me as a strong woman.

A smile tugged my lips as I recalled his kindness to, these six weeks.Taking me to doctor's appointments. Visiting me and spending time with me, while I recuperated. Whenever he came to visit, we talked. His laugh was intoxicating, like warm butter on hot bread. I loved the way his eyes crinkled whenever I said something funny. And he was actually a good listener. I didn't even have to say much about his care skills. I mean the man was a pro with fixing a bandage. Even the nurse he hired for me had been impressed by his effective care skills. He didn't judge me or anything.Rather, he was actually relaxing to be with.

"Your coffee, Ma'am." We heard the waiter announce. I thanked the man and decided to bury myself in my cup, rather than the awkward silence that fell across the table.

Rory,broke the silence first. "Hey Ken. What did Dave call you in for?You were gone for sometime."


I dropped my cup and smiled. My eyes swept around the three of them,wondering how they will take the news. "He said I am to be the lead dancer," I held my breath, watching their expressions. There was a pin-drop silence, their eyes wide. Then their faces morphed into elation, their cheers drowning my hushes.

"Oh my God! This is so cool. Congratulations darling! You deserve it!"
Andrea gave me another hug. I reciprocated, smiling. It was exciting actually, now that I had let it out. I believe it myself.

"Now we need to go to that club on 57th. This calls for a celebration!"Rory suggested.


"I agree man. What say you, Ken? We go tonight?" Mike eagerly said,his gaze anticipating.


"No...no guys. You know how I am about these sorts of places. Clubs...parties." I argued.

"Oh Ken. Enough of this." Andrea cut in, irritated. "You can't live your life being sheltered in Kenya. It's time for you to live a little. Explore the world."


I understood her words. But I wasn't brave enough.
###Chapter 13:Hank Dead?


Levi.
I sat in the boardroom, the air thick with the scent of expensive espresso and the low hum of high-stakes negotiations. My business partners from STA Constructions were spread across the table, presenting materials for our latest flagship projects in Michigan. We were looking at a series of luxury high-rises and critical infrastructure—the kind of work that defined a city’s skyline.
My clients were among the global elite; they didn't just expect excellence, they demanded perfection. As my phone buzzed on the mahogany surface, I ignored it, keeping my eyes fixed on the financial projections before me. The figures were staggering, yet necessary.
Quality was non-negotiable. I listened silently as the partners debated material costs, cutting through any suggestion that seemed suboptimal.
"Mr. Montoya," I said, my voice steady and commanding. "Your track record with STA is impeccable. My concern isn't your efficiency; it’s the timeline. I need a guarantee that these new, improved materials will be on-site as promised. My clients don't accept delays."
Montoya leaned forward, a bead of sweat visible on his brow despite his confident smile. "Mr. Ruthford, you have my word. This new variety is superior in durability—perfect for the caliber of projects you manage."
I studied him for a moment, weighing his certainty against my own instincts. I despise last-minute adjustments, I thought, but the window for the foundation pour was closing.
"Fine. Send the full technical specs to my office. I need to brief the clients by tonight," I stated stoically.
The meeting adjourned minutes later. As the room emptied, I finally reached for my phone. There were several missed calls—campaign updates, business inquiries—but two were from Kenya. My pulse quickened instantly. It was a reaction I couldn't suppress; just the thought of her made the world feel sharper, more intense. I took a steadying breath and dialed her back, a rare smile tugging at my lips as I waited for her to answer.
Kenya.
The studio floor was cool beneath my feet as I finished the final routine with my colleagues. I walked over to the bench to check my phone, hoping for a return call from Levi. We had spent the afternoon lost in choreography, but my mind was elsewhere.
"Are you alright?" Andrea asked, her voice soft as she approached. I looked up and managed a small smile.
"Yes, Andy. Just checking the time."
Andrea gave me a quick, supportive hug. "I’m just so relieved those robbers didn't hurt you during the fire. It’s devastating about the school, but Claudine being safe is what matters."
I looked away, a familiar knot of doubt tightening in my stomach. The official story—that a gang of robbers had burned the studio to the ground—felt like a puzzle with missing pieces. My memory of that night was a blur of smoke and shadows, yet something felt off.
When I had woken up in the hospital, Claudine had been there, tears in her eyes but full of hope. She told me our jobs were safe because Levi’s company had stepped in to rebuild the school, free of charge. I had been stunned. I still hadn't fully processed why a man of his stature was doing so much for a local dance teacher and her staff.
My throat felt tight. I reminded myself that Levi belonged to a different world—a world where he likely had a fiancé and a life that didn't include a girl from a dance studio. I had begged my mother not to refer to him as my boyfriend, but she was convinced he was 'the one,' and my sister Amanda just teased me for 'making up fairytales.'
Yet, he hadn't left. He stayed by my side in the hospital, and he ensured every member of the staff continued to receive their wages through an insurance arrangement he had personally facilitated. He was taking care of my entire world, even though I knew he wasn't mine to keep.
"Have you heard the news?" Rory’s voice broke through the room, his face pale as he looked at his phone.
“What news?” Andrea asked.
"The police just released a report. There was a massive shootout at an abandoned warehouse last night—rival gangs. They found Hank and his crew... Marlon and Chase. None of them made it out."
A collective gasp echoed through the studio. Disbelief washed over me like a cold wave. Rory began describing the gruesome details from the morning broadcast, and I felt the room start to tilt. I sank into a nearby chair, my head spinning. A hazy, fleeting image of a dark figure in a hoodie flashed behind my eyes—a memory trying to surface through the fog.
"Ken? You're white as a sheet," Rory said, rushing to my side. Andrea followed with a cup of water.
“I’m fine," I whispered, though my hands were shaking. "I think the news just caught me off guard."
Hank? Dead? It felt like a dark shadow was being lifted from my life, but the weight that replaced it felt even heavier.
###Chapter 14: Dead Twice over...

***Levi.***

I dialed Kenya's number. My heart rate picking up, as she answered.Excitement.


I was no school boy, but she made me feel like it.


“How are you, Kenya? Sorry I was in a meeting when you called. After I saw your missed calls, I called. But you weren't answering." My voice,hoarse and nervous. *Good nervous.*

"I am fine." I heard her. The sound of her voice, a pleasant caress to my face,like the wind. I heard her hesitate.

"Is something the matter?" I asked, mildly concerned.

“No, Mr Ruthford...”

I smiled inwardly, wondering what the sound of my name on her lips would be like, and not 'Mr Ruthford.


“It's just that I was informed about Hank." I heard her say, ceasing my pleasant thoughts. A deep scowl formed on my face. “I heard he died in a shootout with a rival gang."

A long silence followed, where I am certain she wondered if the line went dead.


"Hello?"

"An unfortunate situation. But many people aren't who we assume them to be," I replied.
"Hank was everything, but a gang member." She defended. I suspected she found this hard to believe.


Gauging her countenance, I continued. “Did you love him?” I revolted at the question. *God, I hope she didn't!*

"Love? No... Mr Ruthford. I didn't. I think am just shocked." She answered truthfully. I recalled what I had seen that night and concluded that she would have felt differently if she had seen her state that night.

"I called earlier in the day to give you the good news that I am to be the lead ballerina at the show this Saturday. I was practicing at the theater when you called earlier." Her voice banished those memories.

"Wow, congratulations." I greeted. Yet, sensing her aloofness, “Shouldn't you be happy about the news? You were sad about missing the auditions weeks ago." I reminded her. She sighed. Yes, while recuperating, she had cried, whenever I stopped by, about missing the auditions. *Now she had her wish, she was sad? I hope it wasn't because of that vermin,who should be dead twice over.*


“You should be happy, Kenya." My tone was stern. Furious even, at the danger the man had posed to her.

“Alright. Thank you, Mr Ruthford, for everything. Would...Would you be attending the show?" She asked, hesitantly.

I paused. Warmth sailing through me, like a tiny gust of wind. The thought of her, dancing for me, thrilled me. "Would you want me to?"

"YeS,11

That one word was my undoing. My chest grew tight, as a sweet sensation rippled through me, settling in my groin. I wondered how pliant her
words would be, when I did wicked things to her. 'Yes, Levi. Please don't stop, Levi.' Oh I had thought of that, every day in her presence. Her being alive,pure joy.

“Ask me this question over dinner tonight. My treat. I'll pick you up," I amusedly said.

"Alright. Just tell me the place, I will meet you there," she said. A chuckle escaped me.


“No. Kenya. I would pick you up from your place at 6:30 pm. Dinner is at seven.Wear something nice."

Later that night, I strolled into the luxurious set-up of Quincy Resaurant at a few minutes to seven, with Kenya.

A beautiful restaurant situated in Tribeca. The golden lit room, filled with diners, was beautiful. Even Kenya was amazed. The chinking of dinner wares,men and women sitting for their meals, all dressed up in elegance.Kenya and I weren't left out. Me in a navy blue three-piece suit. Kenya,wearing a white, long-sleeved, shin-length chiffon gown and a pair of matching sandals. Pride soared in me, having this gorgeous nymph in my hand, as we went into an elevator.

We emerged from the elevator and strolled into an enormous and ornately decorated room. The only difference was that this room was empty,except for waiters, who stood over a table with covered dishes. I felt Kenya tense beneath my fingers, as we moved in. Lowering my eyes to her, I noticed she gazed at the waiters, nervously. A sudden change in her gait, made me realize that she was suddenly conscious of her limp, making her clumsy.My heart went to her, seeing her struggle. Holding her hand,tenderly,I whispered in her ear.
"You don't need to feel tense. You are graceful, beautiful and so all eyes would definitely be on you. Be yourself." My voice was tender, reaching her.


Holding my gaze, I saw her wariness disappear,replaced by the boldness of a Queen, as we sat.

Over the past few weeks, I noticed that her gait usually became clumsy whenever she grew self-conscious. As cute as that was, I found it a bane to her comfort, making her lose confidence.

When I was certain of her ease, we ordered our menu, falling into small talk, as we awaited our meals. Music played softly, evoking a soft ambience.

Our meals came soon enough and we talked about everything.

I got to know that Kenya's mother was an orphan, who arrived the United States as a refugee, 23 years ago, while Kenya had been in the womb.She had escaped a dispute torn Freetown, in Sierra Leone at the time. A place where her late husband and father to her two daughters, Mr Willis Anderson, was killed. A worker in the diamond mines. He and the other workers got shot by the aggrieved community members, who grew frustrated, seeing juicy diamond rocks dug out from their ground, while they saw nothing. But the mine workers weren't the owners of the mines.They only earned their daily living. In the course of escaping, Kenya's mother had received a shot to her belly, almost losing her life.

In the end, she was brought into the States with her 3-year-old Amanda,as health priority refugees.

A gripping story that reminded me of those I intended to serve as a senator.
###Chapter 15: Say my name...

***Kenya.***

"That night you rescued me from the fire, what happened?"I asked,shakily. This restaurant was beautiful and intimate. I had never visited it before. Actually, I had a non-existent social life due to my disability. He seemed distracted as his eyes gazed at me. I repeated the words.

“I know I have asked you this many times in the last weeks. But I can't shake these images that keep flashing in my memory. Especially today when I heard of Hank," I explained. I reached for my glass of the expensive red wine, sipping generously. *God! He made me nervous,especially with the look of displeasure in his eyes.* Levi suddenly grew cold,detached.

"Leave us, please," Levi said to the waiters.

Filing out of the room, the waiters left us alone.

“Have I made you angry?" I asked, anxiously. He watched mne.

"No,you haven't," he confessed tenderly, sipping some wine.

“I am really sorry. It's just that I am shocked that Hank was caught dead in a gang war. I never knew he was in a gang... He wasn't that kind of person." I rattled, nervously. Levi smiled sweetly.

“Did you love him that much?” Again with this question.

"No..,I didn't, Mr Ruthford. Am just..." I trailed off. He frowned,watching me.

Reaching for my hand, he pulled me up, holding my gaze.
"Tonight is all about your successful call tobe the belle of the show," Levi said quietly. I shook as his fingers climbed my upper arms. His touch singed me through my sleeves. I grew weak.

Wounding his arms around the small of my back, a little pressure of his fingers, he swayed us into a dance. His nearness, mesmerizing, his earthy-bergamot cologne,intoxicating.

Slowly,he lowered his lips and pressed them to mine. Soft, tender,like water to a steaming skillet. I gasped at this most yearned contact. But soon,a deep need filled us, the kiss increasing. Bites. Nibbles. Hesitant kisses,trailed down the line of my jaw. A fire ignited in me, rippling through,until it pooled in my loins. My nipples, puckered. I moaned. I didn't recognize my own voice. Growing impatient, I touched him, clumsily. He gave a throaty groan. My head spinning. This was different for me. I liked it.


Our bodies pressed, so tightly, we barely breathed, as he deepened the kiss.Tongues, lips, entangled. His caresses, burned. He lifted me from the ground, my legs wrapped round his waist.


"What if someone comes in?” I gasped,pulling away from the heated kiss.

"No one wouId, because I asked for privacy. If we need them, there is a button under the table, I can press." Levi assured me, a dark smile and a kiss to my mouth, accompanying his heated gaze.

I frowned.

"What's wrong?" Levi asked,

"Do you come here often with...?" I flustered, unable to finish the words.I was jealous.Wow! Somehow, I didn't want to share him with any other


"I often eat in this room, when I want privacy..." He chuckled,amused at my expense. He kissed me m. "But, you are the first woman I have brought up here..." Another kiss. I looked into his eyes, searching for something I couldn't discern.


“Let me emphasize my point..." He lowered his lips to deeply kiss me,placing me on the table. We moaned, thrills surging through us. I parted my legs, and he pressed closer, intensifying the kiss.


Lowering the top of my dress, he feasted on my bare, twin mounds. His mouth, wet and warm, sucked my nipples. Each nipple,considerably attended to. He gently stroked my legs, his fingers inching upwards, until he reached my panties. Laying me flat on the table, Levi whispered.

“Forgive me...”

I stared, confused. "For what?" I managed.

"For this..." He bunched my dress around my waist, further parting me.Lowering himself to his knees, Levi leaned into the apex of my thighs. In one deft, unexpected move, he pulled me closer and kissed my already wet pussy, through my panties. I flushed in embarrassment and writhed in pleasure. My body arched into him, my moan deep. He pressed his lips closer, spreading my folds through my panties and latched his tongue to my clit. I grabbed his hair, my ache, palpable. My body was engorged in flames. I writhed and rocked my hips. And he wasn't even finished.

"Say my name../" I heard him say.

"What?" I croaked. And then it happened. A coolness spread through me.as Levi shifted my panties. Softly, he licked my already wet center,his
name a plea, escaping my lips.

"Levi..." I cried, my body inflamed. A sweet pain ignited in my center.He latched onto my clit, drinking me in. I felt all the colors of mortification.Yet, I relished it. My legs, wantonly spread, pliant as he licked me in strokes and circles. My hips buckled into him, he continued to deliver licks and strokes. Pinching one of my nipples, he continued to suck me.Pleasurable ache, swirling inside me. Tearing through me in exhilarating pain, from the point where his mouth clenched my clit. I couldn't bear it.Tortured, I writhed, scraping my fingers against his arms. I gasped and mewled, my racking body, causing him to smile beneath my hot, wet,pussy.


I felt him reach a finger into my already wet sheath and a searing pain,tore through me. My body, quivered in sheer agony. My insides,pained.Levi pulled his finger out of me immediately, standing somewhere in the periphery of my vision. I grew frightened, shaky, as I tried to pull myself together. It was normal, I had expected it.

Our eyes locked, shock visibly expressed on his face.

“Are you...Are you a v...a virgin?” His alarm, confusion, remorse and shock, explicit, as I stared into his handsome face. Those beautiful eyes.suddenly filled with sorrow or pity...something indiscernible.

Covering myself up, I sat upright.

"Yes,Levi.I am.”
###Chapter 16: The Belle of the Night...

Kenya.
Five days later...
I stood in my new dressing room, still struggling to process the rapid turn of events. The space was beautiful, adorned with elegant decorations—a gesture from Mr. Dave Byron that felt almost too good to be true.
Tonight, everything was different. I wasn't just another dancer in the back row; I was the lead, dancing opposite Lloyd. It was a remarkable feeling, a surge of adrenaline and nerves coursing through me. Lloyd, ever the professional, had come by earlier to congratulate me. He spoke of a natural chemistry between us, a shared rhythm he claimed had been missing in his performances with Odette. I was stunned; until Dave’s announcement, I felt as though I hadn't even existed to someone of Lloyd’s stature.
Sitting alone in the quiet room, fully costumed, I couldn't help but catch my reflection. My skin seemed to glow against the immaculate white of the ballerina’s ensemble. But it was the gifts from Levi, sent just moments ago, that truly completed the look. A diamond jewelry set lay in a velvet-lined box, accompanied by a small, elegant hair comb and a handwritten note.
To the Belle of the Night.
Break a leg, Kenya.
Levi Ruthford.
I held the note close to my heart, a soft thrill radiating through my chest. The memory of our dinner five nights ago flickered in my mind—not just the conversation, but the intense, magnetic connection that had hummed between us. He had treated me with such delicate care, leaving a tender kiss on my forehead at my doorstep. Since then, our interactions had been limited to phone calls—warm, supportive, but carefully avoiding the heavy desire that had anchored that night. I found myself following his lead, grateful for the steady pace even as my heart raced at the mention of his name.
The door creaked open, breaking my reverie. I turned to see Odette Withers standing in the doorway. A heavy silence fell between us as she stepped into the room. Under her icy glare, I felt a sudden, sharp pang of guilt, as if I were a usurper in her kingdom.
“Odette...”
"Save it, Kenya,” Odette bit out. Her eyes were rimmed with red, her expression a mask of bitter resentment.
“You think you earned this spotlight,” she said, her voice trembling with venom. “You think you’re here because of your talent alone, relegated me to the sidelines while you take my place.”
I rose instantly, shock coloring my features. "Odette, I know Dave’s decision was unexpected, but that gives you no right to make such accusations."
“Oh, Kenya. Don't tell me you’re truly this naive,” she countered with a hollow, bitter laugh. “You think this is about Dave Byron? Dave is just a puppet on a string, doing exactly what he’s told by the man pulling them.”
I stared at her, my heart beginning to sink. “What... what are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about Levi Ruthford,” Odette announced, her words like stones being cast. “He’s the one who bought you this chance. He’s the one who put you in the spotlight.”
I felt a wave of denial wash over me. “That’s nonsense, Odette. Mr. Ruthford wouldn't do something like that. He believes in my work...”
“Does he?” she sneered, closing the distance between us. “Think about it. Dave threw me off the production of the 'Suffering Princess' with almost no notice. He gave the lead to you, even though you hadn't rehearsed the role. Didn't you find that strange? The new room, the sudden ‘appreciation’ for your talent despite your recent absence... it’s all been paid for, Kenya. Byron boasted about it—how handsomely Levi compensated him to ensure you were the queen of the night.”
My chest constricted, the air suddenly feeling thin. I staggered back, gripping the edge of the vanity for support.
"It's not true," I whispered, though the seeds of doubt were already taking root.
"Enjoy your coronation, honey," Odette said, her eyes flashing with a final spark of malice. "Just remember that a throne bought with gold is never yours to keep."
A sharp knock interrupted the tension as Dave popped his head in. He took one look at the two of us and scowled at Odette.
“Odette, what are you doing here? You should be in the wings or the audience,” Dave barked.
Odette smoothed her expression, casting a cunning look toward him. "I was just helping her get into character, Dave," she lied smoothly.
“If I see you in a performer’s room again without cause, you’ll never step foot on this stage again,” Dave replied curtly. He waited until a pale-faced Odette brushed past him before turning to me.
He saw the tears shimmering in my eyes and the doubt clouding my face. "Whatever she told you," he said, his voice unusually soft, "know that you have the talent to carry this show. No one is more deserving of this moment."
I searched his eyes, wondering if he was sincere or merely protecting his investment. Before I could find the answer, Dave extended his hand, palm up.
"It’s time to go out there, Kenya Anderson. Show them who you are."
###Chapter 17: A Villain In My Story...

Levi.
Seated in the Ruthford family box, I watched Kenya Anderson—the woman who had become both my obsession and my quiet torment. Since that night we shared, sleep had become a luxury I could no longer afford. Every time I closed my eyes, I saw her—not just as the dancer on the stage, but as the woman who had looked at me with such raw, untapped vulnerability.
The memory of her skin beneath my fingers, the scent of her hair, and the way her breath hitched at my touch—it all clung to me like a fever. She was a delicate rose, a creature of light and passion, yet she remained fundamentally untouched by the world’s cynicism. That realization, her confession of innocence that night, had been the only thing strong enough to stay my hand.
I had resisted the urge to claim her then, not because I lacked the desire, but because I knew a woman like Kenya deserved more than a rushed moment of passion. She needed time, and she needed to come to me with utter acceptance. I could be patient. Precision and resilience were my greatest tools, and I was willing to wait to truly possess her heart.
Blake thought I had lost my mind when I canceled mega-million-dollar deals to sit in this theater tonight. But as I watched her move across the stage, I realized the cost didn't matter.
There was a profound change in her tonight. Instead of the joy of a debut, she radiated a haunting, exquisite pain. Every fluid movement was laced with a grief that seemed to enrapture the entire audience. She was the 'Suffering Princess' personified, her performance so authentic it sent a chill through the theater.
A sharp spike of jealousy flared within me as the lead male dancer touched her waist during a lift. I had to grip the railing of the box to keep from imagining the many ways I could remove him from her presence. Kenya was mine, even if she didn't know the full extent of it yet.

Kenya.
The dressing room door shut, cutting off the thunderous applause that still echoed in my ears. I reached for a glass of water, my hands shaking so violently that I nearly spilled it. I was a mess of conflicting emotions.
You’re hoping Levi was pleased, my heart whispered, but I fiercely silenced the thought.
The weight of Odette’s words felt like a physical burden. Was I really just Levi’s pity project? Had he truly bought my way onto this stage? The thought made me feel physically ill.
A knock came, and a group of fellow dancers burst in, their faces flushed with excitement. Mike popped a bottle of champagne, the bubbles overflowing as they toasted my success. I managed to fake a smile, offering a polite nod to the celebration while my mind raced. Quietly, I slipped behind the dressing screen to change, carefully unfastening the diamond jewelry Levi had sent. Each piece felt like a heavy shackle. I tucked them into my bag, determined to return them as soon as I could find the courage.
"Kenya? Are you in here?" Billy’s voice broke through the chatter.
"She's changing!" Andrea called out playfully.
I stepped out from behind the screen, fully dressed in my street clothes. "I'm here, Billy."
"Dave said to tell you that Mr. Ruthford sent his car for you. His assistant is waiting in Dave’s office," Billy informed me. A loud cheer went up from the group.
"Go to your man, Ken!" Rory teased, a wink in his eye. "He didn't take his eyes off you once."
Heat flooded my face, but I kept my head down, grabbing my bag and following Billy out. He led me to Dave’s office—a large, masculine space that smelled of expensive leather and old tobacco. He gestured for me to go in while he headed back to the stage.
I walked further into the suite, heading toward the inner lounge. I stopped when I saw Blake Dickson, Levi’s right-hand man, standing by the window with a phone pressed to his ear. His back was to me, and he didn't hear my approach.
"Were you able to clean up every trace concerning the death of those young men?" Blake’s voice was low but clear.
I froze, the air leaving my lungs.
"So no one can trace the incident with Hank and his associates back to Mr. Ruthford?" Blake continued, his tone business-like and cold. "Good. It needs to look like a gang war gone wrong. Keep me updated on the police report."
The world seemed to tilt on its axis. My blood turned to ice as the realization sank in. Hank was dead... and Levi was responsible. My body began to shake uncontrollably, my feet rooted to the spot as Blake turned around and saw me.
The silence that followed was deafening. I saw the flash of hesitation in his eyes—the realization that he had been overheard.
“How much did you hear?” Blake asked, his voice losing its professional edge.
I didn't answer. I couldn't. I clutched my bag to my chest and bolted out of the room, ignoring his calls for me to stop. I ran through the corridors and out into the cool night air, waving down the first cab I saw.
As the car sped away, I collapsed against the seat, hot tears finally spilling over. The heater was on, but I felt a coldness in my bones that no fire could warm. Levi wasn't the man I thought he was. He wasn't my savior or my protector.
He was the villain in my story, and I was trapped in his web.
###Chapter 18: The Big Bad Wolf...

***Levi***.

She opened the door to her apartment and flicked on the lights. There on her sofa I sat, mny eyes fiercely locked with hers. Glaring, unwavering. She stifled a yelp, her eyes darting for refuge. She turned back to open the door.so she could run out, but my next words stilled her.

“One step out that door, Kenya and your whole world will come crashing down.” I promised, my voice unrecognizable to me.

Somehow it wasn't the threat I guess, that chilled her and stopped her.Rather, the tone I said it. I had been all sweet and cuddly. But this time,I was∗me∗.


Kenya turned to face me, very slowly, and stood there. *Good girl*. Ifelt her tremble, as I closed the distance between us. Our eye contact,unwavering.

I loomed over her, staring down at her. Cold. Expressionless. Menacing.I could smell her tremble. I liked it. My hair and body still felt wet from the rain, which I braced coming here. But I didn't mind all that. My only thought was getting this over and done with. I am sure she wondered how I got into her apartment? *Well, I had my ways.* I smiled darkly.

“You weren't supposed to hear what Blake said about Hank. That was carelessness on his part." I explained, my voice shaky. She stared awkwardly at me. Then impulsively, she asked.

"Are you going to kill him too?" She put her palm over her mouth,instantly. Her eyes held fear. Perhaps chiding herself for speaking her thoughts. I didn't answer, I only stared deeply at her. My silence was
unnerving, even to me. But at this rate. I couldn't determine my next actions. I needed to cool down. I couldn't lose her. That was out of the fucking question.

"There was never a fire, was there?" She asked, holding my gaze. I silently watched her,battling within herself. Decrypting things. Tears rolled down her eyes, as realization hit her. But I only watched. Listened.

"And all those images I told you I continued to have after the surgery...They weren't dreams, like you convinced me to believe, were they? You knew all along about Hank...You..." She trailed off, afraid to speak the next words that lingered on the tip of her tongue. I could sense it. I read it in her. Her body language said it all.

"You paid a place for me. You paid Dave for me to dance tonight." She revealed. I was startled a little at those words, but my eyes remained on her. *Who had told her that? That Dave? I knew he was all balls and no brains. S*ilence ensued. She broke it first, her voice firm.

“You aren't who you claim to be...I want you gone. Away from me. Here.This is the gift you sent tonight." She scrambled in her bag and provided the red, velvet box I had sent out to her earlier. I shifted my eyes to the box and back to her. It was hers to keep. Complete with the certificate of ownership. Something dark crossed my features, as we locked gazes and I think she noticed it.


“I am afraid I can't let you go, Kenya." I confessed, coldly.I chuckled bitterly, ignoring her frightened expression.

“You see, I am never letting you go, Kenya. You are mine."

“I do not belong to you, Levi." She retorted, sharply, her eyes wide.
“Oh but you do,Darling. And, in regard to this," I shifted closer, my eyes boring into her. Grinning devilishly. “I have put on hold the renovations concerning Claudine's dance school." I smiled. She looked at me,confused.Fear gripped her.

“Why?”She asked.

“Because until you are fully mine, I won't conclude the project,and you will be out of work... You and your other colleagues there."

“But...that's horrible. You can't do that." She cried, horrified. I chuckled bitterly.

“Oh I can, baby. And I have."

“Please, Levi. You can't... Please don't do this...people will suffer..." She scrambled to say, desperately.

“Oh, not only them. I also intend to have every dance establishment bluff you, and everyone that works in that little dance school. And Claudine, I have evidence against her with the authorities." I smirked.

"What evidence?" She asked,puzzled.

“Evidence about how she blackmailed her husband into giving her that generous alimony. Conning her insurance company." I watched her and smirked. Horror etched on her face.


“You can't Levi...You would ruin her," Tears spilled down her beautiful eyes. I could and I would. But she didn't know that. The hurt look in her eyes, killed me. But I ignored the nudging ache. Desperation driving me to the brink.


"I can. I have. Even your brother in law, Alan Preston; the movie
producer and his wife, Amanda; the Beverly Hills jewelry designer. I have evidence of their gross, business misconduct. All their tax evasions. Every,damned,dirty detail.”

She gasped."Levi,please...Please.My mum would be..."

“Heart broken. Shattered. You are correct. She'd be crushed." I finished.

She stifled a sob,tears rolling down.

I knew what she thought. A despicable, black guard. But I had my reasons.I was no saint. No one was. But I had long embraced my darkness. An undeniable truth. This was me that I had tried to shield her from. But she forced my hand. She stared into my eyes. Watching me, her heart wrenched. I wasn't as kind.


"What can I do to stop you?" She muttered, helplessly. Her breath shaky.I leaned down,dangerously, my breath so close to her.

My tone foreboding, I whispered. “You have from now till next Saturday to meet me at my chosen location, or I would make a call and everything would happen as I have said."


Kenya stared, perplexed. She searched my eyes, anxiously. “Meet you for what?”


“Isn't it obvious?" I smiled, devilishly.She shook her head.

“Marry me and I would make the big bad wolf, disappear."
###Chapter 19: I Bailed Out...

***Kenya.***

*Next day...*

Flights always got me comfortable. And sitting in my brother-in-law's plane, I was grateful for the reprieve. At least I didn't have to go through the discomforts of commercial flights.

Beside me sat my mum, who yapped with my sister about different topics.They had an enviable relationship, where they shared common interests;beauty, fashion and a lavish life. A trait which I didn't share with Mum.Mum always told me that I was more like my late dad, loving the arts and serenity. I suddenly wondered if that was the reason she had met and married Alan Preston in the first place.

The man was rich as Croesus and had all the fame. And now,knowing they had dirt in their hands, I didn't know what to think.

*Did it mean they were all just living a pretentious life?* I wondered. Even my boss, Claudine. The woman had made all that money by illicit means.Having dirt as well. Silently, I watched them both.

"Are you alright, Kenya?" Alan asked me, over his glass of wine. His handsome face, kind. I shifted, uncomfortably. I hadn't been aware that I was staring.


"Yes, Kenya. You have been awfully quiet, for someone who had a beautiful debut as the star ballerina last night." Amanda added, concerned.I stared, tears spilling over as I recalled my sister's love for me.

"Oh it's nothing...I was just overwhelmed by your love for me." I lied,
pasting a false smile. Mum smiled with warmth.

"Oh honey. We love you so much. You don't need to cry, and we are very proud of you." Mum held me, affectionately. I returned the embrace,smiling.

"Yes, Ken, we love you OK. Never forget that." Amanda, who sat beside her husband from Alan, admitted. "And so you know how proud we are,I just heard that your face is currently in Times Square as the star ballerina."

I stared, awestruck. "How?" I asked.


"I don't know," Amanda said, smiling. "But I bet it has something to do with your current boyfriend.

*Levi Ruthford."*

Amanda teased. Her eyes, glinting with pride. I winced at the sound of Levi's name.


"He's...he's..."


"Oh honey. Whatever you are doing with him, continue. You have my full support. Just don't let him slip." Amanda urged.

"Honey..." Alan cautioned, softly.

"What, baby? I want my sister to have the best as well." Amanda cooed as she kissed her husband. Love, evident between them.

"Pay her no mind, Kenya. We all love you, no matter who you are." Alan smiled at me, kindly.

I equally smiled, my heart wrenching. Gosh, I loved them so much.And now,due to my foolish encouragement of Levi, they faced ruination.
*Marriage. A* shudder ran through my entire body.

"I have a proposition for you, if you are so inclined." Alan's voice broke into my thoughts. "I have a spot for a ballerina on my upcoming movie project and I need the next best thing."

We stared at Alan.

"Your sister never told me that you danced well. I would have offered you the spot. But now I know, I was wondering, would youa like to take the role?" Alan asked, smiling.

I was shocked. Mum and Amanda smiled, encouraging me to agree.Would he have noticed me if Levi hadn't bought the spot for me?*I wondered.


*Until Levi came into my life, I was just Amanda's baby sister. Now I was noticed.*


Seeing their expectant gazes, I answered, "I'd think about it, Alan."

***

It was night as I lay in one of the rooms of Mum's Malibu beach house. A modern apartment, gifted to Mum by my sister on one of her birthdays that had all the luxury and glam. The sea, a welcome neighbor.It's saltiness,filled my nostrils. Pleasant,peaceful.

When we were younger, Amanda had started working early to help Mum in household expenses. She had even abandoned furthering her studies after high school. Her focus on work, to help me, with my schooling.Especially once I got admitted to Manhattan school of the Arts,on scholarship. She worked nights, tirelessly. And when Alan had come to marry her, we had seen him as her knight in shining armor.
Now, two kids later, they were still in love. And I couldn't do otherwise but uphold that love, no matter the cost. Even though I had to run forever,from Levi.


As soon as Levi left my place that night, I had cried myself to sleep. I had ignored Dave's calls and his subsequent text, which informed me that I was to be placed in Times Square. Even calls from my friends. I was sorrowful and had fallen asleep, pain killing me.

Early this morning, I woke up with a bright idea. I called Alan,seeking permission to board the flight with them. Enthusiastic, he had agreed and even sent his driver for me.


Without informing anyone, I bailed out on Levi. Hoping to find a solution,before he realizes my absence. I didn't think of anything. I only wanted this to end. So here I was.


Earlier this evening at dinner, Alan called to thank me for accepting the role. I was confused, because I hadn't given it any thought, since Mum and I arrived her place. He later filled me in, that Amanda had conveyed my acquiescence to him. Furious, I called my sister to vent all my frustration. She only laughed, mischievously. Her assurance that I would thank her later, irking.


Did my life still belong to me, I wondered, as I lay in bed. The wind picked up, curtains blowing softly into the room. The night was dark,beautiful. The swooshing sound of the waves, a lullaby. A comfort to my troubled soul.

I didn't know what tomorrow had in store for me. I had no life to return to. I had to escape Levi. Or face marriage to that vile man.

An option I would never consider.
###Chapter 20: To Be Sane...

Levi. Monday... Next day...
11 am. We had just left the private airstrip where my plane touched down. I was being driven to the address Blake had tracked for me. My heart was a chaotic mix of unidentifiable emotions and a simmering frustration. She dared to run. I had spent the previous day calling Kenya endlessly, my mind racing with a restless energy that I directed at everyone around me until she was finally located.
Things shouldn't have unfolded this way, but they had. Now, I had to salvage the situation.
My phone buzzed in my pocket. I pulled it out to see a message from a hidden number.
"Unknown Number: I shouldn't contact you, but this is an emergency. Someone is digging into your businesses—the mines and plantations. We are laying low for a while."
I stilled, pinching the bridge of my nose in frustration. Not now. Who could be behind this? I needed to stay focused.
"Me: Okay Rico. Keep me updated."
A few seconds later, the car pulled up in front of a charming beach house on Miami Street. It was modest and beautiful, with a small patch of trimmed lawn and vibrant flowers adorning the surroundings. Even in my state of mind, I was impressed.
Strolling up the cobblestone walkway, I reached the front door. It opened after a couple of rings, and I found myself looking at an older version of Kenya. She was beautiful and cheerful; I recognized her immediately from the dossier I had on Kenya’s family.
"Mrs. Anderson. We finally meet."
Her gaze fixed on me, wide with surprise. "Oh my God! Mr. Ruthford. Please, come in." She stepped aside, and I walked into a home that smelled of roses, citrus, and fresh baking.
She smiled warmly at me. "This is such a surprise. Kenya didn't tell me you were coming, or I would have made preparations."
"She isn't expecting me. Can I see her?" I offered a polite smile, though my heart was pounding in anticipation. She nodded with a knowing look that I couldn't quite place. She turned and called out.
"Kenya, someone is here for you!"
I waited, my pulse quickening. Kenya appeared a moment later, standing before me. My heart seemed to stop. She looked simple yet breathtakingly beautiful. When she saw me, the color drained from her face.
"Hello, Kenya. Miss me?" I asked quietly, my voice steady despite the rush of relief at seeing her. She trembled slightly. God, I thought I had lost her.
"Oh honey, say something," her mother prompted softly.
"Levi, I..."
"I know. You missed me," I finished for her, closing the distance between us. I stood over her, my presence commanding and intense as I looked into her eyes.
I took her hand in a firm but controlled grip and leaned in, placing a brief, lingering kiss on her lips. She didn't resist, though her tension was palpable.
"Oh, Mr. Ruthford, I am so happy you came," her mother chimed in. "Perhaps you can distract her. She has been so somber since yesterday."
I pulled back, holding Kenya’s gaze with a look of feigned concern. "Is that true? What’s making you sad, darling?" I asked. She flinched away from my touch, her eyes flashing with a silent, sharp defiance.
"Nothing. I'm fine."
I studied her expression, wondering if her distress was still tied to the past she was trying to flee.
"I do hope you'll be staying long," her mother offered, breaking the silence. "We were just making strawberry tarts."
I turned toward Mrs. Anderson, a bright, charming smile crossing my face. "I'll be staying until my task here is finished, Mrs. Anderson."
I turned a possessive gaze back to Kenya, my hand resting firmly on the small of her back. "And it would be a pleasure to taste what you both have prepared," I added.
Mrs. Anderson beamed and walked away toward the kitchen. As soon as she was out of earshot, Kenya turned on me with a desperate look. "What are you doing here? How did you find me?"
I smiled at her calmly. "I tried calling you yesterday, but it seemed my calls were being ignored." I let the weight of that statement hang in the air. "I went to your apartment and found it empty. Even Dave hadn't seen you."
She shifted uncomfortably, moving toward the open window to avoid my stare.
"Then it hit me," I continued lightly. "You were trying to leave your future behind."
"You are not my future," she retorted sharply.
I smiled darkly, stepping closer until I was right behind her. "I had you tracked and received this address last night." I watched the realization hit her face. I had known where she was for hours, but I had wanted to give her one last taste of the freedom she so desperately sought.
"You tracked me?" she whispered, her voice laced with fear. I nodded.
"What do you want?"
"You already know what I want, Kenya."
"It would be torture... being with you," she whispered, tears beginning to well in her eyes.
I gazed at her, and for a fleeting moment, the old tenderness I felt for her tried to surface. I pushed it down. "I had initially given you until Saturday," I said, ignoring her plea. "But the timeline has changed. You have until tomorrow morning."
"Tomorrow morning?" she gasped.
"Yes. Tomorrow morning, a car will arrive to take you to the chapel. Everything will be ready for the ceremony. You don't need to worry about a thing."
She stared at me, horrified. "I won't do it. I won't! You can't force me."
I turned toward the window, looking out at the beautiful view of the beach. It reminded me of my house in Malibu, a place I hadn't visited in years. On the sand, I saw a couple in a passionate embrace, a stark contrast to the cold negotiation happening in this room.
"I have already sent the evidence to the D.A.'s office in Manhattan," I said coldly. I hated that I had to use this against her, but I wouldn't let her go. "If I don't give the command to stop by tomorrow evening, the proceedings will move forward. The culprits will be prosecuted. It will be a devastating blow to your family’s legacy, Kenya."
"Why are you doing this, Levi?" her voice broke, a sob escaping her.
I kept my eyes on the horizon, fighting the urge to pull her into my arms and comfort her. I steeled my heart, my voice dropping to a low, determined whisper.
"Because you are the bane of my sanity. To be sane, I need you by my side."
###Chapter 21: Why Him...

***Kenya.***

*Tuesday morning.*

Standing in one of the chapel rooms, I gazed at myself in the big mirror.

It was a small and sparsely decorated room, buIt with tasteful furnishing.I watched as the makeup artist put finishing touches to my face,trying to hold back the tears. My sister and Mum stood behind me, with my sister's.face pale. Like she had seen a ghost. Ever since she was properly introduced to Levi, when she arrived at the church, she had been reserved.Honestly, I should have been puzzled about her demeanor, but I didn't,because she wasn't the one to be shackled forever to a brute.


With Levi's permission, I invited Mum, Amanda and Alan to the wedding.

So,after Levi left, I approached Mum about the subject. He had enjoyed the tarts we made, much to my displeasure, mind you. Mum had been elated, both of them chatting on the table, as if they were friends forever.He had a way with women, even my Mum.

Mum, surprised, when I broke the news of my impending wedding,had asked twenty questions. 'Do you love him? Are you sure? Are you pregnant?' I had answered her, nervously. My tone was as firm as I could.Finally, she had jumped with glee. Her excitement rivalling my sour mood.She called my sister, informing her of the good news. My sister was shocked as we went last minute shopping for their outfits. Even when I told them I didn't need a collection of sexy nighties, they didn't budge.

They bought everything.
So there you have it. Everyone had shown immense delight and shock at the news. But no one had bothered to see the tear-streaked face of the bride. Or I had only masked it too well. Hence, no one noticed.

Later at night, I had lain in bed, my body taut from all the pain I had suppressed within me. I hadn't been able to eat any bite of food all day.Even those delicious tarts I had made. But in spite of the pangs of hunger I felt, I had resigned myself to suffering all the hurt I deserved for attracting such an obnoxious man.


Every other girl attracted the attention of normal men. But I had gone ahead to attract such a vile man. A man that stirred my insides at the mere mention of his name. At the sound of his voice. My wedding which I had always dreamed of as a little girl was now hijacked by someone so despicable and there was nothing to it. With all that in mind, I hadn't even been aware when sleep had carried me away.

"Why are you marrying that man, Kenya?"

I heard my sister's voice, so quiet that I wouldn't have heard her. We were alone in the room.


Instead of answering my sister, I turned a grave face to the mirror. The girl in front of me was so beautiful, but frightened. My stomach growled from hunger, but I ignored the rumbling.

"Ken? Answer me," Amanda pressed. I turned a sad gaze at her sister.And I think my expression have me away. Fear. Anguish.

"Oh honey..." Amanda rushed to me, taking me in a tender embrace.

I broke into uncontrollable sobs and just held my sister.

After a little while, Amanda asked.
"Have I been too hard on you...pressing you to marry a man of high standards?" She probed,quietly.

I noticed that my sister held her breath as she waited for my response.And I wondered why she felt this way. I pulled back from the hug and watched my elder sister.


There was guilt and something like remorse in Amanda's eyes, but I had no idea what Amanda would feel these shades of emotions for. Cleaning my eyes with my fingers, I breathed softly.

"You haven't been hard on me, Amanda...I...I just didn't expect that marriage would come this soon." I lied, smoothly.

"Then why rush into it?" Amanda questioned, impatiently.

"Because..." My voice rose a little in anger. Then i breathed to calm myself before I continued. "Because if I didn't, I wouldn't be complete...Levi wouldn't be complete... Everyone would be ruined." I finally voiced out,trembling inside. I wanted to tell Amanda everything. The little girl in me that always cried to her big sister when we were little. But I held myself back.


Well,most of what i just said was almost true. If this marriage wasn't done,the ruination of my family and Claudine, would cause my unhappiness,hence my incompleteness. On the other hand, I had no idea where Levi's completeness would stem from if the marriage went through. Perhaps it would stem from seeing me miserable for the rest of my life in the marriage.

A silence fell between us, as Amanda maintained a steady gaze on me.I squirmed under her studious gaze. There was something Amanda must have seen in my eyes, but she didn't press. I was grateful for that small
favor.

Inhaling, Amanda continued.

"I am not in the least bit convinced on your reasons. But you are a young woman now...I can't question your decisions. I can't force you. I just hope you know what you are doing..." Alone tear spilled down Amanda's right eye in that moment.


I only stared at her, helplessly. Then on an afterthought. Amanda kissed me on the cheeks and smoothed the front of my beautiful dress.

"I don't think politicians are patient people. Let's get you on your way to your groom." Amanda declared softly.


The forced smile on my face, didn't reach my eyes. But it worked. I didn't even want to linger on the reason my sister had such a guarded expression.I could only hope that my own expression wasn't rueful.

Ignoring my sister's efforts to Porsche up my face, I grabbed my bouquet of white roses and walked out of the room to meet her devious husband to be.
###Chapter 22: Turn Back The Hands of Time..

Levi.
Kenya was escorted down the aisle by Alan, her arm tucked affectionately into the crook of his elbow as she walked toward me. To an outsider, it was the picture of a perfect union; to us, it was a high-stakes negotiation reaching its inevitable conclusion.
She was accompanied by her elder sister and her mother, both women resplendent in peach-colored dresses of varying designs. I felt a fleeting pang of sympathy for Kenya as she reached the altar. I knew she was disappointed that her young nieces, Stacy and Lisa, couldn't attend due to their exams. Their grandmother had spent most of yesterday’s dinner regaling me with stories of their brilliance, and I could see the void their absence left in Kenya's eyes.
Finally, Kenya stood before me. She was hesitant, her fingers trembling slightly until Alan gently encouraged her to surrender her hand to mine. I took it firmly, giving a brief, appreciative nod to Alan before we turned to the priest.
From beneath her thin, white veil, Kenya was breathtaking. Her white lace gown was a masterpiece of design, elegant yet daring with a high slit at the left thigh. Her hair was swept into a low bun, secured by a diamond comb that caught the light with every breath she took. However, I sensed the wall she had built between us. My gaze drifted to her bare neck, and a ripple of displeasure went through me—she wasn't wearing the diamond necklace I had specifically ordered for this ceremony.
I forced myself to focus on the vows. Everything moved in a blurred, ceremonial haze until the rings were exchanged. The priest, radiating a warmth that felt at odds with the tension in my chest, declared us husband and wife and invited me to kiss my bride.
I closed the distance slowly, my hands reaching out to pull her closer. As I leaned in, our breaths mingled in the small space between us. I pressed my lips to hers—a slow, deliberate contact. It was a gesture meant to seal a contract, yet it stirred a fierce, protective fire deep within me. I felt her resistance, a subtle tensing of her frame that only I could perceive.
Leaning close to her ear, I whispered a promise intended only for her. "I will ensure you never lack for anything in this world, Kenya. You have my word, and you have my undivided attention."
I pulled back slightly, looking into her eyes, searching for a sign of surrender.
"I’m afraid I can’t say the same for you, Levi," she confessed, her voice low and fierce, her gaze burning with an intensity that made my blood run cold. "I will make you regret this day so deeply that you’ll spend the rest of your life wishing you could turn back the hands of time."

The wedding breakfast was an intimate, sophisticated affair held at my Malibu beach house. I was impressed by the efficiency of my staff; despite the short notice and my long absence from this property, the estate was in pristine condition.
I had initially planned for us to head to New York immediately following the ceremony, but the look in Kenya's eyes when she embraced her mother had stopped me. I saw a profound yearning there, a need for one last moment of normalcy. I decided to grant her a reprieve, allowing her to stay with her family for another day. We would head to NYC on Thursday. Blake could handle the fallout of my delayed return.
Thinking of Blake brought a bitter taste to my mouth. I recalled the night Kenya found out about Hank—the fear in her eyes and her sudden realization of the world I occupied. Blake had made an honest mistake in his handling of the aftermath, a lapse in judgment that had almost cost me everything.
I had tried to explain it to her, to tell her the truth about that night with Hank—how I had found her at her most vulnerable and acted to protect her. But she had avoided my calls, forcing me to take drastic measures to ensure I didn't lose her. I had watched her succumb to the pain of what she perceived as a betrayal, unable to defend myself for fear of the disdain I had once seen in Belle’s eyes. Now, with our marriage finalized, I intended to uphold my side of the bargain, even if she promised me hell in return.
“Mr. Ruthford, thank you for including us. I wish you both a blissful future,” Alan’s voice broke through my thoughts.
We were seated on the terrace at the back of the house, the cool sea breeze ruffling our hair as we sipped expensive brandy. The sound of the waves crashing against the shore provided a rhythmic backdrop to our conversation.
"I’ve offered your wife a lead spot in my upcoming film," Alan said, dragging my focus back to the present. "I had no idea she was such a tremendous talent until I saw her debut."
A frown touched my brow. "I see."
“Of course, the offer was made before she was officially a Ruthford, so I didn't feel the need to consult you at the time. But you should be aware of the development."
I studied him silently, weighing the implications. Kenya had never mentioned this to me. "Did she accept?"
"You know Kenya," Alan said with a slight, amused smile. "She was hesitant at first, perhaps a bit overwhelmed. but her sister informed me that she’s accepted the role."
I nodded absently, staring out at the horizon where the sun was beginning to dip. "She is my wife, Alan," I said quietly, turning to meet his gaze. "Our marriage doesn't impair her career; if anything, the Ruthford name provides her with an advantage the industry cannot ignore. She will have the best of everything."
###Chapter 23: Heartfelt Confession...

Levi.

Alan nodded his head.

Just then, my mother-in-law came to join us. I had seen her pull out of her daughters' presence in the living room. My gaze not leaving Kenya.Following her every step, while I listened to Alan. Admiring her, putting to inemory her every gesture.


“Mr Ruthford. Alan,” My mother-in-law quietly called. We raised our gazes to her, earning an appreciative smile from her.

“Mother in law, you call Alan by his name. Wouldn't you treat me in the same way?" I quietly asked, smiling.

“Oh, I hadn't considered it. However, now that you have mentioned it,I would gladly do so." She agreed. I smiled, warmly. My heart softened in my chest.

"I wanted to see you alone... Levi.” She continued, a knowing smile crossing her lips as she caught a glimpse of my satisfied smile at the informal address.


“Sure thing. I'd just go and join Amanda and Kenya." Alan suggested,rising to his feet and walking away. I stood up and pulled out a chair for her,before I sat.

Sensing her hesitation, I quietly spoke. "You don't have to be uncomfortable with me. We are family now. Any issues you have concern me," I urged. She raised her gaze at him and I instantly saw a likeness of my wife in her.
"I wanted to thank you for giving my daughter a home. A chance to be a woman, like every other woman." She began, the smile on her face faltering as she struggled to curtail her emotions. Tears rolled down her eyes.


“You don't have to thank me." I cut in, slightly displeased that she felt that way. Puzzled by her reason for those words.


“I do, Levi.” She pressed, chuckling nervously as she dabbed her eyes.I decided to let her speak. I needed to know.

“I don't know if she ever told you what happened to me and Amanda,when Kenya was still in the womb?"

I nodded my head.

"Well, that incident had left her to suffer a birth defect... A malfunction in her formation... Hips Dysplasia, the doctors had diagnosed when she was born. They had declared that she was lucky to have survived after what she had gone through in the womb. And we subsequently visited the pediatricians, until correctional surgery had taken place, when she was a few months old." She sniffed.


I drew closer and took her hands in mine. A comforting gesture.She smiled.


“I had watched my baby suffer rejection. Her tears, constant torments to my heart. But I had harbored hope. I hadn't been dissuaded. And I had told her that love would find her. Not that Hank of a man, who had been a brute." Mercy bitterly disclosed, mirroring Levi's emotion about the subject. I wondered if she knew of Hank's end.

“But now, she has you, I am grateful that you married her and saved her
from this misery." She added.

A movement caught my eye and I looked in time to catch Kenya standing on the threshold of the door leading to the terrace. Her eyes pooled in tears,watching us. Her mother hadn't seen her yet, but I did. Obviously, from her stance, she had heard her mum's heartfelt confession.


Quietly, she slipped away and disappeared along the other side of the terrace. I wanted to follow her immediately, but I stayed, knowing her Mum needed this time to vent. I would find my wife later.

A few moments later, after my mother-in-law calmed down, she announced their intention to depart early. Reminding me to look after her little girl. A duty which I inwardly vowed to uphold.

When they were ready to leave, the party was disappointed to find that Kenya was nowhere in sight. They asked I sent their regards. As I saw them off to Alan's awaiting vehicle, I couldn't help but notice the frantic glances which Amanda Preston threw my way. I would have wanted to ask her about it, perhaps if her sister had disclosed anything to her. But I decided against it. Choosing to ignore the gesture.

Schooling my emotions, I watched them leave. After, I went in search of my beautiful wife.


I stood on the terrace, scanning the beachfront for Kenya. The massive,white,two-story building, made of bricks, steel, expansive glass doors and windows, stood on rocks. The entire arrangement of the building spacious.boasting 6 bedrooms, including ensuite bathrooms. Massive and spacious living room, with sparse furnishings to highlight the white, black and brown decorations. White sofas graced the living room. A glass coffee table and an exotic bar, fully stocked. Walls bore expensive Watteau, Seurat and Degas paintings.
Descending the terrace stairs, I walked along the sandy beach. Wearing only my shirt, with its sleeves rolled up and my suit pants.

The sand felt sharp under my feet, the saltiness of the sea wafting through the air. The wind picked up, tingling my nostrils. The white foam of the sea climbed my feet, the cold water seeping through my skin. The smell of the wet sand evoked nostalgic memories of me and my Mum building sand castles. The sun not punishing. Rather, delicate and warm,gradually awakened my senses to calmness. One I rarely saw in New York.

I saw Kenya, calm, her fixed gaze on the sea. She sat on the sand,her legs pulled up in front of her. Beautiful and peaceful. Without any care in the world. I regretted crashing her world with my presence. But I wasn't able to do otherwise. Marrying her had been my only option, in order to save us both from eternal destruction. Because whether Kenya accepted it or not,desire stirred within us. A dreadfual threat above our heads.

Closing the distance between us, I sat beside her. Her beautiful perfume that I picked or her; chocolate, flowers, stirred my senses alive. I equally stared at the sea ahead, weighing where to begin. She deserved this much.
###Chapter 24: Live Or Die?

***Levi.***

"They sent their regards before they left. They wanted to see you, but had other prior engagements." I spoke, my eyes remaining on the sea, before us.


Kenya maintained her silence. After a long pause, I turned my eyes to her.

“Why didn't you wear the diamond necklace that I got made for the.occasion?”


*That seemed to get her attention.* She glared at me, before she turned away again.

"Wasn't it to your liking?" I pressed. A soft sigh escaped her lips, as she retorted.


“If I had my way, I would have worn an all-black to the wedding... Black dress and veil, shoes and roses so dark...

mourning my loss.” She sneered.

That stung. Her indignation was justified. And so we're my actions.

A silence lingered. My thoughts forming.

Memories of that dreadful night came flooding back as I talked shakily.

****SiXWeeks Ago.,.***

After the successful exclusive with Shirley, I remained with my campaign team,long into the night. We watched the reactions of people in the media.
My entire team was filled with happiness at the results and comments
that flooded the polls. Celebratory Pizza and drinks were ordered, and we all partook in the feast.

But my happiness wasn't complete, until I saw Kenya, the woman, who had boldly counseled me to be as transparent as I could. I yearned to see her, so I called her, but to no avail. I even called the theater, but was told she was at J'aime.


So I asked to be driven there.

Alighting the vehicle, we sensed something off. The sounds of breaking glass alerted us. So we took cover, treading cautiously into the building.The place was vandalized. Broken glass, strewn clothes. It was appalling. I feared the worst for Kenya then, like a knie twist in my gut.

We came to a halt at a horrid sight. My fear unfolded, as I saw three men looming over a naked and limp Kenya on the floor. Horrified, fear gripped me. I was uncertain if she was alive as I wwatched for any signs of movement from her. And worse was that these men had


their hands touching her lewdly, not minding, she waslying there limp and undressed.


I grew livid, wanting to lurch for the men. But I knew that emotions didn't pose well in such moments and decided to think with a clear head.Schooling my rage, I assumed a part of me which I had put away for many years. Patiently watching the scene that unfolded through blood-shot eyes.


Counting only three men, I looked out for an opening. The men suddenly fell into a sickening argument about whom to go first, posing an opening.And just when one of the men, who I later got to know as Hank, lowered himself into her naked form, her legs spread beneath him, I pulled out my
flick blade and threw it at the man. The knife hit its mark and pierced through his right thigh, a scream escaping him.

The injured man's buddies pulled out guns and fired aimlessly,while my men responded with shots of their own. Dashing through the chaos,I went to Kenya, uncertain if she was alive. Her assailant groaned in pain on the floor, as I lowered beside Kenya.


Blood pooled around her head. My fingers searched for a pulse and after successfully finding it, I instantly carried her in my arms, proceeding out the door. The sound of Kenya momentarily saying my name was a ray of hope for me amidst that chaos. And with that encouragement, I ordered we be rushed to the hospital, immediately.

Ripping a piece of my shirt, I wrapped it around her head, managing to stall the bleeding.

At the hospital, the doctors revealed to me the enormnity of her head wound and steps required for her survival. I immediately gave the go ahead for her suargical procedure to begin.

Seeing her there on the bed, hours after the surgery, the fall and rise of her chest, my only assurance of any life in her, apart from the beeping machines, was torture. The state of her health, so uncertain. Her head was wrapped up in a bandage. Little scratches all over her arms. It was a miracle she survived. I died a million times.

***Present day...***

"I watched the entire procedure of your surgery in the observation room.And I swear I had died every moment, seeing all that blood coming from you. Seeing the laser sealing your skin. I died, Kenya...”I faced her,grimly.
She saw the look in my eyes and grew frightened.

“I didn't know that you would survive Kenya. It was a fifty-fifty chance...There was never a fire or burglary. My men set the fire up on my orders,to clean the place." I paused, catching my emotions.


“As for handling Hank, it was easy. I only made a few calls, set them up a little." A dark chuckle escaped me.


My eyes focused on the water, as I recalled how I got Hank and his buddies well tended to by my medical team. Their wounds all healed as they dreadfully awaited their fate for weeks. Begging for death, they had been granted their wishes. A dark thrill still coursed through me, at the images of their bodies mangled by the bullets to the point of no recognition.

Pulling her arms around her, she shifted her gaze away. A silence thickened,my words sinking in. The water lapped white foam, touching our bare feet, kissing them.


"Now you know all that happened. Tell me, what would you have done if you had been in my shoes?" My voice broke the lingering silence. A steady gaze at her. "Would you have let your assailants live, or die?" My words,a soft caress. I waited for her response. What did she think? Did she still find me guilty, I wondered.

Seconds passed.

"I would have done the same."
###Chapter 25: Some Husband I Was...

***Kenya.***

All my life, never had anything of such magnitude engulfed me until now.

Life, for me, once revolved around my passion for dance. But the emergence of Levi Ruthford, my husband, just tipped my life.

Before Levi left, he asked me to talk to Tamar, our housekeeper, about anything I needed. He had said that with such conviction that it almost.weakened me. And I doubted I was going to need anything from him, if I had a choice.


First, Hank's death, then Levi's role in my debut. And worse, Levi's role in Hank's death - well, indirectly. A justified action, because Hank had hurt me so gravelly, his actions robbing me of my memories. Memories which were precious to me, no matter how little.

Somehow, Levi's description of everything that happened that night, jolted a particular feeling back to me. An instinct. A dread of Hank and how I used to feel in his presence when he was alive.

A fleeting picture suddenly crossed my mind and I found myself recalling Hank's constant abuse whenever we made out. I regretted how my mind couldn't currently recall that night he had tried raping me.

But I was relieved that I could at least remember how despicable he had been. It gave me a reason not to mourn the man. Yet, I couldn't shake off Levi's awful methods. Diabolical. I wasn't certain I wanted to participate in his world, But I couldn't escape now,could I?

Choosingto stay on the beach a little longer, I wept about my pathetic
situation.


***


***Levi***.


It was 7pm in the evening and I could feel the exhaustion of the past few hours weigh on me. I stretched, after being entrenched in a series of meetings since I left Kenya earlier. Not a moment's break since then.Except for coffee breaks that were allowed in the virtual meeting.

The meetings had mostly been election related. One concerning Chicago STA Constructions Architecture and Building department. Informing me of the reasons for the recent upsurge in dissatisfied clients in the Chicago branch. The cause was a change in the supply of building materials by one of the chosen vendors. An action which cost me countless profits in the last months. I finally decided that a lawsuit be served that said vendor for the negligence. At least it would teach my other suppliers not to mess with me.


As for the meeting with party members, they had wanted to discuss the recent allegations thrown at me by Crompton. Allegations which the party members suggested I addressed in a press conference. Yesterday,Crompton publicly accused me in the media, of being involved in conflicts that had torn down some of the African countries for over two decades.However, instead of taking offense at the allegations,during the meeting.I was amused. My passiveness amazed them.

Lying languidly on the sofa in my office, idly watching the wooden ceiling beams, I recalled the text from Rico. So Crompton had been behind nosing around my businesses. I frowned, pulling out my phone.

"Blake, hi. These recent words pulled out by Crompton. Investigate them.
I read the transcript of his press release, and he referred to The RINA MINES having ties with some conflicts that have taken place over the years in some African countries. Do some ground research and report to me immediately,"I instructed.

Sitting upright, I let my thoughts travel to my wife, dispelling my ire.I wondered if she had had anything to eat yet. It was already late,and I should have checked up on her but couldn't, because of the intense meetings all afternoon. *Some husband I was*, I sighed, palming my face. *I should be more attentive to her.*

I recalled my confession to her earlier on the beach. I wondered how she felt about me, now she knew this side of me. If only she knew the real me.*

Walking out of the office, I went to be her husband. The thought of that brought sweet, wicked memories of that night had been dessert.

Walking into our magnificently decorated bedroom, I was greeted by silence and a chill from the open window. Frowning, I walked further into the room, checking the ensuite bathroom. Only the light breeze outside,which brought in the saltiness of the sea, greeted me. My brows furrowed while I went downstairs to find Kenya.

Coming into the kitchen, hoping that she was having dinner, I was displeased to find only Tamar, giving instructions to a maid.

"Tamar, have you any idea where Mrs Ruthford is?" I asked, the name pleasing.


"Yes, Sir," Tamar answered, slightly bemused. "She asked us to prepare one of the downstairs rooms earlier. She is there now. I just took her some aspirin for her headache, after she declined having any dinner."
"Headache? Downstairs..." I stood aghast. *Refusing dinner?* I echoed,inwardly. Tamar and the maid looked at me, confused. I inhaled a steady breath.


"Tamar, would you run a hot water bath for the both of us, upstairs and add some bath salts. Perhaps it would help the headache." I instructed,turning away to go get Kenya. I was infuriated.


There were only three bedrooms on each floor and I didn't mind banging on every door until I found my little wife.


Reining in my emotions, I knocked on door number two, feeling a modicum of relief hearing her voice from behind it. Opening the door, I walked into the room, my shoulders squared.

Her back was to me as she sat on the bed, and absently said, "Tamar, no need to stress yourself more tonight. Thank you very much for your help."She sniffed, gazing at the open window. *She had been crying. No wonder she suffered a headache.*


"What in God's name are you doing in this room, Kenya?" I roared,startling her. She half twisted to gaze at me, shock on her face. "And what the fuck are you wearing?"
###Chapter 26: The Culinary Truce

Kenya.
I knew exactly what he intended with the gifts he’d bought—those expensive, delicate silk nightgowns that seemed designed to strip away my defenses. But I chose to ignore them. Instead, I wore my pale blue cotton pajamas, my hair twisted into a pair of simple braids. With my eyes still red from earlier and my spirit weary, I felt anything but the poised woman he wanted me to be.
"Why aren't you wearing one of the dresses I got for you? And why aren't you in our bedroom?" Levi’s voice broke the silence. I turned away, staring blankly out the window at the city lights of Manhattan.
"You have already forced this marriage upon me," I mumbled, my voice barely a whisper. "You can't force anything more."
Before this entanglement, there had been an undeniable spark between us—a fire of genuine interest. Now, I tried to convince myself I felt only resentment. Yet, as he stood there, I couldn't deny the subtle, persistent pull I felt toward him. It was a quiet magnetic force, wrecking my resolve from within.
I heard his footsteps approaching. Before I could react, he was standing directly in front of me.
"You're right," he said, his tone surprisingly indifferent. "I can't force your heart. But I can do this." Without another word, Levi scooped me off the bed, cradling me securely in his arms. I let out a small yelp of protest, my hands instinctively clutching his shoulders to steady myself.
"Put me down, Levi! I am not a prize to be moved around!"
"You have two choices, Kenya," he said, his stern gaze meeting mine. "One, you come with me quietly and maintain your dignity before the staff. Or, you can protest all the way down the hall, and I will still be carrying you regardless."
I panted with indignation, my jaw tightening. Something in the sheer determination of his gaze told me he wasn't backing down. I fell silent.
He walked us out of the room and across the hall, eventually entering the sprawling, modern kitchen. It was a masterpiece of black marble, stainless steel, and warm wood tones—a reflection of his sophisticated, albeit cold, taste.
Levi gently deposited me onto the smooth surface of the kitchen island.
"Tamar informed me that you refused dinner," he said simply, turning to the refrigerator. He began pulling out ingredients: tomatoes, fresh lettuce, and some roasted chicken. I watched him, my anger slowly being replaced by a flicker of curiosity.
As he began to move around the kitchen with practiced ease, chopping vegetables and boiling water, the silence between us grew less heavy.
"I didn't know you could cook," I finally admitted.
Truthfully, I had intended to hop off the island and walk away the moment he set me down. But I found myself captivated by his focus. He moved with a grace that was unexpected for a man of his stature. The aroma of the sauce—a rich blend of tomatoes and red wine—began to fill the room, and despite my resolve, my stomach betrayed me with a quiet rumble.
"We didn't always have a house full of staff," he replied, a faint, almost boyish smile playing at the corners of his lips.
Our gazes held for a moment, and I felt a strange flutter in my chest. I quickly looked down, my eyes catching on his forearms. His sleeves were rolled up, revealing strong, tan skin and the steady focus of a man who knew what he was doing. My gaze lingered on a tattoo on his inner forearm—an intricate image of the Blessed Virgin standing over a pair of strikingly green, feminine eyes.
"Your tattoo... it's extraordinary," I said sincerely, leaning in slightly.
"Thank you," he said softly. He drained the pasta and added the chicken and spices to the simmering vegetable sauce. After a long pause, as if weighing whether to share more, he continued, "They are my mother’s eyes."
He turned off the stove and reached for the plates. A shadow of bitterness crossed his face as he added, "We were all expected to carry something... extraordinary. This was my choice."
I wondered who the 'we' referred to, but his expression remained guarded. He placed a steaming plate of pasta before me. The flavors were a revelation—savory, rich, and comforting. For a few minutes, my anxiety and indignation vanished, replaced by the simple, grounding pleasure of a good meal.
When I finished, I realized Levi was watching me with a look of quiet amusement. Feeling a flush of embarrassment at how eagerly I had eaten, I searched for something to say.
"You can have my portion if you're still hungry," he offered with a small smile.
I shook my head, feeling a rare, genuine smile touch my own lips. "I couldn't eat another bite, as much as I’d like to."
He chuckled softly and began to eat his own meal. We sat there in a newfound silence—not one of war, but of a temporary, fragile truce.
After the meal, the atmosphere shifted. Levi reached into the pocket of his slacks and pulled out a small, long velvet box. He didn't say a word as he opened it to reveal a delicate diamond chain, designed to be worn around the thigh.
"This is the final piece of your ensemble for the gala tomorrow," he said, his voice dropping to that low, commanding register.
I looked at the shimmering diamonds, then at him. "Levi, this is too much."
"It is exactly what is required," he countered. He knelt before me as I sat on the island. The cool metal of the chain touched my skin, a stark contrast to the warmth of the kitchen. There was no crudeness in his actions, only a meticulous, almost reverent attention to detail as he fastened the clasp.
The weight of the diamonds against my skin felt like another vow, another mark of the world he was determined to keep me in. When he finished, he looked up at me, his eyes dark with an intensity that made my breath hitch.
When he carried me back upstairs later, I didn't protest. I leaned my head against his shoulder, watching his handsome profile in the dim light, wondering which version of the man holding me was the real one—the one who cooked for me in the dead of night, or the one who marked me with diamonds.
###Chapter 27: You Are My Queen...

***Levi.***

Inside the room, I slid her down my body, gently. Our gazes locked.

I locked the door and came to stand before her. So close, her scent mesmerized my senses.

Taking all her clothes off, until she was naked before my eyes, I shifted back a step and raked lazy eyes over her beautiful body. She was gorgeous!My Nymph! Mine to behold. Her hips, widely spread, full breasts and her large nipples, bare for my vision. My groin tightened in delicious pleasure.

Gently, I wrapped my fingers around her wrist and pulled her towards the bathroom.


We reached the bathroom and I silently undressed. My massive cock, hard for her. I raised my eyes to hers and saw her swallow. I smiled,hoping she wasn't frightened. I was large, I knew that. Women I had had before usually stretched for me. At 6 ft 2 inches, I always had any other woman with nothing attached. But with Kenya, I found my heart reacting in ways I had never experienced. My body excited to see her. Being with her.

I sauntered towards her and turned her around, pressing her towards my front. My hard cock, prodding the divide of her beautiful broad arse.I trailed lazy fingers along her arms, her sides. Her satin skin, fevered beneath me.She was reacting to my touch. She lulled her head to the side and I kissed her long, elegant neck. I grazed the shell of her ear. Pulling away, I led her to the enormous tub,steam filling the bathroom.

She stood there, gazing at the water. Hesitant. I sensed her fear and went to the water,Testing it.
"Come join me. The water is still warm." I turned to face her.

She hesitated a bit. But she held my gaze and came over.

The water rippled as she entered, our skin glistening as we stood in the water. I reached her, picked up the lavender wash and washed us both,intimately.

In the bedroom, I sat her before the vanity. Walking to the closet, picking up a black lace and silk dress.


I stood behind her, as she gazed at me from the mirror. Her naked skin glowed under the light. I wish I could read her mind. I pulled out a drawer of the vanity and jewelry sets I got her glimmered. Diamonds,sapphires, rubies. Slipping the dress over her body,I said.

"A beauty. That is what you are. Delicate. One to be celebrated,"I whispered, softly. My fingers trailing the hot skin of her arms, neck and jawline.


"You are Aphrodite. You should always be draped in silks and swathed in diamonds."


I carried one of the diamonds. It had intricate gold vines and a diamond gemstone.She touched it.


"I don't need alI these," she muttered. I came around and knelt beforeher.

"Indulge me, Kenya." My eyes glimmered with adoration. "Just for this moment, I am your pliant slave and you..."

"Me what?" She whispered, expectantly.

I smiled, "You are my Queen."
Her lips parted. Her breath uneven. Her eyes glassy with desire.

"I want you to have me,Levi."

Her request, simple. Yet it charged an intense desire, so strong that I wondered if I remembered how to breathe.


"You don't know how much I have wanted to hear that all day." My words caressed her.

Lowering my lips to hers, Iclaimed her mouth in a hungry kiss. A kiss laced with an undercurrent of my desire. KKenya's kiss had an equal fervor.She moaned. Her fingers, shaking.

Rising, I carried her in my arms and led us to the silk-covered bed. Not breaking the kiss.

We kissed hungrily. The passion deepening. I ripped her dress. She gasped in horror.


"You have more in the closet, trust me." I teased. God, I liked how she wanted me. How her body yielded to me. She was a tease.

Pulling the ripped dress lower, I resumed the kisses. My fingers found her nipples. She hissed, as I pinched one nipple. Then moved to the other.I increased the intensity of the pinch. Squeezing and nipping. She moaned,cried. Squirmed. Her sounds sent jolts to my already engorged cock. Her fingers scratching me. I bunched up her dress and trailedI my fingers along one thigh, inching closer. Until I reached the middle of her thighs. Bare and ready as I expected.

"You're wet for me.,," I whispered, the words brushing against Kenya's skin.
She didn't need to answer. The answer was damp on my fingers. I sucked both her nipples. Starting out weak at first, before the intensity increased.My deft fingers, found her wet, sweet puckered pearl, stroking it in rhythm to my sucks on her nipples. A feeling of waves rippled through me. I was greedy for more.


She cringed and moaned to my wicked acts. I gave a throaty groan,pleasure fully ignited in me. Her hips rocked to the rhythm of my fingers,her cum flooding my fingers.

I lifted her dress and lowered myself to her wet, warm center. Her scent,tangy, savory. In one lick, my tongue feasted on her. Eating her. Tasting her.She was sweet.

Kenya cried. Her head writhing. I drank her in. Sucking.Stroking with my tongue.Circling. She tasted of tang and sweet and salt. She even spoke French. My little wife spoke French.


I felt her quicken. Her passion was reaching its heights, and I was at its door,ready to drink her all in.

"Levi!" She cried. Finally surrendering to the throes of passion. Her nectar gushed with life as it spilled into my waiting tongue.

"I would have drunk you fully, but I need you wet for me to have you whole."


"Have me...?" She whispered.

I smiled. My eyes tender as I watched her, kissing her. I nudged her legs apart, settling my cock at her entrance.

"This would only sting for tonight, my Queen. Tomorrow, and forever,will be pleasure,"
###Chapter 28: Surrendering..

***Kenya***.

Somehow, those words made me less confused. Even the apprehension that suddenly surfaced, dissipated. I nodded my head in understanding and let myself relax.


I had never gone this far with any man before. I had been kissed twice by boys in high school. Actually, on both occasions, they had asked me to pay them,so they could kiss me. I never asked for a kiss in high school again.
*I just remembered that. Wow! The doctor was right.*

Raising one of my legs, Levi positioned himself before my wet entrance. I trusted him.


He guided his fingers into my wet entrance, toying subtly with my delicate pearl, until I cringed and moaned again.

Kissing me softly, he guided himself slowly and painfully,through my pliant entrance. I whimpered as my sheath, tight, warm and so soft,stretched. Pain searing through. But I continued to trust him, because I knew he had me. I was safe. And when he reached my barrier he intensified the kiss, distracting my pain with his fingers on my pearl again.

Pleasure from those fingers, I felt him deftly thrust. Fully buried to the hilt within me.


I screamed, but it was swallowed in Levi's kiss. My whimpers muffled in his breath. My eyes were clutched tight from the agony I felt being invaded whole for the first time. And my body trembled. He had tactfully held my hands above my head, knowing that I was going to struggle,once he went in. And only now that he was fully inside me did he release me
to find my pearl again. I shook beneath Levi, tears rolling down the sides of my face. Even as he continued to hold on to the kiss. All the strength in me to fight was gone. All pleasure drained.

Finding my pearl again with his fingers, Levi began quiet strokes, and soon I began to relax again. My hips rocked to the rhythm of his fingers. I had seen his cock earlier, and I had wondered how all that was to enter me. Large, full and beautiful. Now it was buried in me.


I suddenly remembered his vow at the wedding and I wondered if this was what he meant, that I would never lack even his attention.


He resumed moving himself within me with his cock. Mimicking the strokes of his fingers. Thrusting. Stretching me fully and at the same time,rolling inside me. I rocked my hips, dancing in rhythm to his moves,innocuously. And soon, something unbidden, that threatened to rock me whole, mounted within me. I panted softly, moaning as the swirls of ecstasy climbed me. I was engulfed whole. He was my pleasure. This was everything in one; sweet, painful all at once. And I couldn't find the sense to stop. I didn't want to stop. I was surrendering. Wishing this never ended.


Levi kissed me some more and continued to thrust himself at a slow pace within me, knowing that my body was still getting used to him. He was completely gentle. Patient as he led me on. Even when I knew that it was my first time. I was moving my hips to his rhythmic pace. Pleasure mounted within me. Threatening to burst through me any minute. I felt myself reaching the point I had reached when he sucked me. Clenched his tongue to my pearl. And pleasure soared inside me. Levi played this out longer and slowed his strokes some more. I was ready to touch the top.and he increased his strokes and added his fingers. Circles and strokes and circles. Not leaving any stone unattended.
"Levi...Levi...I can't hold on...I want to...I want..." I cried repeatedly,uncertain of my needs. Kissing him deeply, my cry a plea to him, Levi leaned into her ear.


"Come for me, Baby. Just surrender..." He breathed.He groaned.

His gasps came rapidly now. His breathing uneven. And without a second thought, I found my release and allowed myself to unwind around my husband. My cry of release earning him a release of his own. Drawing a guttural cry of satisfaction from his lips, my name, a sweet plea on his lips as he spilled within me. His cock throbbing.


We clung together like that, after we were spent. Sheen of sweat on our bodies. Levi sprawled on top of me, as we relished in the moment. His skin, soft and manly. Warm and sweet. Pulling himself slowly out of me,he lay on his back on the bed and hauled me closer to him. Exhaustion washed over us.


"When did you learn French?" Levi asked, after our breathing had evened.

Inhaling softly, I replied, "French was one of my favorite subjects in high school. And when we reached Manhattan school of the arts, we were all asked to add a foreign language to our classes."


"You remembered that part of you." Levi observed, smiling above my head.I shrugged.


"One more question. How did you remain a virgin until tonight?"I wondered if he had been curious to know since he first discovered this part of me. But there hadn't been any chance for us to be alone. And now,it just felt right to know.

"My virginity had been my only asset, I guess. Something that I had come
to treasure,considering my limp and how others saw me." I smiled.I was remembering some things. That was something. The doctor had assured us of my gradual recovery a week back when we had spoken over the phone. At least this was something.


"You remember this part of you1," he said, triumphantly. I had been so sad when I had struggled to recall certain bits of me after the incident.And now, I was at rest, knowing that I would fully recover someday.

"I don't know if it's a memory thing." I shrugged again. "Some things are just ingrained in you, from the day life gets exposed to you." I smiled again.
###Chapter 29: My Anchor...

***Levi.***

I found myself inside a dumpster, my refuge for so long that I had lost count of time.


Only the smeIl of rotten flesh and blood assaulted my nostrils. The lid, far away. Fear gripping me.


Alarmed, I started gasping for air, struggling to escape the crush of the broken bodies that buried me. I yelled, but my voice was choked. A bloodied rag gagged me.

Helpless. I reached my feet for the wall of the dumpster closest to me.Pounding against the wall, the soft thud of my feet echoed around me.I whimpered. My body trembled uncontrollably.

Just when my feet slackened, a voice called me. First, I thought it was my imagination.But the sound came again, and he expectantly raised my head.grunting. Then the lid opened and light streamed in from outside,dazzling my eyes.

Calling my name softly, standing on the surface was no other than Kenya.Her face was bright, like an angel of light as she smiled down at me.She was dressed in her wedding garment, giving a tender look at me. I gazed at her,bewildered.


"Give me your hand, Levi." She requested, cautiously, extending what l recognized as her wedding veil.

Her eyes penetrated me. Tearing down walls that I had built around me,Somehow. I was a fifteen-year-old boy again. My hands young as 1
instinctively extended them, grabbing the veil. Though I doubted it's tensile strength, I found myself eagerly grasping the veil. Hoping that it would pull me out of this sunken abyss. Fresh waves of hope inundated me, as I was pulled into a radiant light. *Kenya*.

"Kenya." I muttered, my eyes abruptly opening. Evidence of dawn streaming in.


My body quivered in the aftermath of the familiar vision as I lay in bed.wrapped in sheets. Thank God it was a dream, I breathed,sitting up on the bed. The same dream I had since I was an adolescent. Only this time,the face of my rescuer became distinct.*Kenya, his wife*.

Sighing deeply, I swung my legs around the bed. My toes curled taut at the tension that surged inside me. I tried to rein in my emotions, but a familiar fear, gripped me.

*"Think of beautiful things, my love,"* my late Mum's voice echoed inside me, like it used to when the nightmares started.

Instinctively, I pushed the nightmare, fishing for anything pleasant.

Then, like a gust of air to a dying fish, the scent of my wife filled me. A certain peace inundated me.

Realizing my surroundings, I looked at the bed and found her spot empty.In my bid to escape the hellish dream, I hadn't realized my surroundings Only a blotch of crimson graced her sleeping spot.

*Where was she?*

Rising to my feet. I decided to go for a run. A welcome distraction.

Outside, dressed for a run on the sandy beach in a pair of navy blue
nicker joggers, matching sneakers, my bare sculpted torso and shades, I broke into a run. A couple of girls watched me as I ran. But my heart was elsewhere. Having that effect on women, since forever. Even with my status, I still turned heads. My toned body, always in perfect form. My personal trainer always kept track of my fitness. That's what I paid him for,right?


I ran a great distance, the sun warming my burnished skin, which I inherited from my mum's side of the family.


I arrived at the beach in no time, with others exercising on the beach.

When I first had that nightmare, I had been new in the world I had found myself. A world filled with darkness. A darkness that had slowly swallowed me whole, leaving nothing behind.

Over the years, I had seen the darkness as an extension of me. My shadow.
My refuge. ... Slowly, the nightmares became my identity. An embraced life.


But this time, my body didn't wish to accept the nightmares. Something in me suddenly protested. I wanted to hang on to the anchor of light I had seen in my dream. I wanted to banish the darkness. Kenya, my anchor.

Running, my chest burning from the exertion, I found myself slowing as an enthralling sight halted me.

My wife,dressed in a pristine wispy dress, danced a few steps ahead. A small audience gathered, watching her, oblivious to her.

Fascinated, I took leisurely steps in her direction, Catching a whiff of her scent mixed with the sea breeze, as I drew closer, My stirred senses,sending jolts of electricity through my body.
Memories of our steaming passion the previous night, flooded back.Pleasure sent to my core. Kenya was a soft sight for my tormented soul.The sun's rays splayed around her, in combination of her innocuous appearance. gave her an ethereal look. An Angel of light, like my dream.

No audible sound as she danced. But she had on a pair of white ear pods.Pride soared in me, as she danced. Even the sands fell to her feet. The small crowd,enraptured.


Just then, she missed a step, tripping to the floor. Gasps went round,as I rushed to her side in no time. Alarmed. I lowered myself to the ground,checking her for any signs of pain. I saw the look of surprise in her eyes.

Slowly, I raised us both to our feet. Her body felt so soft and right beneath my fingers.


"Are you alright?" I asked tenderly.

My full height towered over her. She was beautiful, even at this time of the morning. No makeup on. Her hair, in a bun, was soft and moist, with traces of curls. Her sun-kissedI skin glowed. Or was it the morning after glow? I mischievously smiled.


Helplessly, I found myself closing the distance between us. I lowered my lips gently to hers and claimed them in a sensual kiss. She yielded. Her lips parted of her own accord. Delectable, mine to relish, forever.
###Chapter 30: A New Identity...

Levi.
The world faded into insignificance as we stood there on the beach. For a moment, there was no past, no secrets—just the two of us.
Slowly, Kenya pulled away, her breathing shallow as she looked into my eyes. "Last night changed nothing, Levi," she whispered, her voice carrying a chill that cut through the warm sea breeze.
I watched her expressionlessly, then a dark, knowing smile touched my lips.
“But it did, Kenya. You only need to accept it.” I reached out, my finger tracing the line of her jaw with a tenderness that belied the tension between us. I could see the conflict in her eyes—the battle between her resolve and the undeniable connection that had sparked into a flame the night before.
Her eyes widened, betrayed by a flicker of that very connection she tried so hard to deny. Without another word, she stooped to retrieve one of her earpods from the sand where it had fallen, then turned and walked briskly toward the house. She left me standing there, with nothing but the fading scent of her perfume and the echoing silence of the shore.
I returned to the house an hour later, only to be informed by Tamar that Kenya had gone out. She hadn't left word of her destination. A surge of irritation rose in me at her continued defiance, and I made a clipped, urgent call to Blake.
After a few minutes of impatient pacing in my study, my phone buzzed.
Blake: "Mrs. Ruthford is at her mother's residence. Arrived twenty minutes ago via cab. I have a detail nearby; would you like them to maintain an active watch?"
Relieved, I sent a brief reply to stand down but stay alert. Satisfied that she was safe, I headed for a cold shower, letting the water wash away the lingering heat of my frustration.
Kenya.
But he is not who he claims to be, a voice had shrieked in my head when Levi kissed me earlier.
The night before, I had allowed myself to get lost in him, to experience a depth of feeling I never knew existed. My heart had betrayed my reason. How could I live with a man who operated in such shadows? A man whose hands might be stained with the very justice he claimed to uphold?
"Sweetheart, you should be enjoying your honeymoon, rather than spending your afternoon hidden away with me," my mother teased, her whisper pulling me back to the present. She gave me a knowing look as the other five women in her living room chatted animatedly.
I managed a nervous smile, my eyes drifting to a vase of fresh roses on the side table. I had lost track of time, but I didn't care. Any moment spent away from Levi’s overwhelming presence felt like a chance to breathe.
It was Wednesday—the day of my mother's Bible Club meeting. They had just finished their study and were moving on to refreshments. I knew my mother was bursting to talk about my wedding, but I had practically begged her for discretion, citing Levi’s need for privacy.
I watched the women around us, all enjoying chicken sandwiches and coffee. I wondered how they would react if they knew the truth of my life now. I wasn't even sure I wanted their congratulations.
“Kenya, darling,” a voice broke through my thoughts. It was Mrs. Ramirez, a kind-faced woman who had become a close friend of my mother’s. “I saw your performance on television. The way you moved... it was absolutely explosive! You were magnificent.”
“Yes, Kenya,” Mrs. Fitzgerald added. “As soon as your mother told me you were visiting, I wanted to come and tell you myself. I wish you still lived here in Malibu; I’d ask you to tutor my daughter in a heartbeat.”
I forced a smile, my heart heavy. If only they knew the cost of that performance.
“Is it true you’re seeing Mr. Ruthford?” Mrs. Cliff blurted out suddenly. “The handsome Senatorial candidate? I saw a gossip column mentioning you two.”
A sudden silence fell over the room as every pair of eyes turned to me in anticipation. I fumbled for words, feeling the old urge to cower, to hide.
“Ladies, we aren't here to gossip about my daughter,” my mother intervened, sensing my discomfort.
But I wasn't a little girl anymore. A memory flashed in my mind—of being bullied on a playground, of running to my mother’s arms because I felt small and broken. I realized then that I had spent my whole life being an object of pity—the girl who struggled, the girl who was 'lucky to survive.'
I felt a sudden, fierce wave of resolve. I was a woman now. I was married, whether I had chosen the circumstances or not. It was time to stop running. It was time to find my leverage.
“It’s no problem, Mom,” I said, my voice surprisingly calm.
My hand went to my left ring finger, where I had turned the large, princess-cut diamond inward to hide it. Now, I turned it back, letting the light catch the brilliant stone.
“As a matter of fact, ma’am,” I said, addressing Mrs. Cliff, “we are more than just in a relationship.”
A collective gasp went around the room.
“As of yesterday, I became the wife of Levi Ruthford,” I announced. I felt a tremor of emotion, but I kept my head high. “We wanted to keep the ceremony private for a time, which is why my mother was so hesitant to speak.”
I turned to see my mother watching me with a mixture of pride and tears in her eyes.
For the first time in my life, I wasn't being looked at with sympathy or mockery. I was an object of intrigue, of genuine admiration. It was a strange, thrilling sensation. Even though I was still at war with my husband and the secrets he kept, a silver lining began to emerge.
I was going to carve out a space for myself in this new world. I was no longer just Kenya Anderson, the girl who fought for a spot at the back of the stage. I was Mrs. Levi Ruthford. I had a new identity, and I was going to make it an identity worthy of respect—and a position from which I could finally fight back.
###Chapter 31: Secret Wedding At Malibu!

***Kenya.***

*Evening...Same day.*

6 PM. A long time had passed since I left the house, hours ago. I was exhausted.


After the cab left, I checked my phone for any missed calls from Levi.None but messages and missed calls from my friends. Disappointed, I.knocked the door.


Entering the house, I was greeted by an odd tension. *Something was off*

I walked further in. Levi's voice and another, mumbling. I came to stand in the doorway of the living room, pleased to see Blake alive and well.I thought he would have been vaporised by Levi or something. The TV blared with a news item.


“***Levi Ruthford's Secret Wedding at Malibu!”***

***“Our sources revealed that Levi Ruthford was seen with his new bride,both brandishing their wedding bands in the Malibu sun.”***

The face of the news anchor, gave way for a photo of both of us in a passionate kiss earlier in morning at the beach.

I gasped, catching the attention of my husband. I wondered how he had heard the sound. Was he expecting me? A deep smile split his handsome face, as he extended a hand to me. I yielded to the pull, holding his emerald gaze. My short pale blue, thigh length dress, teasing my bare thighs.I drew close and
his hand possessively held the small of my back. His signature bergamot and citrus scent, teasing me.

“Hello Blake." I greeted. I remembered that awful night at Dave's office.

"Pardon me. Mrs Ruthford. A good evening to you as well. I am sorry I didn't hear you come in." Blake greeted with a warm smile, his eyes holding something there. Apology or regret, I wasn't sure. I nodded,trying to dispel my distaste for both men.

"When did you come into Malibu?”I asked.

“Oh,hours ago,Mrs Ruthford...”

“Please, call me Kenya.” I cut in, softly. I caught a brief unreadable look pass between Levi and Blake.

“Am afraid I can't do that, Mrs Ruthford." Blake admitted apologetically.Levi spared me a warning look. Then he turned to the Television. The air,thick as I grew incensed. He was controlling my life.

“Forgive me for not getting you a wedding present as the wedding came very abruptly." Blake's voice broke into the ice.

"I would like to use this chance to congratulate you."He smiled.

I forced a smile. Levi piped up the volume, ending the conversation.

***"The new Mrs Ruthford is no other than the latest belle of the Manhattan theater, the former Miss Kenya Anderson. An employee of Byron's dance company, owned by Dave Byron. Our sources tell us that she equally works at a small dance school, J'aime, owned by Claudine Bark.which was recently gutted down by fire."***
A photo of me dancing with little children at the dance school,filled the screen.


"How did they get these?" I muttered, shocked.

"We've managed to track down the persons at the beach that tookthe shots.” Levi revealed, crisply.

I could sense his palpable tension in our entwined fingers. I feared for those persons.

"What would you do to them, Levi? Am sure they had no idea what they were about." I desperately pleaded.

Levi paused and gave me an intense gaze. His eyes searched mine and I wondered if for once he recognized my pain.My fear.

"I wouldn't do anything out of the ordinary, Kenya. I promise."

Levi assured, softly. I breathed easily. He pulled my palm and kissed inside it. The warmth from his soft lips tingled me. Evoking last night's memories.


Blake cleared his throat, interrupting the spell.


"The law suit against them might not be the only soluation, if I may add.The phones haven't been off the hook since this broke out. Trying to curtail the press, as well as pacify the party members, Sir." Blake stared with keen eyes at the both of us.

I suddenly wondered if that was the reason my phone had been buzzing this evening at Mum's place. Choosing to hide from the world, I hadn't given a thought to my phone, except for when I had scanned the screen for any missed calls from Levi. I flushed.
“What do you suggest?" Levi asked, interested.

He pulled me closer.

"Well, I suggest you both prepare yourselves for a welcome party tomorrow at New York.” Blake started, catching our attention.


"A formal wedding reception, where you would both be formally introduced as a couple to the world. The ballerina and the Business man that fell in love. Everyone will be appeased."

We flashed a knowing look.

*Fell in love?* I frowned.

*Our story was far from that. Deceit. Secrets. My stolen life. Nothing more.*

"It's perfect." Levi's voice camein soft. I turned a sharp gaze to him.

“But it's not.” I squeales. "We have no love between us, Levi. We would be lying." I protested. Levi tensed and turned to Blake, who stood mortified.


“Would you see to all the arrangements, Blake and leave us for now."Levi demanded, his eyes boring into me. Blake nodded and exited the room.

"Come with me.” Levi ordered, his voice cold. I turned a defiant gaze to him. “Please." He added. I hesitated a bit, before I nodded.

Leading the way, Levi wordlessly took me upstairs. Our shows echoing in the halls.


When we entered the room, I couldn't help but feel nostalgia from last night.
"I don't want to be here." I pleaded. The sound of the lock clicking turning me to face Levi, who stood menacingly in front of the door. Slowly,he closed the distance, taking his black long sleeved shirt off. His tattoo,flashing angrily.


"What are you doing?" My voice came above a whisper. My breath catching in my throat as I hungrily watched him. Levi was silent,tossing his shirt. His bare torso,toned.Hot.


Taking measured steps, he stood before me. Pressed against me.I struggled. My body already too weak to resist him.
###Chapter 32: The Psychological Price

Levi.
"You," my voice came out hoarse, vibrating with an intensity that seemed to rattle the very air between us. I pressed my forehead against hers, my breathing ragged. "You’ve been defiant, Kenya. And every action in this house has a consequence."
"What are you planning to do?" she asked, her voice trembling. A flash of alarm crossed her hazel eyes, but beneath it, I could see the answering spark of the same fire that was consuming me.
A slow, calculated smile crossed my lips. She shivered as my gaze darkened, tracing the elegant lines of her face.
"This is for the way you challenge every boundary I set," I whispered, my voice dropping to a low, magnetic hum. I leaned in, my kisses punctuating every word—sharp, brief, and demanding. She let out a soft, broken sound, a mix of protest and surrender that only fueled my resolve.
"And this," I continued, "is for the audience you tried to create today. For forgetting whose world you now belong to."
I swept her up from the floor, and instinctively, she clung to me. The connection between us was a physical weight—intense, hungry, and undeniable. She was the center of my focus, the singular obsession that kept me grounded and drove me mad all at once.
When we reached the bed, I laid her back against the red silk. We were lost in a chaotic dance of shadows and heat. Our hands were restless, searching for a closeness that words couldn't provide. The air was thick with the scent of her perfume and the raw, electric energy of two people who were as much enemies as they were lovers.
I traced the curve of her jaw with my lips, my touch firm and possessive. Every movement was designed to overwhelm her senses, to make her forget the defiance she had worn like armor all day. She moved beneath me, her breath hitching, her voice calling my name in a plea that echoed through the quiet room.
I watched her—truly watched her—noticing the way her eyes clouded with a haze of longing. I had chosen every piece of fine lace she wore, hand-picking them to frame her beauty, and seeing her now, caught in this storm of our own making, I felt a surge of dark satisfaction.
But then, just as the tension reached its breaking point, I pulled back.
Kenya.
My heart was racing, my skin flushed with the heat of the moment. My body was a live wire, surging with a pleasure that made my head spin. I called Levi's name, my voice a desperate rasp in the silence.
I was ready to surrender, to let the waves of emotion carry me away. I felt the weight of his presence, the intensity of his gaze, and I prepared myself for the final bridge to be crossed.
But instead of the completion I craved, I felt a sudden chill. The atmosphere shifted abruptly.
I opened my eyes, my senses slowly returning as the haze cleared. Levi was standing at the edge of the bed, adjusting his cuffs, watching me with hooded, unreadable eyes. He looked perfectly composed, while I was a mess of tangled silk and shattered nerves.
"Aren't you... aren't you going to..." I trailed off, my voice small and vulnerable.
"Finish this?" he finished for me, a cold, mischievous smile playing on his lips.
"I don't understand," I said, sitting up, clutching the silk sheets to my chest. I hoped he was merely teasing, that this was some cruel part of the game.
"You desire your release, don't you?" He fixed a dark, penetrating gaze on me. "I desire a true union, Kenya. A partnership where you don't give me half-measures or hidden resentments. Until you are ready to give me all of you—your loyalty as well as your presence—I will give you exactly what you give me."
His words stung like a physical blow. Realization hit me, and a wave of heat that had nothing to do with desire washed over me. It was shame. Pure, stinging shame.
Wordlessly, Levi grabbed a fresh shirt and walked toward the door. He didn't spare me another glance.
The door shut with a finality that made me flinch. I had thought I was the one playing him, that my resistance would cause him misery. Instead, he had turned the tables, leaving me stranded in the wake of my own emotions.
Levi: 1, Kenya: 0.
How was I supposed to hurt a man who knew my weaknesses better than I knew his? To succeed, to truly cause him the misery he had brought into my life, I needed to do more than resist. I needed to unravel him. I had to solve the mystery of Levi Ruthford bit by bit, until I found the crack in his armor. I had to shatter him from within.
I buried my face in the pillow and let out a muffled cry of pure frustration. I hated how much I still craved him, despite the coldness of his actions. The remnants of that intense fire still coursed through me, leaving me restless and aching.
As I lay there, trying to regain my composure, my phone buzzed in the purse I’d tossed aside earlier. I reached for it, my eyes blurring with unshed tears. Amidst the dozens of messages from colleagues and friends asking about the wedding news, one message from an unknown number caught my eye.
Unknown Number: "Hi. I saw your photos at Times Square a couple of days ago. You are breathtakingly beautiful. Did you know that? Good night."
I stared at the screen. In the midst of the psychological warfare I was fighting with my husband, this simple, harmless compliment felt like a lifeline. It was a flicker of something different—something kind.
Like a moth to a flame, I let my fingers hover over the keypad and typed back:
Me: "Thank you very much."
###Chapter 33: If You Keep Staring...

Kenya.
It was Thursday, the following day—barely 48 hours since I had officially become a Ruthford. I expected to feel different, as if a switch had been flipped, but I only felt a lingering sense of displacement.
I gazed through the window at the lush, rolling landscape of Irvington. As the SUV glided toward the Ruthford family estate, just a short drive from the frantic energy of Manhattan, the beauty of the Hudson Valley began to unfold. The village was nestled beneath a canopy of towering ancient trees, providing a welcoming distraction. The architecture was captivating, each home a testament to a bygone era of elegance.
I couldn't suppress a flicker of excitement as we neared our destination. I had tried to mask my intrigue from Levi earlier that morning, but his sharp eyes had caught the momentary softening of my expression. When I retreated back into my wall of indifference, he had simply let it be, though a knowing glint remained in his gaze.
Sitting beside him now, I pointedly focused on my phone rather than his striking presence. He was dressed casually in a blue T-shirt and black jeans, his blazer draped over the seat. Despite my resentment, I couldn't deny the magnetic pull he exerted. He looked rugged and composed, a stark contrast to the internal turmoil I was navigating.
"If you keep staring like that, you might miss the actual view," Levi’s teasing voice broke the silence.
I startled, heat flooding my cheeks. Caught in the act, I hastily returned my attention to my screen. A text arrived from Andrea, asking about the dress code for the evening’s reception. I huffed, irritated by the reminder. I had invited my colleagues—even Claudine and Dave—to the party. My mother and Amanda couldn't make it, which felt like a small mercy given the circumstances.
My phone hadn't stopped buzzing since the news broke. I had repeated the same script so many times I was sure I’d recited it in my sleep: "Yes, I am Mrs. Ruthford." "Yes, it was a whirlwind romance." "We look forward to seeing you at the reception."
The memory of last night still burned—the way he had sparked a fire within me only to walk away, leaving me in a state of restless frustration. It was a calculated move, one that left me feeling both indignant and inexplicably drawn to him.
A call from my mother interrupted my thoughts.
"Hi, Mom," I answered, trying to sound normal. But the sound of her sobbing on the other end immediately set off alarm bells. "Mom, what’s wrong? Why are you crying?"
"Why didn't you tell me you were hurt a month ago, J'aime?" she cried. My heart sank. How did she find out? "I saw it on the news. They spoke about the fire, about how Levi took you to the hospital..."
I closed my eyes, guilt gnawing at me. "I should have told you, Mom. I just didn't want you to worry."
"Is Levi with you?" she asked.
I handed the phone to Levi. I couldn't hear the details of their conversation, but his tone was calm and reassuring. By the time he handed the phone back, she seemed soothed.
"What did you say to her?" I asked.
"I told her I would protect you from any further negative publicity," he said softly, putting aside his laptop to focus entirely on me. He reached out and took my hand. His warmth was a comfort I hated to admit I needed. "My PR team is handling everything. After tonight, the narrative will change."
His words were steady and persuasive. For a moment, I allowed myself to believe him. But as the car pulled into the Hudson Coast, I couldn't ignore the cost of this arrangement. He had rescued me, yes, but at what price?
My phone beeped again. Unknown number: "Hey beautiful! I hope you are smiling. Just wanted to make sure you keep that smile on, no matter what." 11:20 am.
A small, genuine smile touched my lips. Me: "I just did. Thank you."
###Chapter 34: A Life For A Life...

Levi.
The Ruthford estate was a sprawling 200-acre expanse of luxury on the Hudson Coast. As we passed through the gates, the sight of the grand 19th-century architecture and the lush greenery always stirred something deep within me.
I was born here. This was my world until I was fifteen, when my father passed away and left my mother and me with nothing. We had been forced into the harsh reality of Hell's Kitchen, a far cry from the gilded halls of my childhood.
"The river is just beyond those trees," I remarked, watching Kenya’s fascination. Relief washed over me; I had been anxious about how she would react to my home.
We had sat in a heavy silence since leaving the plane. It pained me to know that my actions had disrupted the fragile peace we once shared. Earlier, when I told her we were going to Irvington, her excitement had been plain to see. I looked forward to showing her every corner of this place.
"How were you able to get the mansion back?" she asked, her voice filled with a mix of wonder and caution.
I froze. The memories of the years I spent clawing my way back to the top threatened to surface. I hesitated, wondering how much of my past I was ready to share.
"You don't have to tell me," she muttered, sensing my withdrawal.
The car stopped, and the staff began unloading our bags. Another SUV pulled up, and Blake stepped out with my security detail. Seeing the tension between Kenya and me, he excused himself to oversee the arrangements inside.
I turned to her. She looked radiant in a simple lace blouse and white jeans. "This estate, like many others here, was lost to liquidation years ago," I said, my voice thick with emotion. "I spent years working to buy it back. To restore what was taken from my family. That’s all that matters now."
It was a sanitized version of the truth. I had gone through hell to earn the millions required to reclaim my legacy.
"Mr. Ruthford, the President is on line one," Blake interrupted. I nodded, grateful for the distraction, and headed toward the house.
Kenya.
"He isn't a bad man, Mrs. Ruthford," Blake said from beside me, startling me.
I turned to him, my anger rising at the formality. "He took control of my life, Blake. How is that not 'bad'?"
"He did what he felt was necessary," Blake replied. "I am bound to support him. Our bond goes deeper than just work."
"How deep?" I asked, curious.
"A life for a life," Blake stated simply, before walking away.
His words chilled the air. I decided to walk toward the river to clear my head. The path was lined with old trees, and the scent of the water was invigorating. I sat on a lone bench, watching the current. The water flowed without inhibition, free and powerful. I envied it. I had been free once, before Levi Ruthford became the force that redirected my life—a man I found myself craving even as I tried to resist him.
"A life for a life," I whispered to the wind.
###Chapter 35: Rights...

Kenya.
By seven in the evening, I found myself seated before the grand vanity mirror in the master suite. The room was a sanctuary of cream silk and polished marble, every corner a testament to Levi Ruthford’s impeccable, albeit cold, taste.
Spread across the bed was a masterpiece of couture—a shimmering burgundy halter-neck gown with an open back and a subtle, elegant slit. It was a dress designed for a queen, yet as I stared at it, I felt a wave of anxiety. To the world, I was to be the poised, perfect wife of a rising political star. To myself, I felt like a beautiful lie, a performer forced into a role I hadn't auditioned for.
The afternoon had been a blur of briefings with the PR team and jewelry selections. While they were professional and kind, their presence only reinforced the feeling that I was an intruder in my own life, a project to be managed.
The stylist finished my hair, securing a sophisticated chignon with delicate diamond accents. Just as I was about to reach for the dress, a firm knock echoed through the room. Levi entered, looking devastatingly sharp in a tailored black tuxedo. His presence always seemed to shrink the room, drawing all the air toward him. His eyes swept over me, and despite my resentment, I felt the familiar, involuntary pulse of awareness.
"Would you excuse us for a moment?" he asked the stylist, his voice calm but brook no argument. Once the door clicked shut, he approached me.
"I’m not here to argue," he said, noticing the way I stiffened as he drew near. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small velvet box. Inside lay a delicate diamond chain, its brilliance catching the soft light of the chandeliers.
He knelt before me, a gesture that felt both reverent and possessive. Without asking, he reached for my hand, his touch light but firm as he guided me to sit. He fastened a beautiful diamond anklet around my leg. The cool metal against my skin was a sharp reminder of the wealth that now defined my existence. The intimacy of the moment was suffocating, a silent claim he was laying upon me.
Once finished, he stood and handed me a heavy leather file that had been resting on the vanity.
"What is this?" I asked, my voice barely a whisper.
"Documents for a new account in your name," he explained, his tone conversational, as if he were discussing a routine business deal. "You will have unlimited resources at your disposal. If there is something you want, or somewhere you wish to go, you will never have to ask for permission."
"I don't need your money, Levi," I murmured, my throat tightening as tears pricked my eyes. I felt a surge of insult. It felt like another attempt to buy my silence, to purchase my compliance with gold.
"It is yours by right as my wife," he insisted, his gaze softening, though his eyes remained unreadable.
"I don't want rights, Levi. I just want the life I had before you decided to break it," I spat, the words sharp with a pain I couldn't fully hide. Yet, even as I spoke, a treacherous part of me wanted to lean into him, to find safety in the very man who had orchestrated my captivity.
"Don't fight me tonight, Kenya. Please," he said, his thumb gently grazing my chin to lift my gaze to his. He leaned in, pressing a soft, lingering kiss to my forehead—a gesture of peace that felt more like a brand.
"I’ll wait for you downstairs. The guests are arriving, and the world is waiting to meet you."
He turned and left the room, leaving me alone with the diamonds, the documents, and the suffocating weight of my new reality.
###Chapter 36: You Look Beautiful...


Levi.
When I had handed her those documents, her blunt declaration that she didn't need my money had genuinely shocked me.
Looking into her eyes, I saw a fierce, independent spirit that ignited a profound admiration within me. She was determined and defiant—a woman who wasn't intoxicated by my title or my net worth. In my world, that was a first. Every other woman I had known seemed drawn to the gravity of the Ruthford name and wealth, but Kenya stood before me entirely unimpressed by my financial standing. It was stunning, and it only drew me in deeper.
The grand ballroom was alive, teeming with elite guests. The high attendance didn't surprise me, despite the short notice; the curiosity surrounding my sudden marriage was a powerful draw. Exquisitely dressed guests approached me with congratulations, though most couldn't hide their eagerness to meet the woman who had captured my heart. I kept my composure, though inwardly, I was anxious. I hoped Kenya would find it in her heart to grace my side as my wife, despite her reservations about our union.
I couldn't help but dwell on how she had looked earlier—the selection of her attire was a testament to her elegance. The delicate diamond chain I had fastened around her leg was a secret detail that kept my mind reeling. The memory of the intimacy we shared while I put it on was a quiet fire in my veins, making it difficult to focus on the idle chatter of the guests.
The moment she arrived, I felt the change in the room. The atmosphere became charged, and every eye turned toward the entrance.
When our gazes locked across the crowded room, I saw a flash of softness in her eyes, mixed with a hint of uncertainty. My heart soared. She was breathtakingly stunning, and a wave of pride washed over me. Seeing her there, wearing the jewelry I had chosen, I was struck by her radiance.
Then, I noticed her hesitation. As she realized all eyes were on her, her gait faltered slightly, her steps slowing as the pressure of the moment weighed on her. Without a second thought, I crossed the ballroom and reached her side in an instant.
“You look beautiful,” I whispered, my voice grazing her ear as I placed a possessive, supportive hand on her waist.
Guiding her with steady confidence, I led her to greet the guests who had been so anxiously awaiting her arrival.
Cameras clicked incessantly. I could sense the mixed emotions from some of the guests—the subtle prejudices of those who only valued their own social class. It revolted me, but I kept my mask of calm firmly in place. They wouldn't dare voice their opinions; I held too much influence over their interests for them to be anything but polite.
The guest list was a tapestry of dignitaries: top politicians, business moguls, and celebrities. The highlight of the evening was the arrival of the President and the First Lady. I watched Kenya’s eyes widen in amazement; perhaps the scale of my world was finally beginning to settle in.
“Hello William, Grace,” I greeted them warmly.
“Levi, Levi. You never cease to amaze me,” the President teased, shaking my hand firmly.
“I thought you two were close friends, yet you didn't give us even a hint that you were already hitched,” the First Lady added, her smile tender as she turned to Kenya. Grace was a woman of genuine kindness, and I could already see her sincere appreciation for my wife.
The President turned his focus to Kenya. “Mrs. Ruthford, I am pleased to finally meet you. You are a delight for sore eyes. Grace and I watched your performance on television recently, and I must confess, you are a truly gifted dancer.”
“Yes, you are, dear,” the First Lady agreed. “I was entranced by the grace of your movement. I am so happy Levi has finally found a partner to share his life with. William and I had almost given up hope on him ever settling down again.”
“Thank you, Mr. President, and to you, Ma'am. The pleasure is entirely mine,” Kenya responded with poise.
“Please, let’s drop the formality. We are practically family now,” the President insisted with a wave of his hand. “We must arrange a family dinner soon. What do you say, Grace?”
“That would be splendid,” she agreed, looking at her husband with affection.
“Just say when and where, and we’ll be there,” I declared, smiling as I kept a supportive hand on the small of Kenya’s back.
After the President and First Lady departed for another engagement, followed by their security detail, I let out a breath. “Well, that went exceptionally well,” I muttered, guiding Kenya toward the bar for some wine.
“Levi Ruthford!” a deep, familiar voice called out.
I recognized it immediately. When we turned, two of my favorite people were walking toward us. “Henry Macklesfield!” I called back, my excitement genuine.
Henry, my close friend and business associate, approached with his beautiful wife, Kirsten. They were perfectly dressed for the occasion, their style reflecting the high standards Henry and I both shared.
As they reached us, we exchanged warm greetings. After I made the formal introductions, I turned to Kirsten.
“Kirsten, you look absolutely radiant,” I remarked, placing a warm, platonic kiss on her cheek.
###Chapter 37: Awful Bride..



Kenya.
"Levi, you never stop being a tease," Kirsten remarked, her eyes shifting to me with a warm, knowing glint. "Never mind them, Kenya. You'll soon learn that the men in our husbands' circle possess a certain... dramatic flair."
Her husband, Henry Macklesfield, placed a hand on his chest feigning hurt, which drew a round of laughter from the group. I couldn't help but admire Kirsten. She possessed an effortless charisma—elegant, slightly curvy, with her hair beautifully braided and accented by a diamond pin. Her skin glowed with a hue similar to mine. Even Henry was striking, with auburn curls and golden eyes that seemed to dance with mischief.
“How are the kids?” Levi asked, breaking my musings. Kids? I looked at them in a new light. They both looked far too youthful to be parents.
“They’re wonderful, staying with their grandparents in Canada,” Henry replied, pulling Kirsten into an affectionate embrace and kissing her brow. The adoration between them was palpable—a connection built on genuine love. I felt a pang of envy.
As Levi offered champagne, I noticed Kirsten quietly decline. Levi followed her gaze to her silhouette, and his eyes widened.
"No way! You’re expecting?" Levi gasped, his voice brimming with genuine excitement. When they both nodded triumphantly, Levi pulled Kirsten into a celebratory hug. In that moment, I saw a different side of him—a loyal, joy-filled friend.
"Congratulations," I added, truly happy for them.
"It feels like a ray of sunshine after everything we’ve been through," Kirsten said, sharing an intimate look with Henry that made the air between them crackle with emotion.
“Catherine, Henry’s ex-wife, caused quite a stir recently,” Levi whispered in my ear, his breath grazing my skin in a way that was far too distracting. He briefly explained the scandal that had strained their relationship, involving family connections and legal battles.
"Let’s leave the ladies to get acquainted while we head to my office for a moment," Levi suggested, leading Henry away.
"I desperately need a break from these shoes," Kirsten confessed once they were gone. I smiled, feeling the ice between us break.
"Do they hurt?" I asked. I felt a minor wave of intimidation; Kirsten seemed to have everything—the perfect life, the perfect love, and now a new beginning.
"Terribly," Kirsten said, fixing me with a penetrating look. "But for a bride who just won the heart of a man like Levi, you look... troubled."
My mask slipped. “Is it that obvious?”
"Only if someone is looking closely. You have a way of glancing at your husband that suggests more than just wedding jitters."
I hesitated, then the words spilled out. “I don't love him, Kirsten.” I waited for her to judge me, to see me as the person the media portrayed.
Instead, she offered a soft smile. “If it’s any consolation, my marriage to Henry didn't start with love at first sight either. I had a past—a difficult one. My twins aren't biologically Henry’s, but he adopted them and loved them as his own from day one.”
I was stunned. The depth of Henry’s devotion was incredible.
"This baby is our first together," she continued. "But he has been true through every up and down. I’m not saying you have to love Levi today, Kenya. But give yourself permission to exist in this union. Don't let the circumstances of how it started enslave your future. Use the resources he’s given you to build something of your own. Re-invent yourself, just as I did."
Her words felt like a lifeline. "He... he blackmailed me into this," I whispered.
"Then use that 'blackmail' to fuel your own dreams," she encouraged, holding my hands. "Carve your own niche. Be the woman you always wanted to be. Don't let him—or anyone—extinguish your light."
I felt tears welling up, a release of all the tension I’d been carrying.
###Chapter 38:Shadows of the Past

Levi.
"I’m glad to see you’ve finally moved on," Henry said, swirling his brandy.
We were in my office, the muted music from the ballroom providing a rhythmic backdrop. The room smelled of polished wood and leather—a sanctuary I’d built for myself.
“After Belle, the world thought you’d closed your heart forever. Kenya is remarkable.”
"Thanks, man. That means a lot."
“She’s a keeper, Levi. Take care of her,” Henry warned. He then asked about various friends and cousins. The conversation was light until he mentioned a name that made me pause. "And what about Albert Bethel?"
“Why do you ask?” I questioned. Albert was a recluse who avoided such gatherings.
"I found out recently that we’re related—he’s a cousin to my late biological mother," Henry revealed.
Before I could process that, a sharp knock at the door interrupted us.
"Benjamin." I froze. Standing in the doorway was Benjamin Moore, Belle’s twin brother. Looking at him was like seeing a ghost; he shared her golden hair and striking features. I had deliberately left him off the guest list.
"Funny how I had to make last-minute arrangements to get here, Ruthford," Benjamin spat, stepping into the room with a cold, menacing air.
I introduced him to Henry, who sensed the immediate shift in the room's energy. "I'll go check on Kirsten," Henry said, giving me a supportive nod before exiting.
Alone with Benjamin, I poured two drinks. "I owe you no explanations," I said firmly. "My marriage to Kenya is my own business."
"I didn't want you here causing a scene," I added, my anger simmering. "I’ve moved on, Benjamin. I’m not going to spend my life mourning a woman who... well, it’s in the past."
Benjamin sneered, his face a mask of bitterness. "I knew from the day you married my sister that you were untrustworthy. I believe you had something to do with her end, even if I can't prove it."
I glared at him, refusing to let his accusations draw me into a pointless debate. The Moores had been happy enough to take my money when it suited them, but Benjamin had always carried a grudge.
"Move past this, Benjamin," I said, stepping closer. "I have a wife and guests waiting. Stay if you wish, but do not disrespect Kenya."
He scoffed. "Wife? You mean the girl you’ve paraded around? She will never replace my sister. She’s nothing compared to—"
My fist connected with his jaw before he could finish the sentence. Rage, hot and blinding, surged through me. How dare he compare them. I didn't see the door open; I only felt the ringing in my ears and the blood on my knuckles until a small, soft hand touched mine.
I stilled instantly, turning to meet the eyes of the only woman who could pull me back from the edge.
###Chapter 39: What Belongs To Me..

Kenya.
When I pushed the door open, I was met with a scene that shattered the elegant facade of the evening. Levi was a man transformed, his usual composed demeanor replaced by a raw, terrifying ferocity.
He had the man pinned against the desk, his movements fueled by a blind, thundering rage. I stood frozen for a split second, horrified, before my voice finally found its way out. I called his name repeatedly, my pleas sharp against the heavy silence of the office, but he seemed lost in a world of his own shadows. I rushed forward, trying to pull him back, but he was like iron—immovable and consumed.
It wasn't until I reached out and touched his hand, whimpering at the sight of the bruises forming on his knuckles, that he finally stilled.
The silence that followed was deafening. Levi turned to me, his breathing heavy, his eyes dark with a storm that hadn't yet passed. But as our gazes held, I saw the ice begin to melt. He allowed me to lead him away, sinking into a chair as I stood before him, searching his face for the man I knew.
"You're mad!" the other man spat, staggering to his feet. He clutched his face, his voice thick with pain and indignation. As he moved, I felt Levi tense beneath my touch, a low growl nearly vibrating in his chest. "I'll have you for this! You think you're above the law? I'm an American citizen, you bastard!"
Levi’s gaze remained fixed on him, cold and lethal. "The next time you dare to bring your filth near my home or my wife," Levi warned, his voice a low, dangerous rumble, "your dignity will be the least of what you lose."
The man seemed to finally recognize the true depth of the threat. Without another word, he staggered out of the room, leaving a trail of shattered pride behind him.
The distant music from the ballroom filtered in, but it did nothing to banish the tension. My heart was still hammering against my ribs. I hurried into the attached bathroom, searching the cabinets until I found a first aid kit.
Returning to Levi’s side, I sat on the edge of the desk and took his hand in mine. I began cleaning the abrasions with alcohol. He didn't flinch, didn't even blink. He just watched me from hooded eyes, his expression unreadable but intense. I wanted to ask a thousand questions, but I sensed he needed the silence more than the answers.
I wouldn't have even stumbled upon this if I hadn't been searching for the way back from the restroom. On Kirsten's gentle counsel, I had gone to compose myself after our emotional conversation. While there, a call from Andrea informed me that my colleagues and my bosses, Claudine and Dave, had arrived.
But I had taken a wrong turn in the labyrinthine hallways and heard raised voices. Recognizing Levi’s tone, I had stopped, only to hear the cruel, cutting words the man had directed at me. I had shrunk back, the insults stinging like salt in a fresh wound.
And then I heard the first blow.
Seeing Levi lose control in my defense had left me in a state of shock. There was a twisted, aching sense of pride buried deep within my fear—a realization that this man, as complicated as he was, was willing to tear the world apart for my sake.
"You didn't have to do that because of me, Levi," I whispered, dabbing ointment onto his skin.
He gave me a look that was both indiscernible and searingly intense.
"No one insults what belongs to me," he replied simply.
The weight of those words—the possessiveness and the conviction behind them—sent a shiver through me. His phone rang, breaking the spell.
"Yes. Blake. Get Moore out of here. We'll be down shortly."
He stood up, shrugging off his own injuries as if they were nothing. "Come on. Your friends are waiting. We have a party to finish."
The celebration lasted until well after midnight. I moved through the rest of the night with a practiced grace, though my thoughts were constantly drifting back to the scene in the office.
Levi remained distracted for the rest of the event. For the first time, I saw a chink in his stoic armor, a vulnerability hidden behind his emerald eyes. It tormented me to see him this way.
I managed to greet Andrea and my colleagues, whose excitement at my new status was overwhelming. Claudine was beaming, grateful for everything Levi had done for the school, while Dave offered a rare word of approval. I felt a wave of genuine gratitude for their presence; they were the only remnants of my old life in this strange, new world.
I danced with my husband under the glittering chandeliers, the two of us moving in a silent, complex rhythm. We tasted the rich buffet and accepted the toasts of the elite, but the atmosphere between us had shifted. I found myself missing the seductive spark that usually lived in his gaze.
As the night finally wound down and I stood before the mirror in our room, removing my jewelry, a sudden, deep need for him surged within me. Recalling the intensity of his protection and the fire I had seen in his eyes, I realized the walls I had built against him were crumbling.
The air in the room felt too thick, too hot. Driven by a restless energy, I slipped out of the room and headed downstairs, needing a glass of water—and perhaps a chance to find the man who had claimed me as his own.
###Chapter 40: The Cave...

Kenya.
The Ruthford mansion was an imposing structure that seemed to breathe with the weight of its own history. It was a masterful fusion of eras—the original 19th-century stonework had been preserved and integrated with sharp, ultra-modern glass and eco-friendly elements. It was a style that celebrated legacy while embracing the future, a perfect reflection of the man who now held the keys to it all.
I navigated the quiet hallways, the stone walls adorned with priceless art that felt like watchful eyes in the dim light. Eventually, I found my way to the heart of the house: the kitchen. Nancy, the housekeeper, was there, meticulously organized and focused on her late-night tasks.
“Good evening, Mrs. Ruthford. Can I get you anything?” Nancy asked with a warm, professional smile.
“Just a glass of water, Nancy. Thank you,” I replied, trying to sound more like the mistress of the house than I actually felt.
As I sipped the cold water, I marveled at the kitchen’s design. The silver surfaces of the high-end appliances gleamed against the rustic stone, a stunning contrast that spoke to Levi’s dedication to restoring his family's honor. It was an enigmatic kind of beauty—much like Levi himself. My thoughts drifted to him; I hadn't seen him since the last of the guests had departed.
"Nancy, do you know where my... where Levi went?" I asked, stumbling slightly over his name.
"He’s in 'The Cave,' Mrs. Ruthford," Nancy answered. "He mentioned he’d be there if you needed anything."
"The Cave?" I echoed, the name sounding more like a fortress than a room.
Nancy’s expression softened. "It’s what he calls his private recreational suite. It’s where he goes to decompress."
Curiosity, mixed with a lingering need to understand the man who had upended my life, pushed me to ask for directions. I told myself I was looking for leverage—something I could use to regain my autonomy—but deep down, I knew it was more than that.
Nancy led me down a corridor and a set of elegant spiral stairs, pointing toward a heavy, dark door at the end of a long hallway. After she left, I stood alone in the silence, my hand hovering over the handle.
I pushed the door open and stepped inside. The interior was a revelation. It was a vast space, the size of a private theater, with walls padded in deep emerald velvet. One section held a custom-made pool table, while other high-tech distractions were arranged throughout the room in a way that felt both masculine and sophisticated.
At the far end, another door was marked 'Cinema.' I entered quietly. The room was dark, save for the flickering light emanating from a massive screen. I walked down the carpeted aisle, my eyes fixed on the footage playing: a beautiful blonde woman laughing on a sun-drenched beach, followed by a younger, more carefree version of Levi.
An unexpected ache tugged at my heart. I didn't want to feel sympathy, but seeing him like that—before the world had hardened him—was jarring. Levi was slumped in the front row, a glass of brandy in his hand, his focus entirely on the screen. He didn't even acknowledge my entrance.
"Is that your wife?" The words escaped my lips before I could think better of them.
Levi didn't react immediately. He sat in the darkness for a long beat, then slowly turned off the screen with a remote. The room plunged into a heavier silence.
"You are my wife now," he said expressionlessly, his voice a low vibration in the quiet theater. He didn't look back at the dark screen; instead, he fixed his emerald gaze on me.
“I’m sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt a private moment," I said, feeling a flush of embarrassment. "I was... worried. After what happened with Benjamin."
Levi let out a long, weary sigh, rubbing his face with his palms. The exhaustion I had glimpsed earlier was now fully visible, etched into the lines of his handsome face. "You didn't interrupt anything," he muttered.
"You loved her," I pressed, my voice softening despite my intentions. "That's why tonight was so difficult. Benjamin is her twin, isn't he?"
Levi’s expression grew thoughtful, his eyes searching mine as if looking for a hidden secret in the shadows. "I loved her," he admitted, his tone hauntingly indifferent. "But I eventually learned that love isn't always a two-way street. And yes, Benjamin is the bitter remnant of that past."
"You say it with such detachment," I remarked, unsettled by his coldness.
"In my world, Kenya, detachment is a survival skill. People will always surprise you, usually in the worst ways."
“Is that your excuse for everything? Forcing me into this marriage without a second thought for how it looks to your late wife’s family? Without a thought for my feelings?" I accused, the frustration of the past few days bubbling to the surface.
Levi watched me, his gaze studious and unreadable. He remained silent for a long moment, the air between us thick with things unsaid. Then, without a word of defense or apology, he stood up and walked past me, heading for the exit.
Stunned by his silence, I gathered my wits and followed him out of the darkness, our footsteps echoing in sync as we moved back toward the light of the rest of the house.
###Chapter 41:Forgiveness...

Levi.
"You would just walk away? That means you have no remorse for what you have done. For the lives that have been upended." Her voice echoed behind me, sharp and heavy with accusation.
I didn't answer immediately. I came to a halt in front of the bar, still deep within the sanctuary of 'The Cave'. I reached for a bottle of aged brandy and poured two glasses. Handing one to Kenya, I took a generous sip of my own, the liquid burning a path down my throat. I walked further into the room and sank into a plush, leather seat, the weight of the evening pressing down on me.
“I haven't said a word in my defense because, in many ways, you are correct," I admitted, my voice low. "I didn't think twice before I married you. To Benjamin, I am the man who disrespected his sister’s memory by moving on. He’s still hurting, and I don't blame him for his rage. But I couldn't remain in the shadows of the past once I found you."
I fixed my gaze on her, my back to the dark cinema screen. Kenya came to sit beside me, her fingers nervously tracing the rim of her glass.
"I would do it all again, Kenya." I reached out and took her palm, placing it firmly against my chest, right over the steady thrum of my heart. "Every bit of it. Taking out the threats against you. Forcing this union. Going against the expectations of the world. I mean it, from right here." I pressed her hand harder against my ribs. "I only ask that I am granted forgiveness for my sins someday. Even if..."
I let the words hang, the pain of the possibility tightening my chest.
“Even if what?" she whispered, her breath hitching.
"Even if you continue to guard your heart against me. Even if I never see that fire of genuine affection in your eyes... it is enough for me just to have you near. I only ask for your grace, eventually."
"I don't despise you, Levi," she said softly, but I could hear the hesitation in her voice.
“You could have fooled me," I replied with a weary half-smile. "I see the conflict in you, Kenya. It runs deep." My thumb stroked the back of her hand, the contact making my pulse quicken.
She pulled her hand away gently, putting down her drink. The air in the room grew thick, charged with an emotion that neither of us was ready to name.
“We’ve been invited to a welcome reception on Saturday by my political associates," I informed her, breaking the heavy silence. She nodded in acknowledgment, her eyes wandering toward the far end of the room.
"Are those... poles?" she asked, her voice laced with astonishment.
I followed her gaze to the large, circular stage. Four shining silver poles stood under the ambient lighting, the stage draped in themes of black, emerald, and deep crimson. It was designed to be exotic, a space for raw, uninhibited movement.
I watched with quiet intrigue as she climbed the small stairs leading to the stage. She moved with a dancer’s innate grace, her hand trailing languidly along the cool surface of one of the poles. Her eyes were wide with fascination.
“Haven't you seen a dancer’s pole before?" I asked, coming to stand at the edge of the stage.
The sight of the diamond chain wound around her thigh caught the light, and a surge of protective, burning desire flared within me. It was a distraction I welcomed.
“Not up close," she admitted shyly. “I've seen them in films, of course. We use bars at the studio, but this is... different."
I stepped onto the stage, closing the distance between us. I wondered about the life she had led before me—the purity she held that I was so desperate to protect, even as I drew her into my world of shadows. I was the scarlet to her white, the storm to her calm.
I walked to the corner of the room and activated the sound system. A deep, rhythmic bass began to thrum through the floorboards, the speakers coming alive with a slow, seductive melody. She startled, her eyes meeting mine.
"Why the music, Levi?" she murmured as I drew close enough to catch the scent of her perfume.
“We've had a long, exhausting day," she suggested, her voice trembling slightly. "Perhaps we should retire."
I didn't back away. I watched her with the intensity of a man who had finally found the one thing worth holding onto. I had shed my jacket, my white shirt unbuttoned at the collar, my sleeves rolled up.
"I don't know if I can do this," she pleaded softly.
“Do what?" I loomed over her, my voice turning hoarse with unspoken need. "I want to see the goddess I saw that first night at the theater. The one who moves like the earth itself."
I leaned in, my words a soft caress against her skin. “Dance for me, Kenya," I requested—a command wrapped in a plea.
The air between us heated, charged with the promise of a connection that went far beyond the physical. I needed to see her spirit move.
“But I don't know how to use the pole," she whispered.
I leaned forward until our foreheads pressed together, the silver pole cool against her back. “You don't need the pole, baby. Just dance for me like you did on your debut. Give me that piece of your soul."
She inhaled a sharp breath, her gaze searching mine, looking for the man beneath the billionaire, the human beneath the predator.
###Chapter 42: You Are Mine, Kenya...

***Kenya.***

"How did you know that I danced for you on that night?" I whispered,my hands splayed on his exposed forearms,caressing them.

“You are mine, Kenya. No one knows you likeI do. No one ever would."He pulled away, to watch the effect of his words in my eyes. Shifting back,he allowed me some space to dance, knowing that I would accept.

Slowly, I stood on my toes, my limbs stretching to the music. My seam's slit gave and I halted. Frowning in irritation.

“Don't worry about it. I'd buy you another." Levi's soft, deep voice calmed me.

To emphasize his words, he came closer and ripped the slit some more.my thong and chain fully exposed. The thong, a deep red, like the dress.Excitement stirred inside me. My heart thudded as he skimmed his skillful fingers along the chain and my exposed skin. I inhaled my breath sharply,my body ignited in flames.

Holding my hand, he twirled me. My movements turned expressive as I moved in time to the steps that Levi initiated. It was like a tango and ballet, mixed with a touch of contemporary flair, a waltz. Our bodies pressed painfully as we continued to dance. Well Levi wasn't exactly dancing as a ballerina. He was only my anchor.

“That night of your debut, when the ballet boy held you this close."He pressed my body into his, one leg stretched at an odd angle over his bulging front. My core rubbed sweetly against his length.
"He's not a ballet boy, Levi. He is Lloyd...Patrick...” My mind was blank,useless, as I was pressed into him. My body wound tight with desire.

*How could I crave this man and at the same time,hate him so?*

“I don't care his name.” Levi's voice, was husky. "I wanted to break his fingers, one by fucking one on that night." He growled, spinning me and grinding my butt to his bulgy cock.

Levi suddenly spun me round and my face came against his, and he claimed my lips in a kiss. His breath, smelling of fine brandy, and wine;hanging there, mingling with mine.

“I don't like it when others touch what belongs to me. And you,Kenya Ruthford, belongs to me.” Levi swore.

Walking the both of us to a plush red, velvet chair, Levi sat down, with me straddling him. He continued the kiss, slowing the pace to nips and kisses. My core ached, my nipples rigid.

Pulling away, I asked, breathlessly. “I thought after last night...when you left that...that..." I grew speechless.

“You were a naughty girl last night." His smile was dark, his voice thick with need. A need that mirrored mine. "Today, you were a wife. A friend.My calm." Each point, he emphasized with a kiss.

"What do you mean?" I asked, my voice hoarse.

He didn't reply, he only smiled, meaningfully.

Levi ground my hips onto his engorged cock, caressing my exposed thighs.He palmed my butt and pressed me closer to him. I was wet inside, my body aching with need. I moaned, gasped, as he rolled his hips. The
action making me impulsively rock my hips to his rhythm.

Slipping a deft finger inside my thong, Levi found my wet center and circled my clit. I bit him, my teeth grazing his ear. Levi growled low,his finger increasing the tempo of the circles and strokes as I grew wet for him.Cum leaked out of me, his name my balm.

My first wave of an orgasm soon found me and I fell into his shoulder,clutching him tight.

"Your reward,Mrs Ruthford...” Levi announced in a whisper. I stared at him through clouded eyes, puzzled. Levi smiled darkly and shifted me to reach for his fly. He opened it and his hardened cock came free, the hardness enthralling me. My insides pooled with need. Reaching for my thong, he shifted it slightly and kissed me, while he adjusted me to gain entrance into me.


Drunk by his actions, I mentally triedto recall all I had read and watched about this position. It was different for me from our first night of pleasure.Before I could have the time to comprehend, I felt the intrusion of his hard cock and I cried out in pain at the invasion. Still new to this, Levi allowed my body stretch to his size, kissing me and thumbing my clit, as I adjusted to him.


Shaken,raw with need, I began undulated to his rhythm. The pleasure.rippling inside me. My rolling hips sent jolts to Levi's cock, making him thrust in slow strokes.


Soft cries escaped me as his thrusts grew intense, deep. The pleasure swelling over us. He groaned. I moaned. Levi pulled down my dress,my strapless lace corset following next. My bare breasts sprung free. Levi groaned as he leaned in and took one puckered nipple to his mouth,biting it and sucking on it. I gripped him, my sex clenching him.Tight
and sweet.

"Levi, I...I need..." I pleaded desperately behind muffled gasps and moans.

"Let go, Baby. Cum for me. Don't hold back." He whispered in my ear,his voice a search light, leading me to the edge of ecstasy. I never knew this position could be so deep, direct to my core. And I found out that I liked the position,a lot.


I came. Hot and heavy. And my cum flowed onto Levi's cock, my pussy clenching him. He gasped and grazed my ear. Nipping and kissing my jawline. His continuous thrusts increased pace. His body going rigid, Levi finally cracked his own release. A guttural sound, escaping him. My name,a desperate plea escaped his lips. Another wave of an orgasm crashed me,as a result.


When our bodies finally returned to earth, the scent of our sex filling the strawberry scented room,Levi kissed my lips.

“You belong only to me, Mrs Kenya Ruthford, never forget that."
###Chapter 43: The Ivory Palace...

***Levi.***

***Two days Later...***

Saturday evening came quicker than expected.

We had to leave from our Pent house on 57th Street, to avoid arriving the party late.

My dismay at Benjamin's sore words nights ago, still lingered. And I worried he could spread words about Belle's death that could reach Kenya's ears.


Destroying our relationship further.

I could still feel the tension between us. Although since Thursday night,there was a softness. I saw it in her eyes, when I carried her to bed, after our moment of passion. It was there, when we awoke the following morning, easing into our routine. And while she went shopping with her stylist for tonight.

Though she still bore some terseness, yet I could feel her walls thinning.An opportunity, which I hoped to build up on, to have a wonderful marriage with her. Even though she hadn't given me her word of forgiveness, I was hopeful that we could still find a peace.

I hadn't expected anything on toward, when she had found me in the cave.Her presence had both surprised and pleased me. Making me ponder the reason she had sought me. A part of me had hoped that she had missed me. And when she had confessed her concern for me as her reason I had still accepted it. At least it was a start. A bridge to our old ease with each
other.

The sex had come unexpectedly. Dressed in that burgundy dress, I couldn't resist her and that chain that had only given me more ideas. More so as she stood before me, the thoughts of how she had attempted to reach me in my vulnerable state, only impressed me more. I hadn't expected her to role play with me the way she had, knowing her limited experience in sex.However, even that innocuous act of pleasure from her, had been enough to simmer my insides. Distract my frayed thoughts.

In the end, we had both burst into flames, our hearts beating in unison.Filled with unspoken promises.

"Sir, we've arrived." I heard the driver, Marcus announce.

I turned my eyes to the window and saw other elaborately dressed guests,strolling into the foyer of the enormous hotel. My gaze turned to Kenya,who had barely uttered a word since we got into the Limo. She looked exquisite, dressed in an emerald green mono-sleeved satin maxi dress. Her hair was held in a high bun, a small diamond comb pressed to the side. A pair of dropping emerald jeweled earrings graced her. The gems catching the light from the hotel's entrance.

“You look stunning.” I remarked, my lips quirked in a smile. Kenya turned her eyes to me, catching my breath. I remembered she once commented on my eyes.


"Did you wear this because of my eyes?" I couldn't help but ask. *Did she?*

She demurely shifted her eyes and I got my answer. Stuff swirled inside me. I couldn't describe them. I didn't know what this meant.

Helplessly, I found her lips and placed a tender kisson them. Her lips
parted, a soft moan escaping from them.

I smiled contentedly, as she kissed me back. The action giving me peace.This was where I belonged, in her arms. In her soul. All that was needed was for her to succumb to me for the rest of our lives.


A valet, dressed in black and red, opened her side of the door, interrupting us. I lingered a little longer on her lips,before I slowly pulled away. Her gaze faltered, before her next words came.

"That night of the reception when we... went intimate...I...I have never...I never knew that was...”


“Great." I smiled, slyly. My heart soared with warmth, knowing that the night she spoke of had meant something to her.She smiled shyly,before she replied.

"I wanted to say possible. That is, I had no idea it was possible to find...release with that position." Our gazes held briefly,before she turned them to the opened door. A smile played on my lips, knowing that she still had a lot to enjoy with me.

Stepping out of the sleek white limo, and coming around her side of the car,I held her.


The Ivory Palace, an enormous and captivating tower that was always highly sorted out by the 'A' list celebrities of the country and the world.Owned by Canadian Hotel and Tourism Tycoons, Dylan and McCarthy Macklesfield, cousins to Henry MMacklesfield, the hotel was highly sorted. It's ratings on the internet were off the charts, luring elites around the world to always have a feel of The Ivory Palace. It had once been owned by the twin's father, Philip Macklesfield. Sadly, after his death,the twins had inherited the establishment, which they hadn't operated until they had
reached their majority. Taking over from their mother, Catherine, who had initially run the business on their behalf.

The foyer was alive with a throng of guests that walked absently, before the flashing cameras, not minding the attention. Kenya's tension was palpable beneath my possessive hand on the small of her back. I rubbed her. to ease her. I knew she was still new to all this attention. But I was here to help her transition into her new life.

"Mrs Ruthford, who are you wearing?!" Someone among the reporters called. Kenya stilled her eyes on the camera. I immediately came to her rescue. The reporters were always ready to chew on vulnerable prey.

“Don't worry." My voice came hot against her right ear. My words a caress.I grazed the shell of her ear with my lips. “You don't have to answer them. The designer would give the information away. So don't fret it. You're still new to this." My eyes found hers and it held. I saw her relax and I felt at peace.

Finding herself leaning into me, I kissed her head at the gesture. I had her.She was mine to protect forever.
###Chapter 44: Be Careful What You Ask for...

***Kenya.***

Walking in the direction of the large ball room, which served as the party's venue, Levi and I left the other guests to the mercy of the reporters.

The ball room, like the entire foyer, was lit in soft, golden chandeliers that hung up in the ceiling. A gilded ambience surrounded the entire room, the opulent decorations, a stark evidence of the rich taste possessed by its owners. I had heard about them before. But after meeting one of their family.Henry and his wife, I finally appreciated their unique taste.Wealth displayed in the room. Ornate wall papers of gold and ivory, covered the walls. First time entering the hotel and I was smitten.

We were ushered to our table, like the other guests, and the party soon started. Party members congratulated us; politicians, business men and women,elite members of the society in all professions of life. It was like the entire elite democrats had converged for the party. The night's host teased everyone, especially Levi and I, who were the highlight of the evening. I couldn't help but smile, knowing that I hadn't expected such a warm welcome.


Soon, refreshments were over with, and the dancing commenced. Levi held me in an intimate embrace as we waltzed to a song played by a famous Jazz musician. There was a peace that we felt as we swayed in slow steps to the song. Neither of us had the courage to speak this truth. But I felt it deep, threatening to announce itself to the surface.


“You are a beautiful dancer, you know that." Levi stroked my bare back.as his words swirled round me. I nested my head in the crook of his neck.The magic of this intimate moment, disarming me. Causing feelings that
should remain buried to wheedle their way into my heart.

"Why did you have to do all you did, Levi?" My question came out,before I could even hold it back.

My inner most thoughts coming to life, hanging like a knife between us.Levi pulled back just a little to stare into my eyes, before he returned to our initial stance.


"What do you mean?" He whispered, regarding me in a cautious gaze,while we continued dancing. I inhaled a steady breath, wanting this bone in my throat expelled.

"Why did you have to result to dangerous measures to achieve your purpose. Couldn't there have been a better way?" I felt Levi stiffen in my arms, but something in me was unleashed and I just ranted on. My eyes searching his.

“Who are you, Levi? I mean, what did Blake mean by yours is a relationship rooted deep, a life for a life...”

“Stop...”

“Bound by an oath...”

"Stop, Kenya.” Levi growled in a low, warning tone. His eyes holding a ferocity that I had never seen in him before. I startled at the depth of what I saw in his emerald green eyes. My heart uncontrollably frightened.

“Don't dig out demons you would regret meeting." He leaned in closer,his breath mingling with mine. We had stopped dancing now and I caught other couples' awkward stares.

Hot, the scent of brandy fanning my face, I just stared. I felt his finger
nails dig into my skin, as he held me and I feared it might have broken.Wincing in pain, I tried to struggle against his painful hold. But his hands gripped on tighter.

"What if I want to meet them?" I dared in a whisper. I grimaced as I sensed his hold slacken, while astonishment climbed his face. My arms stung from where his nails had been. His expression turned to alarm,before it grew dark with a twisted grin.

"Be careful what you ask for, Mrs Ruthford. It might just come back to bite you.” He remarked in a cold voice.

There was an ominous undercurrent in his tone.

Without another word, Levi held me in a possessive hold and guided me out of the dance floor. It was as if nothing had happened, even though I shook within me. Onace we reached the bar, he gave me one long look,before he went to mingle with some of his friends.

Humiliated, I just stared at him.

***Levi 2: Kenya: 0***

No matter how much I tried to calm my racing heart, I was just too frightened and ashamed of what had transpired. I asked for a glass of water from the bar tender. Gulping the cold liquid down as soon as it reached my hand. My spiraling emotions finally settled.


This was now my life. A life where I was bound to uphold a marriage to a man,who had the power to ruin me. Who manipulated me to do his bidding. Even when it came to sex, he wielded the power. Turning me into puddle wvith just a touch. Worse, my feelings had now become invested.
“Well, ifit isn't the new Mrs Ruthford." A snarl came from behind me,the tone chilling. I turned towards the voice in time to see a woman, not much older than I was. Perhaps in her thirties.

“Hello." I greeted, my voice neutral as I watched the woman.The woman looked me over, her sun-kissed fair skin. radiating with a deep allure. She was extremely beautiful. Her auburn hair falling in waves around her shoulder. Her dress, a blue, strapless silk, styled in a mermaid silhouette.She equally smelled wonderful. Her diamond jewelry set accentuating her beauty. Inching closer to me, the woman gave me a condescending look.

“If Levi had wanted to be charitable, he should have just sponsored your career." The words dripped with venom, as she glared scornfully at me.I hitched my breath, my eyes staring in shock at the woman.

“I wonder what he saw in a poor, invalid like you, when he had women like me, who could have given him all the reputation he needs."

Horrified, I just stared. Tears stinging me.
###Chapter 45: A Strong Woman...

***Kenya.***

I refused to let the tears fall. I tried to speak, but my tongue grew heavy.

There was a time I would wish for the ground to swallow me whole,whenever this happened. But I didn't want to be that woman anymore.I had recently resolved never to allow others disparage me in regard to my disability. And this was just one such moment. Unfortunately, I found myself shattered by the words.

Taking a slow breath, my heart rate falling into an even pace again,I gave a neutral look.


"If he had women like you, how would he have done his charity,helping a poor invalid like me, become the new Mrs Ruthford?" I sneered. My words startled the woman, who stared at me in disbelief. A man came up to stand alongside us. I ignored his presence as I continued to lock gazes with the other woman.


“Carmen, cut the girl some slack." The man addressed the woman standing ín front of me. I shifted my gaze to him, my eyes seeing the frown on his handsome face.


"I had hoped you wouldn't go through with your threat moments ago,when you declared your intention to put her in her place." The man continued, as he shifted closer to this Carmen. Stiffening at something the man whispered in her ear, Carmen gave one last look at me, before she walked away. Exiting the ballroom.

"What did you tell her?" I asked, my voice breaking the man's focus.
He turned a thoughtful gaze to, closing the distance between us. He was really handsome, with his blinding facial features. The sharp lines of his face, laced with a perfectly facial hair trim. As tall as Levi, perhaps the same age. His dark, tussled cropped hair, shone in the light. His tuxedo a perfectly tailored pick on him.

Wearing an impressive smile, a dimple peeking at the corner,he spoke.“I only reminded her of her own place." He remarked, his expression blank.I watched him skeptically.

"What do you mean?” I asked, cautiously.

He smiled and inched closer. I could smell his spicy cologne.

"I mean that Carmen Strad equally has a place in this gathering, one which she needs to remember. She currently has Levi as a major investor in her decrepit company. The last thing she needs is to irk the man." He didn't elaborate further, his eyes lingering on me. I wished he could at least say more. Gathering my words to thank him, he spoke first.

“Forgive my manners, but would you like a dance?" He requested. His tone was a mix of mischief and flirtation and I found it exciting. With what had happened with Levi moments ago, I didn't mind finding this man a lovely distraction. Nodding my head, I allowed him lead us to the dance floor.


As we danced, I found out that he was pretty light on his feet. He danced like a pro and I wondered what he was doing dancing with me,rather than ilks of Carmen Strad.


"My name is Rudolph Crawford, by the way." His voice, smooth and very close to my ear. It was warm and it elated me. I nodded.

“Kenya Ruthford, I know.” Rudolph acknowledged, a knowing smile crossing his face. Of course he did, I thought. "I admire how you stood up for yourself there. It was commendable. I don't think any woman has ever stood up to Carmen like that."

I smiled inwardly, letting joy fill me at his comment. I didn't know I could stand up to the insolent woman. Initially, I had wished to cower before Carmen. Nevertheless, an inner indignation at Levi and also everyone that had always disparaged me, fueled my rage.

"I don't want anyone to see me the way they have all my life." I confessed.“Like a helpless woman.” Rudolph gaze studied me. His hand was placed respectably on the small of mu back, a gentle pressure as he watched me.

"Were others unkind to you? Even your husband? Is that the reason he abandoned you to the likes of Carmen?” Rudolph asked, searching my eyes.I averted my gaze, allowing silence creep in. Instinctively, Rudolph pulled thumbed my chin, until I stared into his eyes.


“You don't have to hide, Kenya. You have more on your side than you think." His voice and words, encouraging.

I tried to hold back the tears that threatened to spill. All the ache in my heart was bursting, and I wasn't certain I could control it, if it started. I was sad that the tenderness, the ease that had once existed between Levi and I had been a hoax. His true nature finally coming to light. Those existing incriminating evidence, binding me to him.

"I just want to be a strong woman. I don't want to be weak any longer.I no longer want to be at any one's mercy," I whispered, shakily.
Rudolph's gaze, gentle, watched me. Shifting his fingers to my bare back,he circled a spot, sending calmness into me. I didn't think of the inappropriateness.

"You are already a strong woman, Kenya. Look how far you've come. You only have to believe in yourself.” Rudolph earnestly stated. The sound of my name from his lips again, rolling effortlessly. It radiated sparks in me.

“Get your damned hands off my wife." A low growl came from behind me,breaking us apart.

We turned to see Levi, emotions schooled, glaring at Rudolph. I looked at Levi in alarm, my eyes shifting to see if anyone noticed the scene. No one seemed to bother as they were all absorbed in dancing and mingling.

“Levi.” I called, my eyes gauging his temperament. He was calm, but rage burned in his eyes as he briefly shifted them to me. I inhaled, seeing the depth of fury he exuded.

Taking his eyes back to Rudolph, Levi crossed to stand before Rudolph,his gaze levelled on the man.
###Chapter 46: That's Not True, Kenya...”

Levi.
"If I had a wife like her, I wouldn't leave her for a second to the wiles of people like Carmen Strad," Rudolph sneered.
The words felt like a physical blow. The bastard. He dared to touch my wife. And Carmen?
I shot a glance at Kenya, searching her eyes for any sign of distress before refocusing my cold fury on Rudolph.
“You weren't there for her, and she had to fend off that vile woman all by herself. Putting up with her insults and her scorn,” Rudolph continued, his voice dripping with mock sympathy.
I felt a frown deepen on my face. What was he talking about? Carmen? I chided myself inwardly for my lack of sensitivity. I shouldn't have left her alone. I shouldn't have let my internal storm cloud my judgment. I had seen Carmen with Kenya earlier and assumed they were merely socializing, despite knowing Carmen’s caustic nature. I hadn't expected the woman to openly cause Kenya discomfort. I would deal with Carmen later, I decided. For now, I needed to get this interloper away from my wife—starting with the fingers that had been so casually draped over Kenya’s arm moments ago.
Drawing closer to Rudolph, my voice dropping to a low, lethal whisper that only the three of us could hear, I said:
"The next time I see you anywhere near my wife, or even breathing the same air as her, I will make sure your business empire collapses so spectacularly that even your shadow won't have a place to hide."
I heard Kenya gasp beside me. Good. She needed to understand that I was her only shield, and no other man had the right to cross that line.
"I'd like to see you try," Rudolph countered, putting on a brave face. “You don't scare me, Ruthford. My multi-million-dollar sportswear industry doesn't need your approval or your money.”
A dark, humorless grin tugged at my lips.
“You should be scared, Rudolph. Because I won't just stop at your business. I will dismantle everything you value, bit by bit, until the only thing left associated with your name is a cautionary tale of what happens when you touch what belongs to me.”
My words, though delivered with a calm exterior, carried a weight that finally rattled him. I saw the flicker of genuine fear in his eyes. He knew my reputation; he knew that when Levi Ruthford made a threat, it was already a finished reality.
Rudolph shifted anxiously, his gaze darting away from mine. Without giving Kenya another look, he brushed past us and disappeared into the crowd of the ballroom.
"That wasn't necessary, Levi! The man was just being kind!" Kenya cried, her eyes shimmering with unshed tears. She looked utterly exhausted.
Ignoring her protest, I reached out and wrapped my fingers firmly around her wrist. I didn't want to cause a public scene, so I moved with a quiet, forceful efficiency. I guided her out of the ballroom, through a gilded corridor lined with Millais oil paintings, and into a secluded area. I pushed open the door to a private restroom, flipped the 'out of order' sign, and clicked the lock shut.
I turned to her, my presence filling the small, opulent space. Kenya stood defiantly, her eyes blazing with anger.
“I don't like it when another man touches you. And you're wrong—he wasn't 'doing nothing.' He was laying a claim,” I growled, closing the distance between us until she was backed against the vanity.
“The next time a man has his hands on you like that..." I emphasized my point by pulling her roughly against me, our bodies pressed tight in a clash of silk and evening wear. “I want you to remember who you belong to.”
I lowered my head, my breath grazing the shell of her ear. She resisted me at first, her hands pushing against my chest, but I could feel the erratic rhythm of her heart matching mine.
The anger that had surged within me earlier—the defensive wall I had built to hide my own dark past—now manifested as a desperate need to reclaim her. I had let my inner demons show their faces tonight, and I was terrified that she was finally starting to see the monster I feared I was.
I sought her lips with a feverish intensity, my kiss demanding and deep. I wanted to drown out the memory of Rudolph’s touch, to replace it with the overwhelming reality of my own. For a moment, the tension shifted, the anger between us turning into a different kind of fire—a volatile mix of resentment and undeniable chemistry.
But then, she broke away, her voice cracking the heavy atmosphere.
“Stay the fuck away from me!” Kenya cried out, her voice echoing off the marble walls. Tears finally spilled over, trailing down her cheeks.
I froze, shock washing over me at the sheer raw pain in her outburst. We both stood there, breathing heavily, the silence between us more deafening than the argument.
“I am tired of your manipulations, Levi. I am tired of how you use me as an excuse for your darkness. I want a life... I can’t live like this, trapped in your shadows!” She burst into heavy sobs, turning her back to me.
The guilt tore through me like a blade. I took a step forward, tentatively wrapping my arms around her from behind. For a brief second, she seemed to collapse into me, her body shaking with the weight of her grief. I felt her ache, and it mirrored the hollowness in my own chest. I had tried so hard to protect her from my truth, only to end up being the source of her tears.
“Don't touch me!” she suddenly yelled, pulling away with a renewed burst of energy. “Just stay away from me... because all you’ve ever done is make me cry.”
“That's not true, Kenya...” I whispered, but as the words left my lips, I stilled, haunted by the realization that she might be right.
###Chapter 47:Forging Fires...

***Kenya,***

"It is. You have turned me into a shadow of myself. But that ends tonight.
" I hesitated before I continued. My voice breaking, dropping low.

I was enraged. My anger was palpable. My heart burning with the ache of all my disappointment and exhaustion. I was tired of Levi's mnanipulations.His games. I needed to stand up for myself. To rise above the abyss.

“You had asked me for forgiveness the other night, yet here we are. The same moment we were, before your request. How can I forgive one who remains bent on being who he is? A rogue.”

I shook as sobs escaped me. My words rolled off my tongue. The reality of my sorrow, settling in. Rocking my existence. There was a sudden sadness that embraced me and I didn't think I had the strength to accept it. Even though most of me felt this sadness.


"From now on, I would take control of my life." My words rang in my ears, strong and determined. “I wouldn't let you control me anymore.I would be strong and I would take back my life, Levi Ruthford. Beginning tonight, I'd be forging fires that will burn every part of you." I sobbed.Levi silently watched me,his jaw twitched.


Glaring at him one last time, I brushed past him, opened the door and walked out of the bathroom. My piercing words echoed in my heart,giving me strength to walk on, without succumbing to my weakness.

I walked out into thecold night, the biting wind reminding me of the cruelty that surrounded me. I didn't wish to wait for the car. But I needed to leave this party, away from Levi's presence. Darting my eyes to the left.
I saw a cab just pull up, dropping a passenger. Not waiting a second more,I slipped into the cab.

"Please, take me to this address on 57th."I requested, flashing my phone screen in the face of the driver. I still found it difficult acquainting myself with my new home. “But first take me to Greenwich Village."

“Alright, Lady.” The cab man nodded, pulling out into the traffic.

As the car drove off, I scrolled to Andrea's number and texted her.

***Me: Andy, can we meet tomorrow at your apartment after church. I have something to discuss with you.***

I waited a little and Andrea's response popped up the screen.

***Andrea:Alright, Ken. Everything okay? See you tomorrow***.

I blew out a breath and leaned back in the seat, allowing tears blur my vision. It was time for me to create a new life for myself and I needed to do it now. No more hanging there and letting others rule my life.Manipulate my existence like Levi had done.

My phone suddenly buzzed in my hands and I checked the screen.

***Unknown Number; Hi, beautiful. How is your evening going? Mine is rather dull,you see. I hope you are smiling, tonight.***

I watched the screen for a few seconds, contemplating the words that stared back at me.


Fresh tears flooded my eyes and I allowed them fall. I had started caring for my husband and had hoped that night he asked forgiveness, he intended to change. To share his life with me, to let me in. To know why
he had done all he had. I had truly thought we had reached a compromise,
that night of the reception. Now it turned out that he would never be more than that dangerous manipulator. The dangerous murderer. Words,which I hadn't wanted to acknowledge in my heart.

Unfortunately, I had to accept this bitter truth and move past it. Killing whatever emotions that had started showing face for him. Knowing that his demons will always be an extension of his personality.

My eyes fell tothe message on the screen.

***Me: I had a fight with my husband tonight. I hopeyou can make me happy,because my happiness has become my priority.***

A lengthened pause came.

***Unknown Number: I'd be honored to make you happy.***

Smiling, I typed, my curiousity piqued.

***Me: Am Kenya, but you can call me Ken, like everyone else does.What's your name? Sorry I haven't asked you since we started chatting.***


***Unknown Number: K.C. And I would call you Kenya. I am not everyone else.***

***Me: Alright. Goodnight K.C. Am already reaching my stop***.

***K.C****;****Goodnight,Kenya.***

***

***Two days later...***

It was Tuesday, and the ran pelted down the umbrella that Ryan held
over my head, as I came out of the car to enter Claudine's apartment building.

I phoned Claudine earlier in the day, to inform her that I was coming to see her. Howwever, the rain wasn't one I had anticipated to fall this long.All morning, falling in heavy droplets, bringing with it a biting chill that soured my mood, along with my flowing period. Somehow the emergence of my period gave me confusing feelings, bordered around disappointment and relief. But I had no idea what I felt disappointment for.

Greeting the familiar doorman, Eric, as I walked in through the front entrance, I entered the elevator. My eyes caught sight of Ryan, the security guard Levi assigned to me, conversing with Eric, as the doors slid shut.The memory of Levi coercing me into accepting Ryan as my permanent body guard, threatened to push through my thoughts, but I dispelled it.Choosing to focus on my current task.


The elevator door opened with a ping as it reached the 5th floor. I walked down the hallway, until I reached Claudine's apartment, apartment 521 A.Inhaling a deep breath, I pressed the door bell and waited for Claudine to answer. In a few seconds, the door opened with Claudine standing in the door way, beautiful and graceful as ever.


“Hello Kenya. You made it despite this rain." Claudine smiled warmly,greeting me in an embrace. Her slight accent still tinged her words, despite all these years.
###Chapter 48: I Wouldn't Speak, If You Don'



Kenya.
Claudine closed the door behind us as we entered her apartment. The air was cool, smelling of expensive lilies and floor wax. As we sat across from each other, we touched on mundane topics, the light chatter of a maid serving coffee providing a thin veil of normalcy.
Claudine could barely hide her excitement. Since my marriage to Levi, she had been eager to hear about my new life, bombarding me with questions that I answered with practiced, indulgent smiles.
While we sat, a man around Claudine’s age emerged from the hallway. He was dressed casually in a white T-shirt and black sweatpants, but his presence was striking.
“Tad, darling, this is my friend and partner, Mrs. Ruthford. I told you she’d be stopping by,” Claudine said, her voice dropping into a softer, more intimate tone. I caught the way they looked at each other—a shared understanding that made me feel like an intruder on a very private, newly blooming connection.
“Nice to meet you, Mrs. Ruthford. And congratulations on your recent nuptials,” Tad said with a respectful nod before heading to the kitchen. His presence added a layer of warmth to the room that made what I had to do feel even more like a betrayal.
“Sorry about that,” Claudine said, turning her focus back to me.
“No, please. I should be the one apologizing for dropping by unannounced,” I replied, trying to steady my racing heart.
“Kenya, honey, relax,” Claudine said, reaching out to take my hands. “Tad and I are... well, we’re exploring something new. It’s early days, and I’m taking my time with it. No need for rushing.” She gave me a sly, happy smile.
Seeing that spark of hope in her eyes made my mission feel like a heavy weight. I knew Claudine had been through a difficult divorce and years of temporary distractions. Tad seemed different, and it pained me to know that the news I brought might extinguish the very light I was seeing in her now.
"So, what was it you wanted to see me about?" Claudine asked, her expression turning more curious.
“Did you see the progress at J'aime? It’s remarkable,” she continued, not waiting for my answer. “Levi is turning the entire building into a state-of-the-art facility. It’s all because of you, darling. You’re the reason he gave us this chance.”
I felt my body grow rigid. The 'opportunity' felt more like a trap with every passing second.
“That is exactly why I’m here,” I blurted out, my eyes locking onto hers. Claudine’s gaze sharpened, the atmosphere in the room shifting instantly from warmth to a guarded chill.
“The authorities—or rather, Levi’s investigators—have evidence regarding the financial discrepancies from your past,” I started, my voice trembling but gaining strength. “They know how the funds were handled between you, your ex-husband, and the insurance claims.”
Claudine pulled her hands away, her face pale with shock. “How did he...”
“The 'how' doesn't matter,” I whispered, the weight of the last few days finally surfacing. “What matters is that if I don’t act now, everyone at J'aime will suffer. The staff will lose their jobs, and you... you would face severe legal consequences. This evidence is a guillotine hanging over our heads, waiting for one of us to make a mistake.”
Claudine studied me, her eyes filled with a mixture of fear and realization. “Is it Levi? Is he using this against you, Kenya?”
She drew closer, offering a comforting arm, and for a moment, my resolve broke. I leaned into her, the tears I had been holding back finally spilling over.
“Oh, honey. I’m so sorry,” she soothed. “This was the reason for the rushed wedding, the sudden renovation... all of it.”
I shuddered, wondering just how much she had deduced. She had seen my anxiety at the reception, my reluctance to celebrate.
“Is he... is he hurting you?” she asked suspiciously.
“No, it’s not that,” I replied, pulling back and wiping my eyes. I needed strength, not sympathy. I had come too far to let weakness ruin the plan.
“I’ve spoken to a lawyer, and she’s prepared the paperwork,” I said, standing and walking toward the window. Outside, the rain was pouring, blurring the city lights.
“These documents will transfer all liabilities and ownership of J'aime to me. The operational side will stay the same, but the legal shield will be mine. I want to buy the school from you.”
Claudine looked puzzled. “What do you mean?”
“I mean that as long as you own it, Levi has a target. But if I own it, he can’t touch it without destroying his own name and his own wife’s interests,” I said sternly, turning to face her.
“You’ve mentioned you have a home in Switzerland. I want you to go there. Move there permanently. I’ve arranged for an offshore account so your share of the profits will reach you monthly. Levi will never know your whereabouts because you’ll be out of his reach. I won’t speak of where you are, if you don't.”
The silence that followed was heavy with the realization that I was offering her a gilded escape—and taking the burden of the storm upon myself.
###Chapter 49: Twister...

Kenya.
The determination I felt was raw, a cold fire burning within me that I knew was about to be unleashed.
I felt unstoppable now. This was a different Kenya—one born out of sorrow and the desperate need to become a woman of strength. I could see the astonishment in Claudine’s eyes as she watched me; I was equally surprised by my own reflection.
This new side of me was bold, calculative, and strong-willed. I found myself yielding to this drive because I needed to see this plan through to its conclusion. I wanted an indestructible legacy, a life reclaimed. I didn't know the full extent of Claudine’s financial deceptions—the details of her insurance fraud and the betrayal of her husband remained hidden in the fine print—but the fear in her expression told me everything I needed to know. I had to achieve this. It was a necessity to end Levi’s hold over my life and the lives of those I loved.
Perhaps this was my way of proving I could fight for my own rights. Perhaps it was the only way I could grow. I needed a life where Levi could no longer hurt me—a life where I held the leverage.
Yet, amidst the plotting, I couldn't deny the volatile pull that existed between us. It was a cataclysmic connection, a resonance so strong it often left me breathless. I wondered what would become of that magnetic tether once I unleashed the storm I had planned.
"I don't know why Levi did this. I don't know his reasons for manipulating the situation this way," Claudine’s voice broke my thoughts. I stared at her, caught off guard.
She rose from the couch and joined me at the window, looking out at the city. "But I see something when he is with you, Kenya. A sincere devotion. It reminds me of what I once shared with my first true love."
Horror etched across my face. "What? Devotion? Claudine, he’s controlling me."
"It reminds me of Jean," she continued, her gaze turning misty. "I loved him when I was just a girl on a farm in Brittany. But my parents had debts they couldn't manage. Then I met Jimmy. He was an American tourist who helped my parents, invested in their farm. They saw him as a godsend."
She let out a hollow laugh. "A few days later, they told me I had to marry him to save the family. They forced my hand with threats of their own despair. I married Jimmy and never saw Jean again. Jimmy was nice, he was caring, but there was no soul in our union. No love."
I considered her words. Her story was a mirror of my own—a life carved from coercion.
"So why did you do it? Why defraud Jimmy if he was kind to you?" I asked.
"Because he stole my life," Claudine said, her voice dropping to a sharp, cold edge. "I wanted him to pay for the years I spent as a bird in a gilded cage."
I saw the fury burning in her eyes, even after all these years. I wondered if I truly held that same disdain for Levi. The difference was terrifying: I had started to care for Levi, whereas Claudine had stayed cold to Jimmy until the end.
“J'aime? Does it mean what I think?" I asked, curiosity momentarily overriding my dread.
A small, sad smile touched her lips. “J'aime Jean. I love Jean. Still."
The simplicity of those words carried the weight of a lifetime of regret.
“I won’t be changing the name of the school. Everything will remain as it is,” I assured her, meeting her eyes. An appreciative smile touched her face, and she pulled me into a tight, emotional hug. We stood there for a long moment, two women bound by different versions of the same sorrow.
After a while, Claudine pulled back and held my face in her palms.
"What will you do with this 'twister' you’ve planned for your husband if you realize you’ve fallen for him?"
The question hit me like a physical blow. "What makes you think that would happen, Claudine?"
"I wasn't born yesterday, Kenya," she grinned slyly, her eyes sparkling with a hint of her old mischief. "Passion like yours doesn't just vanish. It transforms."

Levi.
Meanwhile...
"This is outrageous!" I roared, slamming the documents onto my desk.
My hands shook with a rare, unbridled rage as I scanned the reports Blake had compiled. The investigation had gone deeper than I ever anticipated.
"These papers, sir," Blake said, his voice taut with concern, "show that RINA Mines has been fueling conflicts in those regions for years. We accounted for almost every subsidiary when we took over, except for one: CARSON Mines."
I stared at the name on the letterhead. It was a ghost company, a shadow on the balance sheet with no feasible profits or public records.
"We uncovered that CARSON Mines was a front for an illegal diamond extraction operation," Blake continued. "It was owned by your father and a select group of his associates. They used it to strip resources and bypass every international procedure and human rights protocol on the books. It was a black site for wealth, Levi. And the records show it’s still active."
The realization hit me like a lead weight. My family’s legacy—the very foundation I had worked so hard to sanitize and build upon—was built on a bedrock of blood and secrets. And if this came out now, it wouldn't just destroy my career; it would incinerate everything I was trying to protect. Including Kenya.
###Chapter 50:CARSON Mines...

***Levi.***

"A certain Rowan, a former associate of CARSON Mines, is responsible for continuing the illicit transactions, under the name of CARSON Mines,despite your complete ownership of RINA Mines. Ploughing these communities, without compensation or proper procedure. And since CARSON was never really considered, it was never taken to account by us."Blake explained, his tone grave.

There were documents that affirmed to discreet business dealings carried out in the name of CARSON Mines. A company, which I had inherited along with other companies and rebranded from RFO to RINA Mines. But I had no idea that these shady dealings had been carried out by my father in the past,causing the community conflicts that had caused the deaths of many. I shifted my eyes through the papers and my heart tore at the mortality caused by the deals.

Falling back into my office chair, I spread the papers on my desk and glared at them. My eyes stung.

'*The sins of thy fathers.' I* thought as I continued to observe the papers before me.


There were list of names attached to all the affected countries. Names of men, women and children, catalogued in the papers. The names of their villages, clans, their dates of birth, their time of death. It was all written in black and white before my eyes.

“I took liberties to look through the documents as soon as I discovered that your mother in-law's birth country was named. I think you would be interested to see what I fouind." Blake gravelly supplied.
I lifted a wary gaze to Blake, a sudden terror surging through me.I scrutinized the papers until I reached a sheet with Sierra Leone as the header. Perusing through the pages, my heart in my mouth, I came across a circled section of the names. Stilling at the sight.

"*Mr Willis Anderson*."I breathed, shakily.

Tremor gripped me, as my fears were confirmed. One which I had inwardly prayed against, the second Blake had raised my suspicions. My eyes lingered on the highlighted spot; scanning it, checking if there was any chance it could be a lie. But it wasn't. The name of my wife's father was aggressively glaring back at me.

“*Fuck*!”I roared, pushing back my chair, aggressively. I strode to the window. The rain pelting down the window, with the dark, gloomy sky mirroring my dismay.

“Kenya can't find out about this.” I shook my head, my back to Blake as I spoke.


“We aren't at a good point in our marriage at the moment. And the last thing we need is for her to find out that her father was one of the casualties of CARSON Mines." I placed my hand on the cold window.Absently watching the city line.

"I am sorry about that. But you must know that your marriage wouldn't be youar only worry, the moment this gets further out." I heard Blake warn as he stood behind me.


“You should know I am not worried about that. What concerns me is the horrid transactions that had been carried out using RFO as a cover. And now,am paying the fucking price, with my wife's heart hanging in the balance.”I groaned inwardly.
"What happened between you?" Blake asked, his eyes on me.

I huffed. "At Saturday's party she wanted to know more about me,about our life, Blake and I was curt with her." A knowing look crossed Blake's eyes.“Then Crawford came around and I got irritated at seeing him with her. Things got heated and she blew steam on me."

“Levi.” Blake started, quietly. “She has a right to know about you. About who we are. About the life we lived. You can't deprive her of that."

“But that part isn't pleasant, Blake. It's not something I am proud of.”I shook my head, my eyes shut tight. Flashes of memories I preferred buried resurfaced. The usual darkness creeping in.

“Give her a chance to choose, Levi. You haven't allowed her a chance to decide what she wants, since Hank. Since this marriage. Give her that much. She deserves it." Blake urged, his hand on my shoulder.

“I couldn't have let her do otherwise, with Hank, Blake. I wasn't going to let that bastard hurt her further,”I said.


"Then tell her who you really are,Levi."

I raised a thoughtful gaze to Blake, measuring his words. My chest constricted at the thought and I tried to breathe. The phone on the desk rang and interrupted the thick air. Blake went over to pick the call.

"It's finance, Levi." Blake dropped the receiver. "They want to inform you that all funds and stocks directed to AUDACIOUS BRAND have been discontinued, as you directed. Further, they said all existing investors, that you had introduced to the company, have also been advised to do the same,immediately."

I nodded, a small satisfaction stemming within me.
"Write a public disclaimer against CARSON Mines as well as Rowan, and ensure it is followed up with a court injunction. Anything that would ensure that this is nipped in the bud." I instructed.

"The journalist informed me that he is open for negotiations, to put an end to this." Blake supplied. I stared at him, skeptically, even though relief washed over mne. My brows knitted, as I considered this revelation.

"Fine. Call him and fix something with him for later tonight. I want this bullshit over and done with. And destroy every trace of these documents."I sternly ordered.


Blake nodded his head, gathered all the documents from the desk and quietly exited the room.

Highlighting my laptop screen to attend to some work, I tried to push the misery that continued to linger.

He wasn't ready for this. I had fought too hard to build my family's legacy from scratch and even adding mine. And an occurrence like this only evoked problems, which could pose a threat to all that I had built,including my recent marriage.
###Chapter 51: Carmen Strad...

***Levi.***

I didn't care what this could cost my political career. But having Kenya loathe me further, was just horrific.

Barely speaking to me since that Saturday night, with just a few words spoken with contempt, I wondered how I still held desire for her.

That night she had raged at me, I had been astonished at her words,which had stung greatly. Left speechless, guilt eating me,because her words had truth. A reminder of my cruelty. A reaffirmation my unworthiness. Yet, I buried all the emotions. Choosing to ignore the truth.

Eventually, I had returned to the party, only to discover that my wife was nowhere. I had immediately returned home, to find her absent. Worried,I had her tracked. She had stopped by her old apartment.

I waited for her in the living room, late into the night. My emotions stretched thin. Her eventual return later at night, had only met my questioning expression with her indifference. Kenya had brushed past me like I didn't exist, like my concern didn't matter. And that had hurt.Preferring to give her the much needed space I believed she deserved, I hadn't pressed further that night.

Only when she woke up, the following morning, did I deliver the news to her, that she was to be escorted by a bodyguard without arguments. Not ready to put her life on the line, after Saturday night, where I had been worried about her, I had made my decision. An unwelcomed decision, if her glare that morning could stand as an emotion, but one taken in good stride, nonetheless.
With this new development, I could only imagine her distraught if she ever found out.



Later in the day, My phone buzzed with an incoming message from Blake.

***Blake: Journalist would wait for you at the abandoned building site,Harlem. Pick up at 7PM.***

***Me:Would be waiting.***

I looked up from my cell phone in time to hear a commotion at the door.The door burst open, only for Carmen Strad, two of my guards posted at the door and my secretary, to all scramble in, my Secretary hurrying to stand before me. Her face drawn in apprehension.

“Am sorry, Mr Ruthford. But Miss Strad came in without an appointment.I tried to..."


“It's alright, Renee. You can all return to duties." I instructed,sweeping my gaze across my staff.

I glanced at the clock, it was already 5pm.

I had expected Carmen sooner. Perhaps she had waited this long, because she knew that the staff would be closing for the day by now. Just like old times, when she had artfully convinced me to put my figures in her business, two years ago.

The sound of the door clicking shut after my employees exited the room.filled the silence.

"Why, Levi? Why would you pull out your stocks from AUDACIOUS?
And worse. I have not rested from calls...Investors informing me that they are done."


Carmen glared at me, her composure cracking under her alluring demeanor. She wore a peach colored two-piece suit. The white silk camisole peeking out, revealing the small 'V' of her cleavage.She had her hair held in a low bun, with some stray strands hanging out. I leaned back,silently observing her from expressionless eyes.


"Is it your wife that asked you to do this? She told you what happened,isn't it?” Carmen asked, infuriated. She turned away from me for a moment, her shoulders stiffening. Sagging her shoulders, she turned back to face me. Her red rimmed eyes, softening.


“I...can't believe you could do this to me, after all we had. I never knew you to take orders from women, Levi. You have always been different.Impervious to others. That is one thing I admnired about you." She came around the desk, until she sat on it, next to me. Her perfume, an expensive blend of flowers, filled my space. But I didn't even flinch. Trembling,Carmen took one of my hands, lacing her fingers in mine.

"Why would you listen to your wife and ruin an arrangement we had,Levi." She held my fingers tight. I said nothing, only allowed my gaze linger on her. Her mask of calm breaking, Carmen lowered herself to her knees and reached for my fly. In one swift move, Levi instinctively held her hands in a tight grip, my gaze narrowed on her.

“Don't even think about it." I growled, furious. Carmen's face twisted in horror,fear gripping her.

“Levi,”she whispered.

“You insulted my wife, you insulted me."
“But...why would you listen to her...why don't you listen to my side of it?”She asked,nervously.

“She didn't tell me anything, Carmen. Crawford did. And you know what it did?" I released her hands, dropping them gently to her sides. Carmen shook her head.


"It reminded me of your status, Carmen. So I had to put you where you belong." I stated. Carmen parted her lips in shock. Tears pooled.She shook her head.


“You can't Levi. It would ruin me. Already, Copeland, Bethel, Macklesfield,they've sent their notices. They've pulled out. The rest will follow, Levi.They will all pull out their stocks. It would ruin me, Levi.” Carmen cried,a harsh sob tearing through her. "I was loyal to you, Levi. You can't do this.”


My heart was dead. I walked to the window. The rain stopped minutes ago,the city already lit.

“You were also a loyal whore to each of the names you just called, Carmen and many more. I am sure you'd survive.” I heard her gasp. Her reputation was renowned in my circle. I turned to her.

"I don't want to ever see you anywhere near my wife or anything that concerns her again. If I do, then you wouldn't even have any stocks left to run your skin line business. Be grateful you were very good with your mouth.”


And with that, I gathered my items and stalked out of the room.
###Chapter 52: Harlem...

***Levi.***

Harlem brought back memories that I would have preferred buried.But desperate times they say, called for desperate measures. And I had to take this.


The car drove to a very isolated side of Harlem, not too far from the Harlem River. The building site, decades long abandoned, was dilapidated.Sometimes serving as a refuge for homeless people. I inwardly wondered how the tall building still stood. My gaze observed it from my side of the window, my mind anxious. There was no light on the building or its surrounding. It was all pitch black.

Climbing down the vehicle, I felt the stinging cold, my throat tightening.The smell of the last drops of rain, remained.


I clasped my coat, plumes coming out of my mouth. I had another car waiting a little further down, while Blake and I walked towards the tall building. The air was humid and smelled of filth. I masked the feelings and continued to walk. Blake's phone vibrated with an incoming call. We stopped, sharing a look, before Blake answered it.

"Top floor." Blake quietly announced, after he ended the call.
***18 years ago...***

*'Please, please, don't do this man. I swear I didn't mean to go against your orders. I..." A sharp scream followed the words, the echoes from the building shrilling the night.*

*“Levi, Finish this. I don't want this mother fucker in my eyes one minute longer."'A voice ordered.quietly.*

*The words a familiar sing song. I rose from where I had been sitting on a broken table, mindlessly watching the entire scene. Drawing closer,my steps taken in slow strides, I reached the screaming man, who was hung upside down from a rope. My eyes turned stone cold,my lips thin as I observed the man. Writhing and alarmed. Worrying his bonds,the man whimpered. Recognition in his eyes as he saw me.*

*"Please, Levi...Please. Ask him to give me another chance. It was Black Pea...Black Pea suggested the drop to Ice Fred,for better cut...You know I wouldn't do bad on him, man.” The man desperately pleaded.*

*Pulling my blade, the light catching the fire that burned in a beat up barrel, I sneered.*


*"No one but him, calls me Levi here," I growled, quietly. “And as for Black Pea, he's own is coming.”*


*At the horrorstruck look on the whimpering man's face, I grinned, darkly.With a precise stroke, my blade sliced the mnan's throat. A deep gurgling sound,quieting the night. The others that surrounded the fire, standing horrorstruck, staring at me with apprehensive eyes.*



**



***N***
“We're on the right floor, Levi." Blake's nudge shook me off that memory.

I stared blankly at Blake, trying to gather my thoughts. Then shuffles of footsteps came from beside me and we turned to see the shadow of a man,standing at the far end of what should have been a corridor. The man approached us, Blake shining his torch on him. He stood on a doorway,covered by a makeshift, plastic bag. The entire building was filled with such similar sights.

“You made it. Already thought I needed to take my offer elsewhere." The man jeered, the scent of smoke clouding him. He wore a camel colored trench coat, frayed at the edges. A pair of glasses, it's bridge held by a white tape, hung on his gaunt face. His hair, ruffled.

“Do you have all the existing evidence we asked for?” Blake asked,impatiently, ignoring the man.

"I believe the Senatorial aspirant has a tongue." The man jabbed. Blake moved for the man, but I stayed him.

“Give us a minute, Blake.”

Blake levelled a hard gaze on the man, before he walked away.

Walking towards a window, away from earshot, I turned to the man, who now stood beside me. The dim light from the moon, illumined the man's features.He was a stupid Journalist; I had already deduced that. But I was willing to negotiate, because I had something to lose. This guy, I doubted,even knew where his next meal would come from.

"I have worked years as a freelance journalist, but never have I snagged the amount of money I have received on youir account. I was paid by Crompton to dig out shit on you, you know. But your shit has been hard
to find. I refused to give Crompton the files, because he didn't want to pay me all I asked. I only watered his appetite. Gave him a sneak peek to what I had." The man bragged, arrogantly.


"So instead I decided to find you, knowing you would need this mnore.They're all in here. In this hard drive." The man chuckled, tapping his hand against his coat. Then lighting what must be another cigarette, he dragged on it. I silently watched him, expressionlessly.

"How much do you want?” I was curt, glaring hard1. A grating chuckle sliced into the silence.


“Precise. I like that. No wonder you were hard to find. But I'll give you that, you are a reputable man, on the surface." The man sneered, smugly.He contemplated for a few moments. “10 million dollars and you've got the damned hard drive."


Momentarily gauging the man's words, I nodded. “Deal. Mly man would handle that. Just leave him the details, before we head out..."


“Ah...And...” The journalist cut in, mischievously. “I always wanted a house on the Bahamas. Something that I and the Misses and my little kids can enjoy.” My jaw twitched. My lips a tight line, sensing the man's cunningness. I was ready to bet that the man had no wife or kids. But I was desperate to end this, before word reached Kenya.
###Chapter 53:He Tripped...

***Levi.***

"Give the details to my man. He'd handle it." I repeated curtly,turning to leave.


Tension slowly ebbes away, as I neared the door way.

“Does your wife know that her country people were killed because of you.Senator?”


I stilled in my tracks, a chill suddenly claimning me. White flash crossed my eyes. My senses alert, waiting. But I barely knew what I was waiting for. I was only aware of something dark, replacing the initial persona that had walked up this building moments ago.


“I wonder how she fucks you at night, knowing that you killed countless of her people, including her father." The man's words cut into the night.

The jeer, a direct stab. A warning to my sheltered life with Kenya. An undercurrent to a potential rain of mayhem. A cataclysmic storm, which could rock my entire world and destroy this new life that God handed me on a golden platter. *Kenya*, my wife, My aphrodisiac. My friend. A purity that I didn't deserve, knowing my truth.

Yet, I wondered if I might have done something in my past life, to have been bestowed such a goddess. Because even though she didn't wish to accept it, even though she preferred to hate me, she had become a part of me that I couldn't lose.

And a threat from a despicable nobody, as this journalist, was only going to ruin this chance for me.
Turning around slowly, I sauntered towards the journalist. My face cloaked in the darkness. My silence stretched, the man unaware of the roiling anger that simmered inside. Reaching the man, I gave a sinister smile, inching closer.Towering over him, until the man was cornered.

"What was that you said again. Something about how I fucked my wife."I continued to inch closer, not a space left. The man spooked,backing further out into the night. The air suddenly hitting us, enveloping us. We were outside now, standing on a stone ledge that stretched out. I halted directly in front of him.

“No...Nothing...Senator." The man shook his head, his feet shifting nervously on the ledge. It had the width of a ramp, the ledge. Yet it was frightening, standing so high up. The moon reached us now and the man finally saw the hellish glare in my eyes.

"I thought so." I grinned, darkly. I turned away, as if heading back in the direction we came. Behind me, the journalist heaved a sigh.

"On second thought, I think not." And in two strides, I closed the space,picking up the much smaller man and threw him off the ledge.

It was quick, unexpected. The man didn't see it coming, hence he didn't even have the time to scream, for long, before he reached the floor. A thud sounded down, just as I heard the rush of feet come up beside me.

"What happened?" Blake asked breathlessly. He leaned forward,staring down. Horror and confusion furrowing his face. “Levi, what happened to the man?”


"He tripped." We watched the horrid sight below from the height; Blake breathless, me maintaining a frightening calm. After a few moments, I exhaled and turned to leave.
"Clean the mess Blake." I quietly uttered.

"What about the files we needed from him?" Blake called out, baffled.

"Check the hard drive in his pocket." I didIn't give a backward glance.

***

***Sunday, Five days later...***

In a time of crisis, one of these actions is always certain of a man; frightor flight or fight. Fright, because there is no way out and there is no probability of an imminent solution, hence fear. Flight, because it is the only cowardly action. The safest option. And those two were never my options. I fought to the death, like a gladiator in the ring.

The car drove through the dark night that reflected my dark soul,as I returned from yet another impromptu campaign tour. This time amongst an immigrant community that wanted to pledge their support, as well as lay out their concerns. They wished to be fully recognized as members of the society; having affordable healthcare and housing. Afterall, they constantly partook in the nation's growth. The tiny cornerstones in an entire building structure.


I had listened to all they said, danced with a few of the elderly women,who had happily seen my presence as a sign of my commitment to the poor and disregarded. I had even played a game of solitaire and chess with the men. The only regret I had, was not bringing Kenya, because the community people,had all wanted her presence.

Seeing that It had been an unplanned tour, stemmed from the sorrow the people suffered, I had attended. And regret was something that rarely crossed my thoughts.
My only thoughts lately have been centered on my marriage with Kenya my duty to the helpless, and sometimes my business affairs. I rarely bothered about my Senatorial aspiration; seeing it as a duty, which I would carry out dutifully if I won. As for been desperate about wining,I rarely blinked a wink about that. All that actually robbed me of sleep these nights, was my marriage, which wwas hanging on the edge of a cliff at the moment.


Barely talking to me, it was like I didn't even exist in Kenya's world.A situation, which I barely managed well. My façade due to break any moment,because I was scared of losing her.

The ruination of my marriage, was a risk I couldn't condone. And any threat to our existence as a couple, I was willing to erase, no matter the cost.

On that cold night, five days ago, I had felt Blake's questioning gaze,when I had left the scene with the journalist, but I had ignored him.Returning home to my wife.


It was 10pm, when I arrived. And not wanting to disrupt her peaceful sleep.I had gone to the spare room, where I had slept sinceSaturday night s outburst.
###Chapter 54: White Flag...

***Levi.***

Tonight, was for Kenya.

I wasn't deterred from laying down my weapons. Waving my white flag.I missed being inside her, terribly. I missed our old connection. And I had no idea to mend the rip. To return us back.

Walking into the penthouse, I was greeted by silence. I locked the door,moving further in.

Crossing to mount the stairs, a sight halted me.

Kenya, dressed in a transparent, pepper red strapless gown, stood on the doorway of the dining area. Her entire intimate parts, on display. Her hair,in a low chignon. I frowned, confusion creasing my forehead. My appreciative gaze, drank her in, assessing all she had to offer. Her perky breasts,full and welcoming beneath the dress. Enthralling. I lowered my gaze to the shadow that darkened in-between her thighs. My nerves heightened at the sight.

“Good evening husband. The monitor announced your arrival, so I got myself ready to welcome you," Kenya greeted sultrily, her eyes brazen.

I grew wide eyed, at her address. I had never heard her acknowledge me as her husband and I found myself baffled at it. Shifting a studious gaze to her, I saw a falter in her gaze, giving away a crack in her demeanor.I suddenly wondered at her countenance, what she was playing at.Suspicion and desire, warring within me.

Nodding my head, I redirected my steps and sauntered leisurely towards
her, my dark gaze holding hers. I noticed Kenya squirm under my heated gaze, her thighs instinctively coming together. An evidence that her seduction equally affected her, as it did me. A dark grin danced on my lips.

Drawing close to her, her perfume, warming me senseless;roses and lavender. A new perfume, perhaps, I inhaled.

"You smell good, wife." I intoned, my breath grazing her right ear. Kenya inhaled a sharp breath, the sound, thrilling. Desire surged within me and centered in my aroused length. Seeing her discomfort, I smirked. I thumbed her chin, lowering my lips to claim a kiss. Soft. Slow. Intimate.Kenya moaned, impulsively, her eyes closed as she drank me in.


Pushing her, until her back was against the door, I deepened the kiss.Pressing myself, until there wasn't a space left.


My hands came up her sides, caressing her bare hands. Groping her and singing her skin, through the thin fabric of her dress. I didn't draw close to her breasts. Her nipples pointed, awaiting my touch. Her body caved,making Kenya hold me for support. Her hands, splayed on my shoulders,clutching me.


“Am sure there was a reason you had this done?" I asked against her lips.My whisper, hoarse. Kenya paused briefly, her eyes watching me, before she nodded.


“I made dinner.” She smiled. I pulled back and watched her with fascination.

“You cooked? But there is the staff?" I incredulously asked. Mild amazement enveloping me. My heart already warm. I wondered if I had fallen from that building to my death that night, and not the journalist.Because this looked like I had died and gone to Heaven. Kenya,seducing,
cooking for me; life couldn't be better.

"I had help and they all retired for the night.” Kenya smiled sweetly. A balm to my condemned soul. Nodding in understanding, I smiled, tugging her hand.


"Come on, let's eat." I led us to the dining table.

The entire dinner arrangement was breathtaking, impressive. I was mesmerized at Kenya's efforts. A complete candle light with scented pillar candles, gracing the smooth, white marble, dining surface. The foods covered in fancy dinner wares. I sat on a dining stool, watching her with genuine interest, as she maneuvered the dining, serving us.

Sitting beside me, we ate in comfortable silence. I watched her from guarded eyes, as I ate. My mind distracted from the feel of all her bare skin beneath. The taste of the food; Rice, draped in a savory sauce, salad and chicken, was exquisite, sending me to a fever. The selected wine, a sweet Merlot variety, was smooth on the tongue and a perfect balance of fruity flavors. Dry, yet perfect. Its smell, earthy.

After eating, Kenya rose to go bring the desserts. My gaze lingered on her swaying hips. The outline of her bare bottom, showing underneath. When she returned, she dropped my dessert, her fingers lazily trailing mine.I swallowed, the gesture, which I couldn't determine if it was deliberate, sent me to madness.

I lowered my gaze to the glass of dessert; a chocolate hazelnut dessert,laced with dried mangoes and chocolate ganache, smelled divine. But something else called, a torturous desire. A burning so strong, I shook within. My hands trembling from all the course of pleasure that travelled through me. All her delectable self, mine for the taking.
“Come here." I beckoned with my dark gaze calling to Kenya. My dessert decided.


Kenya rose to her feet, measured steps swaying her hips, as she closed the distance.


I gently tugged her, closer, pressing my face to her belly, tasting her heat.She smelled swveet. I nipped her, kissed her on the spot, through thefabric.Kenya held my head, raking her fingers through my silky hair. I lowered my lips to her heated flesh, and kissed her there. Smelling her hot,heady arousal.


Lifting Kenya off the ground, I placed her on the dining surface. Her sharp intake of breath, trilling my senses. Shifting her further inside,I reached for my glass of dessert. Smiling,playfully.

“You haven't said a word to me in days, barely acknowledging my presence. How come tonight, not that am complaining." I hastily added the last bit. Kenya put her fingers into my hair, hesitantly kissing me.Delicious.


“My period. Women get cranky in those few days. Hormones.” Her eyes crinkled, amusedly.

“I hope it wasn't too painful. I understand It can be disconcerting."I expressed,concerned.Recalling mum's painful episodes.

“A little." Her expression, thoughtful,“How did you know about the discomfort that accompanies it?”
###Chapter 55: Dessert...

***Kenya.***

Levi hesitated, his expression meditative. I wondered why I needed to know. Not like I cared.


*But you do.*

I heard inside my heart. I dispelled the voice.

“Remember when I said we didn't have servants for over a decade." His tone was playful, a laugh accentuating his words. But I could feel the tension of his shoulders, beneath my fingers.

"So I used to help mum run to Mr Chen's drug store, when we first got into Hell's kitchen. Once her period starts, I run there and Mr Chen wraps all she needs for me. No charges. We barely had much to eat, in those first few months. Everyone was nice to us. Inviting us for dinners and stuff."Levi smiled, staring at me. His eyes softened.


I weakened in my heart "I am sorry that you had to go through that."I muttered, my hands coming to cup his face.

Levi locked gazes with me. Something passing between us. But it was fleeting, yet, I think we both felt it. Choosing to dispel the unnerving feeling,which I couldn't decipher, I focused on him as he picked his glass of dessert.


“Remember that night we first had dinner and I wanted to eat you for dessert?" He paused, watching the effect of his words play on my face.

My smile was timid, as my fingers picked off invincible specks on his shoulders.
"This is what I wanted to do that night."

I watched as Levi kissed me, slowly, deeply. His lips played with mine.His tongue teased mine. I reciprocated, pulling him closer, wounding my legs around him. Levi pressed himself into me, his hand gripping me tight.

***

***Levi***.

My breath hitched sharply, as my arousal pressed into her opened thighs.A moan escaped her as she felt the painful pressure of my arousal,nudging her. She squirmed under the pressure. Her center already slick.

Lying her gently, until she was flat on the table, I slowly bunched up her dress. She complied as I raised her legs to the table's surface, pulling up the hem of her dress so slow. My fingers deliberately trailing along the parts of her skin, left bare by my actions. A kiss or two was equally dropped, to replace the feel of my fingers.


Reaching her center, I inhaled a sharp breath at the sight of her, pantless. I heard her chuckle. Her center already slick, welcoming. And I could smell her arousal coming out strong,teasing.

A pleasant mix of tangy and fruity scents, sailed up my nostrils. My gaze,appreciative. I had earlier suspected her pantless, with the shadow that had settled there, earlier. I was thrilled at my confirmed suspicions.

"I am going to do wicked things to you tonight, Kenya. Especially as you have been a good girl...Cooking. Making us dessert." Soft kisses punctuated inside her thighs, as I saved her sweet, slickness for last.1smiled wickedly, seeing her eagerness,

"And am going to enjoy every moment of doing all that to you." I added.
as I spooned some cold chocolate at the entrance of her center. Kenya jerked at the unexpected coldness. She stilled, making to shift. But my gentle fingers stayed her, reassuring her. At the same time, I lowered my lips to her and placed a small kiss onto her center. Kenya inhaled a sharp breath.


“Levi...” Kenya moaned, shakily.

Since that night after the party she had avoided my presence, preferring to stay away from me. My thoughts running wild for her, whenever I sensed her near. But this night wasn't going to be all for her. A penance. A plea.

“Levi...” Kenya cried, as the first lick from my skillful tongue,accompanied my kiss. I lapped her pearl, loudly. Licking my way through,until she juiced into my mouth. I licked the entire delectable dessert; all smudgy, soft,sticky and dripping, in her pussy. Her entire being, prone to my whispers. Her body, reacting to my familiar licks and kisses. My tongue on her pearl, sucking her.

Rocking her hips, Kenya allowed my tongue to thrust into her, sucking and stroking her. Circles, strokes, teasing, until she was limp. Her entire body rigid, before she broke into a complete fever.

“Levi!” Kenya cried out, as her body shattered beneath my ministrations.Her hold,crashed.


As soon as I heard her cry of release, I lifted myself to my full height, my extended cock, hard and rigid. Taking down my zipper, I allowed my cock free, the pain from my own arousal, tearing through me. Days of going without Kenya, evident in the way my hands trembled, as my fingers stroked my cock. The precum,already dripping from my fingers.

"See what you do to me, Baby...Am dripping for you." My sultry voice
echoed through the haze of need that stretched through us.

Positioning myself at the entrance of her wet center, I eased myself home.Her body, tight, slick, dripping with her sweet, savory cum, stretching for me. Kenya let a soft cry, as my cock stretched her whole. I was gentle. Not pushing, not aggressive. My deliberate, slow invasion, allowing her body take me whole, Until I was buried to the hilt in her. I stood over her, my hands gripping her thighs, as I was embedded in her, her pussy,pulsing.Her body, trembling. The scent of her desire filling my nostrils. The taste of her and the chocolate, sating me, soaking my senses.

Barely able to contain myself, wanting to see her body glow under the soft light, I ripped her dress. She gasped at the painful tug, her body bare before me. A delectable chocolate hue, just like the one she had served me.Her breasts, full,glorious before me, I reached for one nipple and bit into it.Stroking the other nipple, pinching it and having Kenya writhing in minutes. Her naked body squirmed for me. Her puckered nipples, calling my name. Her hips, rocking.
###Chapter 56: Play...Baby...

***Kenya.***

I rolled my hips, sultrily.

The marble table top, cold to my bare skin. Stinging me on one end,while Levi was buried into me on the other end. I rolled some more,the pain singing through me. Pleasurable, aching. My body longing for his familiar stokes. And he, sensing my need, began moving his hips. His cock punishing. He pulled me to him, the gesture, thrusting him further inside.My bottom, raised in his hands.


I think he grew wicked and he ventured to do something new for me.Holding my hot bottom in his hands, my legs wrapped round his hips,our bodies pressed together, while we kissed, Levi pumped me. Faster and faster at a pace that surprised me. I held him tight, my lips parted from his as I watched our bodies, joined together. Not a space between us. The scent of our arousal, sinful. Unforgivable.


I cried; from the sweet pain, from the satisfaction I derived. From the craving he caused. I wanted him whole. I didn't wish this to ever end.Because once it ended, the reality that surrounded us, would implode this feeling of desire we shared. A feeling I had tried to deny, countless times.Even when Levi had stated it. Even when Claudine had implied it days ago.


I felt my body shutting off, as thoughts of Claudine crept in. Sensing my sudden shift, Levi gave room in between our bodies. And putting a deft finger, while he continued to pump me faster, he toyed with my hardened.juicy pearl. Pulsating and pliant to his touch. I succumbed to the sudden call to surrender, to take Levi whole. I rolled my hips, digging myself
deeper into him.

"Play with your nipples for me, baby." Levi intoned, his voice grazing the shell of my right ear.

I moaned. My fingers quietly obeyed, toying with my hardened nipples.I had never played with myself before. I had heard of ladies doing it.The pleasure it gave, exploring their bodies. But this, this was totally new to me. Levi was bringing a new side to me. With a new position and idea,every time we had sex. It was all maddening.


I copied the way he had teased my nipples countless times, my fingers acting from instinctive memory and I moaned deeper. The ache, intense,reaching me and tugging my center. My entire body so exposed to Levi, all at his mercy. Yet, I didn't care. I had already surrendered to him the moment I first set my eyes on him, at the theater. It was only fortime to allow my body accept all the pleasures he could give. And if that was all we could get, then it was acceptable to me.

“Am...Am cumin,Levi..." I cried, my voice climbing as I neared release.

Levi's fingers worked my clit, my fingers twitching and twisting my nipples. It was all consuming.

"Cum for me, baby. Don't hold back..,” Levi pleaded.

He pumped a little bit faster, then given one slow stroke, he pulled out and pushed in again, sending me to the height of a maddening orgasm.

My body grew rigid for a second. My body breaking, causing me to crash into a world, a time he had created for us. My cum flooded him. Gripping his cock, Levi gave one final push. He gave a guttural cry of triumph,as his cock went taut. Full, throbbing inside me, Flooding me with his own
release. Our juicy cum, synchronized. He gripped me, his entire soul singing my name.

Pulling out of me, he gave me a long, deep kiss. My heart bursting with excitement. He pulled back, taking off his jacket to cover me.

It seemed his mind only centered on devouring me whole earlier. And now, he was calm. Smiling at him, my eyes, falling into a timid gaze,I spoke first.


“Did you enjoy dessert?" I bit my lip, my eyes searching his for assertion.A wide grin split Levi's face.

“Did I? That was the most delicious dessert I have ever tasted." Levi kissed me,playfully.

I chuckled at his playfulness. His lips coming to bite my ears, the action tickling me.


We both chuckled, while I climbed down the table. My feet touching the ground, I curiously watched him, as he slipped his still hard cock, into his pants.

“Why...Why are you still hard? Were you not satisfied?" I impulsively blurted out, disappointment stinging me.

Displeased that he hadn't found satisfaction after being inside me. After the heated pleasure we just shared. I had heard from Andrea and read that a man only remained hard, if he found a woman inadequate in bed.And now I felt inadequate, unable to satisfy him. I suddenly wondered if this had happened more than once, and I only hadn't noticed it until now.

Levi lifted an amused expression to me, his grin boyish. He parted his lips to speak, but shut it again, chuckling. I saw his unease and feared the
worst.

“I...I promise you that was...very...incredible..." He was lost for words,his hands coming up to cup my face, tenderly. I eyed him, dubiously.

"Then why are you still like that?" I lowered my eyes to his still bulging cock. Levi followed my gaze and smiled. He placed a tender kiss on my lips.


"That is to tell you that...I enjoyed all we did, but..." He paused, searching for words.


“But?"I pressed.

“But.I.Want. More."

Levi emphasized each word with a deep kiss. An astonished gaze,followed by a bright smile, climbing my face, at those words. I deepened the kiss,pressing myself further into him. Levi responded to the kiss with an equal fervor, before he pulled away, slightly.

I watched him, my body already reacting with excitement. I wanted this again. He satisfied me. I should do the samne.


“You are very sore at the moment and still getting used to passion.I shouldn't overwhelm you."
###Chapter 57: Take Me Again...

Levi.
I took a breath, the silence of the room thick with a tension I could no longer ignore. Despite the composure I tried to maintain, my heart hammered against my ribs, a rhythmic echo of the desire that had been simmering beneath the surface for weeks.
As I looked at Kenya, standing there with her hair slightly tousled and her eyes reflecting the soft glow of the Manhattan skyline, the air between us seemed to vibrate. The barrier I had built around my heart was crumbling, piece by piece.
"Take me again," she whispered. The words weren't a command, but a plea—a call for connection that mirrored the hunger in my own soul.
I stilled, watching her with a mixture of surprise and profound longing. For a moment, my voice failed me. I searched her gaze, finding a playfulness there that I hadn't expected.
“But...” she started, pulling back from my reach, her expression turning mischievous. “You’ll have to catch me first.”
She turned and ran toward the grand staircase. I couldn't help but let out a short, genuine laugh—a sound that felt foreign yet welcome in this house. I followed her, the chase adding a layer of exhilarating energy to the night. We raced toward the master suite, a room that had felt more like a museum than a sanctuary until this very moment.
I caught her just inside the door. We stood there, breathless, the city lights filtering through the floor-to-ceiling windows. As our gazes locked, the playfulness shifted into something far more intense. The atmosphere became heavy, charged with a magnetic pull that was impossible to resist.
I stepped toward her, my presence towering but my touch intended to be reverent. I reached for the pins in her hair, slowly undoing them until her dark, wavy locks cascaded over her shoulders. I allowed my fingers to linger against her scalp, feeling her lean into the touch.
“Your hair is beautiful,” I murmured, my voice dropping to a low, husky register. “I’ve never seen it quite like this.”
She let out a soft sound, a purr of contentment that triggered a protective, possessive instinct deep within me. I leaned down, my lips grazing the sensitive skin of her neck. Every contact felt like a spark in a tinderbox.
Kenya responded with a fervor that matched my own. We moved toward the bed, the world outside our door ceasing to exist. The connection between us was no longer just physical; it was a desperate attempt to find solid ground in the midst of the secrets that threatened to drown us.
“Kenya, are you sure?” I asked, my voice strained with the effort of maintaining some semblance of restraint. I searched her emerald-green eyes, looking for hesitation and finding only a fierce, undeniable hunger.
She didn't use words to answer. Instead, she drew me closer, her touch an invitation I had no power to refuse. As we came together, it felt like a dance—volatile, unhinged, and breathtakingly beautiful. The rhythm we found was ancient and undeniable, a symphony of whispered promises and shared heat.
In the height of our passion, a dark, intrusive thought clawed at the back of my mind: What if she finds out the truth about her father?
The fear flickered for a second, a cold shadow in the midst of the flames. I looked into Kenya’s eyes, seeing the raw intensity there, and it terrified me. My addiction to her essence was becoming my greatest vulnerability. I never wanted to hurt her; the mere thought of her discovering the darkness I carried was enough to shatter the peace I found in her arms.
But tonight, the truth stayed in the shadows. We were two souls lost in a storm of our own making, finding release in the shared rhythm of our hearts.
Eventually, the fire burned down to glowing embers. I listened to the steady, even sound of Kenya’s breathing as she fell asleep, her head resting peacefully against my chest. I stayed awake for a long time, caressing her hair and watching the way the moonlight played across her skin.
For the first time in years, I felt a semblance of content. As I finally allowed sleep to take me, I held her tighter, as if I could shield her from the very secrets I knew would eventually come for us both.
###Chapter 58: A Trojan Horse...

***Levi.***

Early the next morning, a Monday, I came out of the gym and strolled into the kitchen.

His housekeeper handed me two cups of coffee and a large, American Express Mail, which I tucked in the crook of my arm. I strolled upstairs, a smile splitting my face, as I anticipated seeing my beautiful wife.

Entering the room, I shut the door softly, half expecting Kenya to be out of bed. But to my delight, she was still in bed, her body swallowed by the wave of sheets.


Dropping the coffee cups and the envelope on the nightstand beside the bed,I leaned in and placed a kiss in her hair. She stirred, her body lazily turning to her back, her bare breasts jumping into sight. Desire quaking inside me again, even after I had been utterly drained by our passionate night.

Unable to help myself, I lay on the bed and sucked one nipple. Kenya moaned, her body instantly responding to me. She giggled, as she saw I nuzzled her breasts some more.


"Good morning, beautiful." I smiled boyishly, as she sat upright, a shy grin spitting her face.

“Good morning." She leaned in and kissed me. I kissed her back and turned around to reach for a cup of coffee for her. She took it and smiled,appreciatively, her naked breasts, covered by one of the sheets.I equally took the other cup and sipped, generously. Leaning my head against the headboard,silently watching her.
"I enjoyed last night." I intoned. My words made Kenya pause. I smiled,amusedly.

"The project at the dance school is almost completed. It just needs some little time. Am sorry that it has taken this long." My words draggedher eyes to mine.

“But I promise you that the wages of all your colleagues are still in order."I watched her, waiting for her response.

Kenya only nodded her head. I reached a hand and caressed hers, the contact, surprising her. *Though ours wasn't a conventional marriage,but I could get used to this. Not fighting*, I thought.

Averting her eyes, demurely, Kenya caught sight of the large, brown envelope, which lay on the nightstand.

"What is that?” She asked, returning my attention to the envelope in question.

“Oh, I don't know.” I turned, picking the envelope. "It says from a Katie Williams,Attorney of law.”


I shrugged, ripping the envelope at the same time. Silently, I brought out the papers, documents. Examining them, my earlier desire and playfulness,instantly turned into horror.

Lifting my gaze to Kenya in disbelief, I muttered."What is this. Kenya?"

***

***Kenya.***

My gaze remained on my coffee. My silence infuriating Levi.
“Kenya!" He growled tightly, “I asked you a question. What the fuck is this?"I could sense his irritation, his rage and *hurt?*


I remained silent, my hands trembling in spite of my calmness. My eyes couldn't face him; they were fixed on the cup of coffee. But I knew I couldn't remain silent.


Rising from the bed, like the bed suddenly singed him, Levi shook the papers in his hand. “Kenya, I have here some Katie Williams stating that she is your attorney and that you have purchased, *J'aime*, as in Claudine's school. And that from now on, every damned liability is your responsibility?" He raised a questioning brow, his eyes ferocious.


Inhaling a steady breath, I roused out of the bed. The sheets fell to the floor, but I ignored them, walking around the bed in the direction of the bathroom.

“Kenya!” Levi's voice halted me in my tracks.

Turning around to face his angry stare, I spoke, shakily.


“That isn't the only set of documents you should be expecting. Am sure the ones pertaining to my being partners with Dave, Alan and Amanda,would be reaching you soon."


Levi frowned, his eyes staring at me in horror. “You can't do that!Amanda...Dave, Alan...They all have dirt in their hands...And if the authorities get to know this about them and you are equally involved,it could land you jail term!" Levi tighatly declared, tossing the papers to the bed and coming to hold my shoulders. I defiantly held his gaze, my eyes steady.


There was a crack in me. My heart tearing at his words,even though I
had guessed that possibility. But this was a risk I was willing to take,to take control of my life again from this man. This man, who had manipulated me,owned me.

Now I wanted life on my own terms. Wearing a tight grin. I spoke.


"Then I guess you would have to make certain that the authorities never find out."


Levi's eyes softened at those words.

"As long as I have my life back. As long as you feel as hurt as you made me feel, the day you stole my life from me, then it is all worth it." I spat.

Levi's expression shifted to a bitter look.

"So this is about pay back.”

"Yes...And about me having a life for myself." I sneered. I shrugged his hands off my shoulders, my nude hips swaying, as I turned away from him,heading to the bathroom.


"So last night was nothing but a fucking Trojan Horse? The calm before the storm?" Levi accused. His voice came out low, but bitter. An undercurrent of anguish and betrayal, mixed in those words.


I halted, the words resonating inside me. The pain exuded from them, a thorn, biting into mne. A damned arrow, piercing through my heart. For a second, I stood there, questioning the justification behind my recent actions;behind last night. My heart shredding into tiny pieces as the enormity of his accusation sank in.


Rather than responding, I picked my pace, strolling into the bathroom.Shutting the door behind me.
Once I entered the bathroom, I sank onto the cold marble floor. Folding myself in, I allowed sobs wrack my entire body. Pain seeping into me, like cold on a winter morning.
###Chapter 59: Guilt...

***Kenya.***

I sat in the café across *J'aime*, my eyes absently watching the men, as they fixed the building.

My coffee was already running cold, but I didn't mind. My eyes barely registered the movements carried out by the construction workers. My husband's construction workers. They had helmets and gear,bearing STA Construction's. My heart ripped to more shreds as memories of the previous night and earlier in the morning crossed my mind.

A night that had actually turned out remarkable for me, given the intentions I had harbored, somehow felt wrong now. The victory I gained in the end, hollow. I sat down, the words he had thrown at me, when I walked to the bathroom, eating me inside.

*'So last night was nothing but a fucking Trojan Horse? The calm before the storm?'*


I instinctively shut my eyes tight, to the memory of those words.Banishing them intentionally, so that I wouldn't feel the guilt that threatened to buckle me.


Despair, threatening to engulf me at the pain I had heard in Levi's voice.A pain I had never heard from him before. Like the night had actually meant more to him than I could have imagined. As if the passion we had shared had travelled deep into our souls.

When I had returned from the bathroom, I had been greeted by silence.Disappointed that he had left the room, without another word. I had dressed up and come down stairs, only to find him already heading out of
the house. The sound of the monitor, announcing Levi's departure,reminding me of the night before and the heated passion.

Staring at my phone screen, which I hadn't checked all morning, due to my distracted thoughts, I replied to the messages. A couple of old messages from Alan and Amanda. Alan's informing me to come by to finalize formalities for my new movie role and prepping for our business partnership. Amanda's to discuss the business partnership as well.

There was an old one from Andrea and K.C as well.

***Andrea: Will be there late. Have to grab some lists from Mike at work.***


***10pm,yesterday.***

***K.C: Hi, beautiful. Sorry I have been very busy with work. I hope you are doing well? The last time we talked, you told me you had a fight with your husband. Has he been a good husband since then?***

***2am,today.***

"Hey babes. What you doing staring at your phone, as if you are out of this world." Andrea's voice, rang from beside me. Jolting me out of the misery that distracted me, from responding to K.C's message.


Grateful that I didn't have to respond to that message about my husband.A message, where another man, I didn't know, called me beautiful. A message that had just stared back at me, reminding me of my guilt and agony. Of my betrayal. Of the depths I had finally succumbed to. It was like I had a war within me.


I wasn't this kind of person. I was a good person. But somehow,my marriage to Levi turned me into something I wasn't.
“Am fine Andy. Am just tired." I sighed, keeping my phone away and rubbing my forehead in frustration. It was 12:30 pm.

"You don't look fine, girl. You look like..." Andrea trailed off,watching me as she sat across. Her blue eyes, steady on me. She was as beautiful as she was perceptive, her gaze always analytical. It was difficult hiding things from her.


"I look like what?" I pressed. Sipping my already cold coffee. It tasted bland.


Andrea reached a hand to mine, her olive skin, flushed from the July heat outside. Her hair, cascading down her shoulders, Andrea continued.

“You look terrible, Ken. For someone married to one of the most handsome and wealthiest men in the world, you don't look good1. It's like there is something hidden there. Is marriage not treating you well?”Andrea searched my eyes, her expression, encouraging.


Shaking my head and averting Andrea's gaze, I replied. “It's nothing.Andy. Am just exhausted. All these...transition to owner and co-partner,is just weighing on me."


Andrea considered my words for a moment, before she nodded. Beckoning to a waiter, who arrived, shortly, Andrea ordered some coffee and hot rolls.I equally ordered a fresh cup.


"So, I have here, list of dancers, who are interested in working with you at J'aime,once it reopens. I equally have list of parents, who want their kids enrolled in the school. But there is one problem." Andrea laid the papers before me, her fingers highlighting important sections. "The guys at Byron's are unconvinced about embarking on this new project with you."
“Why?"I asked1. my cup held in midair.

Andrea shrugged. "They informed Mike that with Byron, they have safety.With you, their income is uncertain. What if you fail? That was their concern." Andrea bit into her roll. I eyed her awkwardly, wondering where all the sweets Andrea ate,went to.

“What?!" Andrea asked, her mouth stuffed. I smiled in amusement.

"Where the fuck does all that junk food go, Andrea. You do know you would have to be in top shape, to be a director of dance." I reminded.


Andrea rolled her eyes, teasingly and smiled. “I'd burn it out in no time."I nodded, my mind mentally assessing Andrea's revelation about the
potential dancers.

I had met some of our colleagues, after concluding things with Claudine.And with Dave's permission, I had informed them my need for new dancers.Dancers who would work shifts, bringing in new ideas for the growth of the school. I had even informed Dave of my ideas, which he had welcomed. Happy that I had become a partner. He had been completely impressed.


However, if they didn't want to work with me, for fear of uncertainty, I couldin't press them. They were the best I knew at Byron's and I couldn't force them out of their comfort zone, to uncertainty with me.
###Chapter 60: I Stooped Low...

***Kenya.***

"What about Mike and Rory, what's their take?" I asked,disappointment evident in my voice. i had expected a few drags along the way. Still,encountering them now was unsettling.


"Mike and Rory are in for real. They have been the ones scouting and talking with the others. As a matter of fact, Mike sees the job as Dance director for male students, a great climb. The pay you quoted...He..."Andrea hesitated, her eyes holding mine awkwardly. I watched her,wondering.


"What?” I urged, impatiently.

Andrea smiled. “He even asked me to marry him. Well, since that day, he has been asking, every time we make love.” Andrea smiled. My eyes widened in amazement and adoration.


“Oh my God. Andy! Congratulations!" I crossed the table and hugged Andrea. We shared a tearful moment, before we pulled back. Sitting back in my seat, I sensed something wrong in Andrea's demeanor.

"What is it? Andy?" I raised my brow. Andrea hesitated, before she spoke.

"I don't know, Ken. I am not sure."

"What do you mean? Sure about what?" I asked, concerned.

"About the whole marriage thing."She shrugged, helplessly.

“But, Mike loves you, Andy. He adores you." I smiled, tenderly. My hands came to hold Andrea's, My eyes teary. I envied the uncomplicated
relationship that Mike and Andrea shared. *Something I might never have with Levi*. Andrea's eyes watered, doubt, pain and fear,lurking beneath.

"Am afraid, Ken. What if he is a terrible husband? What if it doesn't work.
You know I used to see my father beat up my mum. Broke my mum's eye socket. Caused her face to be distorted. If my step father hadn't been a God's sent, she would never have found a man with that face again.”Tears slipped down Andrea's face. I understood her pain.

She had shared her childhood tales with me, when we became friends.A tale,which Andrea had reluctantly narrated. One which had garnered an admiration for Andrea's mum, from me. It had been a bold move to remarry, after enduring such a grueling ordeal in marriage. To trust again,after such hurt.

“Andy,your mum's story isn't your own.” I quietly started, seeing facial features of Andrea's mum in my friend. “Although you have her spirit,her courage." We laughed. “Yet, your stories aren't the same. Mike is a good man. I have seen how much he loves you. He adores you, Andy. He wouldn't be the same as your father.” A shadow of uncertainty still held in Andrea's eyes.


“But...But what if I am a bad wife. What if I provoke him? Betray him?What if I cause him pain, Ken?” Andrea cried, softly. Doubt drowning her gaze.


My heart tugged, reminding me of last night. The way I had gone about pulling schemes to cause Levi as mnuch emotional damage, as he had caused me. Manipulating Claudine, my sister and brother in-law, with their weaknesses. Manipulating Dave with what he loved best, money.Seducing Levi, just like he had seduced me, knowing the plans I had underway. Knowing the outcome of my seduction. Having a steaming,
passionate night with him, which I could never forget. Getting into his heart; cooking for him, dessert, being his dessert.

It had all been worth it, seeing him manipulated by my own power of seduction. My power as a woman. Succumbing to his sort of games, to get even with him, as well as setting up an achievement for myself. After all,he had urged me to purchase whatever I wanted and I had chosen to purchase new businesses for myself.

Unfortunately, the end hadn't felt great. I felt reprehensible. A bad wife.A woman. I wasn't proud of.

"Why do you have that look?" Andrea asked, her brows raised as she guardedly watched me. I stared, helpless at the consequences of my own actions.

"It's nothing, Andrea.” I felt a wetness on my face and dabbed it. I stared in shock at the tears. The guilt inside was torture. And there was something eIse, which I couldn't understand. “I stooped low, Andy,that's all." I muttered, sniffing. Andrea stared, confused. She couldn't understand my tears and just reached out to hold me.

“Whatever it is, Ken, it can be fixed, okay. Just tell me. Trust me,you've never stooped low. You are the best person I've ever met." Andrea held me tight, as I cried,softly.

"Am afraid, Andy, I am not as good as I thought. These days I don't even recognize myself." I confessed, pulling back to clean my eyes with a tissue.


Andrea watched me, wanting to question further, but she didn't. My friends knew my preference for my privacy. A quality that I have always upheld since I was little. Seeing my anguish, I was grateful that Andrea didn't press further.
"What do you think about having a collaboration with Byron's; J'aime becomes a learning extension of Byron's. In addition, having paid placement programs organized for the kids with other dance companies?"I asked, sniffing again. My voice hoarse. I had harbored the idea,since I sealed the deal with Dave. But I had wanted to develop it more. Now with the others unsure of my footing. I needed to give them a reason to trust my judgements.


"Like...I don't get you. Babes." Andrea looked confused. Her eyes gazing at me.


Inhaling a steady breath. I expained.“I mean, how about showing these kids something different. Like signing them up with Byron's to perform at the theater, say quarterly. We select some talented, mature students,they go to perform with professionals in small roles. Exposing them to the world of dancing.


"At the same time, sharing the spotlight with Dave. Giving the company more public recognition. Parents will see Byron and J'aime,as a formidable pair that promotes career growth in junior and senior dancers.An opportunity for the kids. Subsequently, other dance companies will want to hire the paid services of Byron's junior team."
###Chapter 61: Protect Her...

***Kenya.***

"The kids get paid, allowing them a sense of responsibility."I allowed my words sink into Andrea, who grew thoughtful.

"How would that promote you?" She questioned,intrigued.

"As a school, if we have exchange programs with other schools and the placement programs with professionaI companies, they will see us as a serious business. And perhaps, this people who have no faith in me,will come around. Offering their services." I watched Andrea,gauging her reaction.


Andrea was thoughtful, analyzing the idea.

"Maybe we take the kids from 13 and above, for a start and see where this goes.Signing them up with Byron's will need them to be really insured,both mentally and physically." Andrea proposed, her eyes containing some excitement and less of the earlier doubt.

"Not a problem. The attorney you recommended for me, Katie, can get on it. She would do all the legal aspect. As for mentally and physically protecting the kids; that's where each director comes in. We will be there for the kids and their parents will be utterly involved; even financially,”I said, my eyes steady on Andrea.


Watching Andrea's expression morph from pessimism to fascination and finally absolute loyalty, was a relief. Heaving a sigh, I picked up one hot roll from Andrea's plate and finally started chewing on something. My appetite, finding its way back to me, since last night.
"Have I told you yet that Odette has lost face with Dave?" Andrea picked up. I turned to her, taken aback by the conversation's turn. Shaking my head,I swallowed the food in my mouth, unable to mask my curiousity.

“What happened? I asked.

Andrea shrugged. “I don't know fully. But it seems she got pregnant for Dave's nephew, who isn't interested in being a father, anytime in the near future. And apparently, the issue is brewing trouble in the Byrons family.And you know how family oriented Dave is." She took a bite of another roll and sipped her coffee.

I was wide-eyed, as I considered the information. I knew of Dave's nephew, a charmer like his uncle, Ryan Byron. He was a star player for one of the top baseball leagues. And he was very easy on the eyes. But I never knew that Odette would fancy a man such as Ryan. She usually sought other dancers like herself; Patrick Lloyd,for example,were her preference.

“I didn't know Odette was into baseball athletes. Doesn't he play for the..."

"New York Yankees.” Andrea filled in, sipping more coffee.

"Ah...that's right." I recalled, still digesting the words.

“Apparently, after you stole her spotlight, because of Levi's influence, she drew closer to Ryan, being rich and al1. And boom, she got pregnant, so easily. Ryan claims he isn't the father. That's why she had a fall out with Dave. She thought Dave would back her up, no matter what." Andrea was enjoying this. It was explicit on her face.

“How did you know all this?" I asked, awestruck at my friend's detailed narration.
“The entire argument happened at Byron's. Ryan came to see his uncle,and Odette, who it seemed had already confronted Ryan on the issue,thought bringing it up before his uncle, would score her some round. Sadly,she was mistaken. All the hunk of a man kept screaming was; I told you before that shit isn't mine." She smiled, seeing my mild frown.“After what Odette did to you, she deserves all she got. She was too bossy. Such a bitch.



I couldn't agree more. But being pregnant and alone, I couldn't begin to imagine the girl's suffering. Worse, the child was being rejected.*Disheartening*.


“Hey, come on let's take a tour of our new work place." Andrea beamed,her voice distracting me. I managed a smile as Andrea instinctively pulled me to my feet and dragged us to the door.

Perhaps the tour of the new J'aime, would distract me a bit. I thought,as we pushed our way across the street. Thankfully I sneaked out without Ryan's knowledge. Today I was a me time.



***Levi***.

“Levi, you've got to calm down.” Blake emphasized, his eyes on me.

I was enraged. I had been since I received that damned mail, this morning.My groin tightened pleasurably at the memory of what transpired before this morning. A passion filled night. Aching passion, shared between us.But my disapproval at her most recent actions, banished the sweet memory immediately.

Glaring at Blake, I said, “You don't know what this means. These people
she has partnered with, all possess time bombs in their archives. Unclean slates, which if investigated by the feds, will lead her to years in jail."I raged. Pacing around my office.

After a moment of silence, Blake's voice came. “If it bothers you that much,protect her.”

I stilled, turning to face him. A knowing look crossing my face,as I let him continue.

“At this moment, all the retrieved evidence from the D. A's office,as you requested earlier today, have been safely tucked away. But you have to ensure she doesn't fall into trouble, as you fear. Use this evidence you have as a weakness against them.”Blake suggested.

When the revelation surfaced this morning. I had channeled all my fury to her betrayal. All rational thoughts, gone. I had immediately called Blake to retrieve and secure the documents. I hadn't even thought of putting them into use.

At the moment, I was only in possession of Kenya's legally binding agreement with Claudine Bark. They were to share the profits, while Kenya bore the bulk of liabilities. An agreement which I suspected, Kenya was responsible for. And the damned agreements were completely binding.No fucking escape clauses. My lawyers had thoroughly checked, her rookie lawyer had done her research well.

As for the other documents, I had to wait until they reached me. My frustration was palpable as my mind worked.

“Fight the contracts. Sue her for breach of our marriage."
###Chapter 62: A Kid...

***Levi.***

Blake raised a brow.

“In the 21st century, you want to sue a woman for maintaining her independence." Blake intoned.

I glared at him, already feeling stupid. *God! She was mushing my brain*!

“This isn't independence! If Kenya wishes for independence, I'd buy her the freaking world. This is mere spite!" I bellowed, my anger rising.I crossed to a window.

Blake inhaled behind me and I already hated his next words.

“You can't hold her back. It's infringement. If she goes to court, you'd lose before a judge for trying to deprive her of her rights to freedom."

An awareness crossed my expression. I knew what he was saying. He was absolutely right. If she ever reported such about me, I would lose my marriage. And worse, I never advocated such behaviors; depriving the rights of women.

Blake came behind me, placing a palm over my shoulder.

“Give her a chance. Watch her grow from this. I have interacted with her before and she is an intelligent woman. She knows more upstairs than you give her credit for. And for her to have come up with this ploy, it shows how clever she is." Blake mentioned.

A smile of appreciation lit my face at his comment. He was right, she was a strategist. I released my breath. I didn't even know that I had been
holding it in.

“Get me her attorney's attention. And get ready for us to go on a trip." I stated, firmly. My eyes absently gazed out my window.

“Alright.”

My phone rang, and I picked it from my pocket. Andrea Macgregor,flashed on the screen. Kenya's friend. I frowned as I answered the call.

“Mr Ruthford...Sir. It's Andrea, Kenya's friend...”She stuttered. I heard panic in her voice.

“What is it?”I asked,alarmed.

“It's Kenya...S...Something happened..."

"What happened?” I asked, tightly. My heart already racing, uncontrollably,as her words sank in.

"She in the hospital Sir... She's had an acident.”

I blanched. My blood ringing in my ears.

***

It was 5 pm in the evening. Dusk already around the corner, as I gazed at Kenya.


Since I arrived here hours ago, after Andrea's call, I had sat here,devotedly. My fingers laced with Kenya's, as she lay in the hospital bed,sedated and well.

***5 hours ago...***
I didn't wait for Andrea's details on the accident. I only entered my car.arriving the hospital at break neck speed. I expected the traffic vioation tickets later, but fuck if I cared.

In the hospital, I immediately headed for the ward Andrea had named. No one stopped me as I rushed to the ward. I was like a mad man.

"Kenya!”" I called, as I barged into the room. Isaw a contrite Andrea and a couple of young men, all seated around my wife. I had been introduced to all three of them, that night at our reception. But I hadn't taken note of the men then. To me, they had just been young men circling round two friends.


Andrea stepped forward to meet me.

“Mr Ruthford...”

I spared her no look, as I bruished, past her to go and sit beside my wife.Andrea inched closer, her tone grave. I saw her suffering, being Kenya'best friend, but I didn't even try to ease it.


"Mr Ruthford." Came one of the men, boldly. I liked that about him. I was usually unapproachable, when I was upset. In the past, only Blake knew how to reach me in such moment. Now, Kenya.


“My name is Rory Crower."

I raised my gaze to his. He fidgeted a little, at my expression. I didn't need to guess what he saw there. But the man persisted. He couldn't be much older than Kenya, but he had spunk. I'd give him that.

“This here is Mike Flips and Andrea is the one who called you earlier.”

I swept a gaze around them. The other man, Mike, was already holding
Andrea tenderly. A small kiss on her lips. *A couple. Then what did that make Mr Crower here in the group?* I mused. I raised a brow at him.He saw my expression, but if he understood it, he didn't show.

"We came as soon as she called us as well. We were nearby. I amn sorry Sir.”He sympathized.

I inhaled a breath, dispelling the anger that rose to bait me,while I pondered the role of this young pup in my wife's life. *Could he have been a potential lover, who I had stolen her from. She never stopped reminding me of how I had stolen her life.*

"What happened?” I managed, my eyes on Kenya.

"We went to the building site because I asked us to take a look at it. While we were there, a foreman was giving us a tour of the place. But she seemed distracted and was staring at something. I didn't even know when she had slipped away from us. Then she called and said there was a kid down a scaffold.”

I furrowed my brows.*“A kid*?”

"So she said. But when we got there, there was no one and she was above a scaffold. We asked her to come down, the foreman inching closer to help her. But she adamantly stayed put. Then I heard her say, 'gotcha.' And before you knew it, she slipped from the scaffold and fell. We rushed her here immediately."”

“Where is the foreman?" I asked, tightly.

“He left, moments before you came. He said you'd need a detailed report on the incident."

“Where is Ryan, her bodyguard? And how could you have suggested a
tour on a building site?!" My tone was raised an octave higher,as I glared at her.

I ignored the protective stance of her lover, who defended her,immediately.

"She's equally suffering. Mr Ruthford. We all are. Kenya is our friend. We have known her longer than you. We care for her as much as you do."
###Chapter 63: Déja vu...

***Levi.***

I frowned at his audacity. Raising myself to full height. I stood menacingly before him. His eyes grew wary. His defiance, gone

"You don't put those you care about in danger. That is what Miss Macgregor did." I delivered darkly.

Mike shifted.

"Hey man, cool it. He's her husband." Rory cautioned his friend,pulling him back. They looked frightened. Perhaps it was my expression or tone.But they all stared at me in alarm.

"I am sorry, Mr Ruthford." Andrea apologized, tearfully, breaking the awkward tension. “You are right. You don't put those you care about in harm's way."

Perhaps her words, or the thoughts of Kenya waking up to seeing us arguing abouther, but I reined in my temper. Seeing her sincerity. Yes,I could see their devotion for her, but that didn't signify. Kenya was my wife now, end of story. *Gosh! I was acting like a controlling husband.Men I detested,*


"Were there any serious injuries?" I asked, attempting for distraction. I returned to her side. A blanket was partially draped over her.

"Just the sprain to her wrist and a small bump on her head." Andrea quietly explained. I was grateful for her presence. What if she hadn't?What if Kenya had stubbornly gone there herself. The foreman should have known better, I usually attached a strict policy to all my construction
works.

*No visitors! Only workers!*

I was having his head for this.

A knock came and one of them opened for the doctor."Ah, Mr Ruthford.I was told that you had arrived, but I was attending to a surgery."

I rose to greet him. The others said their goodbyes, leaving us.

"I was just asking if there were any serious injuries that I should worry about. She suffered a severe head wound not too long and now..." My voice broke.


“Be rest assured. We scanned for any complications. Fortunately,there are none. The sprain and the bump will be gone soonest." The doctor was sympathetic.

"Then why is she asleep?" I asked, concerned. I went to her,checking.Her left wrist was strapped.

"When she came in, her blood pressure was through the roof and history with the head wound. We decided to sleep induce her. But she is keenly observed. Have no anxiety."

I nodded my head, in understanding.

***

***Kenya.***

***Now,,***

*Am I having déja vu?*
*It's like I had done this before. Running from Hank, Marlon and Chase.God my chest hurt. I was panting. Frightened. Hank's eyes when I bit his lower lip. I had never seen such eyes on him. He had previously plagued me to let him have me. But I always protested. Telling him unless we were married.However, he was not a marry guy. He was more of a fuck guy. With that knowledge. I had chosen not to give in. Plus, he wasn't as romantic as those telenovela soaps.*


*1finally reached the spot, where I could press the alarm. I didn't want them near me. I saw it in their eyes. I was naked for God's sake.*


*Just when I needed to press it, I felt something hit my head. Heavy,imploding everything inside my head. The object fell and broke to the floor,just as I staggered, my senses shrilling. Sharp pain, through my head and body. I didn't want to end up being these men's meat. I had heard about girl's been gang raped before. And I didn't want it. Not like this...God,please not like this. I fell.*


*I tried to lift my arm, to touch the ache in my head. It hurt so bad, but I couldn't. My eyes grew dark, slowly. My life ebbing away. And I wondered, if this is how everyone felt when death came. I feel hands on me. Someone slipped a rough finger into me. A dull ache, compared to the pain in my head.*

*The darkness finally consumed me and I aHlowed it, rather than feel their touch.*


*Gunshots came and I heard men shouting. I wanted to open my eyes but nothing happened. For a minute I feared I was blind. And then I felt myself airlifted. I was scared. God I was going to fall. Someone was going to drop me.*

*Then like a caress, Levi's voice came.*
*"I would never let you fall." he promised*.

"No...No don't let me fall. Don't let Hank get me, Levi, please. He wants to rape mne. No.,.No..No..," I writhed frantically, alarmed. My body ached.

“Shh...shh...baby, it's okay. I'm here, baby. I'm here. No one would hurt you, I promise." I heard a familiar voice I turned abruptly to the voice.

“Levi. Levi...Hank is here, with Marlon and Chase. They want to rape me.He wants me. Levi. But I always told him I wanted my husband to have me first..." I rattled, nervously. My body ached, but I didn't care. I wanted to lift myself, so I could tell Levi everything, but pain shot through my left arm, as I pulled myself up.

“Ow!”I cried.

“Kenya!" Levi held me, tenderly. He held my arm in his. In his eyes, I saw exhaustion,tenderness.Concern. My heart warmed. “You've had a terrible fall, baby. You fell in the construction site. And Andrea and Mr Fizz, brought you here. Your wrist is sprained and that bump in your head,at the back. Short of that baby, you are fine.” He tenderly explained. My senses came together, my eyes assimilating.

He was right. I was in a hospital ward. The crisp, white sheets. The smell of antiseptics. I remembered my fall.

A little girl under the scaffold. Saving her. She looked so beautiful. I already got her. When I did, I saw her eyes. Levi's eyes and my lips.Holding her tiny hand, I fell and hit my hand and head. Then black out.

"Hank is dead. Has been for days." His words shifted my focus. And I felt tears roll down my eyes.
###Chapter 64: Duty Bound...

***Kenya.***

Staring at him, memories flooded back. Memories I have battled to recall.


That wasn't a dream. That was what happened that night I was injured.Everything flooded back. My hurt, my dance. Levi and how remarkable he has been. The debut, Mum. Amanda, our childhood. Alan. My marriage.Our first night together.

"He wanted to rape me, Levi. Someone touched me that night, and it was painfully rough. It wasn't like yours...” I cried, softly.

A knowing look crossed his face, as he watched me, compassionately.

"Yes. I remember everything. The way I ran. I thoughat I was going to die.They were so powerful..." My voice broke and I fell into his arms. Not minding how much I have hated him, these past few days. He didn't push me away, as I expected. Rather, Levi held me affectionately,tightly.

Silently holding me.

I cried. AIl the pain. If Levi hadn't come in that night, Hank would have brutally raped me and maybe killed me. Levi saved me that night.Unconventional method, but he did.


“Thank you...Thank you for saving me that night." I twisted my face,finding his lips. My tear soaked lips, kissing him. I needed his warmth.His familiar touch, to bring me back.

My lips moved, enticing, until his parted. When he kissed me, I moaned,deeply. Inching closer, uantil my nipples pressed him. I wanted his touch to bring me back from that horror. I think he felt it too, as he pulled me
into him, his fingers on the nape of my neck, pulling me in,tenderly.He kissed me with life. His other fingers, trailing my nipples through my top.I moaned. I needed him here and now.


Then he stilled, his body rigid, as he pulled back from me. He pushed me away from him. gently. A safe distance. His eyes held hurt, regret. A lot of emotions I didn't wish to see. I only wanted his familiar gaze of desire on me. That heated look that sent me to spirals.

"I'd just go and call the doctor. He needs to know you're awake. And that you remember that night." He shifted to his feet. I watched him walk to the door.


“Levi..." I called. I didn't want him to go. I wanted him to stay and just chase every hurt away. To talk about everything. About last night. This morning. He turned to face me, grimly.

“I...About this morning. It's...Last night...”

“Your Trojan Horse, you mean." He coldly intoned. His eyes narrowed.I flinched at those words, a cold reminder of his accusation in the morning.His glare, venomous.

"I didn't do it...I...” I had no explanation. Guilt ate me,now I saw the monster that Levi had saved me from the night.

"Save it. You did what you had to do. In this game, you never feel remorse. You go for the kill. That's the number one rule about being coldhearted." He remarked, coldly.


I frowned. I wasn't cold hearted. I only did what I needed to,so he could feel as miserable as I did. I agree that I succumbed to low depths,using his desire for me. Pleasured him and delivered a blow, but that didn't
make me cold hearted. And neither was he. He just did things out of necessity. Like taking out Hank, Marlon, Chase. Whatever he had to do to get his family honor back.

I saw him in a new light.

"Am sorry..." I apologized, weakly. Teas rounded my eyes. My heart,sick.

For a moment. I saw the old Levi, who used to see me as this fragile girl.Then it was instantly replaced by something. Distrust. His lips grim, he turned to leave again.

"Then why did you kiss me just now?” I asked, helplessly. I couldn't bear it. Didn't want to believe the look in his eyes. I couldn't survive it.“Why did you stay beside me now, watching me. You could have just left, after you saw me. You didn't have to stay," I said.

His back was to me, a hand on the door knob. I saw his shoulders square,the V of his waist, admirable even from my view.

"I was duty bound.” Silently, he exited the room. His words, piercing like a knife.


***

***Levi,***

***Wednesday,two Days Later...***


Rain poured heavily this evening, as I stood in the middle of the room,waiting. I liked waiting. It always gave me advantage. I hated been taken by surprise. That was why I still sulked over Kenya's mutinous actions.two days back.
The door opened and I heard feet shuffling inside, dragging someone in. I smirked inwardly in satisfaction. The door shut and there was a little commotion, before everything went quiet and dark again. A fire in the grate, the only source of light, warmed the room. My mood dark.

We were in my private cabin, isolated from everyone. I loved to work here,whenever I needed discretion. Things done without a trace.

I turned to face the scene, my face hidden in the shadows. A figure gagged,sat in front of me. I gave a look and one of my men removed the gag.

“Please...Please don't hurt me. Who are you? If it's money you want,I don't have much, but I will give you details to my funds." Katie Williams stuttered, her hands bound behind her back as she sat in the chair. Her voice quivered.

"Miss Williams. We finally meet.” I called, quietly. My eyes assessing the slender woman.


Her hair, perhaps once stylish, looked disheveled. She strained to see me in the darkness and I inched forward to give her a better view.


When our eyes met,she froze.

"The look on your face speaks volume." I dragged a chair,smiling sinisterly as her eyes took in my four men in the room. They were all cladded in black. Their expressions, stoic.

"It isn't them you should be worried about, Miss Williams."
###Chapter 65: Futile...

Levi.
“Please, Sir... I didn't mean to...”
I signaled, and an aide handed me a tablet. I slid the device across the mahogany desk to Katie Williams. On the screen, a series of documents highlighted her family’s offshore accounts—funds that hadn't been reported in over a decade. The legal implications alone were enough to end her career; the social fallout would destroy her family’s legacy. Katie’s face drained of color as she scanned the files.
"Please, what do you want from me?" her voice broke, the professional facade finally cracking under the pressure of my leverage. I sat back, watching her with a calm, measured gaze.
"You currently represent my wife," I said, leaning in until the shadow of my desk lamps fell across her shaking hands. "From now on, you will ensure her interests are protected in a way that aligns with my own."
Her eyes grew wide. “But that is a profound breach of attorney-client privilege. I could be disbarred.”
“And if these documents were to find their way to the federal prosecutor, your career would be the least of your mother's worries,” I countered softly. The implication was a heavy weight in the room, one she couldn't ignore.
“What exactly do you want me to do?" she asked, her voice weary.
"I want to know her strategic plans for her business ventures. You will update me on her progress. Most importantly, you will persuade her to accept a stakeholder I’ve vetted—a silent partner. You will be the intermediary, ensuring the funding is seamless and the origin remains undisclosed."
Katie stared at me, her breathing shallow. “She may refuse. Kenya has been very adamant about using her own capital for these projects.”
I allowed a dark smile to touch my lips. “You are a brilliant attorney, Katie. You’ve successfully navigated complex acquisitions that my best legal teams couldn't untangle. Persuading a woman who trusts you should be well within your capabilities.”
“And if I can’t convince her?”
“Then I’ll find someone who can. But they might not be as concerned with your family’s privacy as I am.”

Kenya.
It was 11 pm, and I had just finished another solitary dinner. Despite the warmth of the central heating, a chill seemed to cling to my skin, forcing me to wrap myself in a thick cashmere sweater.
The hollowness inside me felt like a physical weight. Guilt, perhaps. Or perhaps something more devastating: the fear of losing the one person I had finally learned to lean on.
Since our return from the hospital, the air between Levi and me had turned frigid. His indifference was a sharper weapon than any of his previous commands. It felt as if I were being punished for finally understanding the rules of his game.
The security monitor announced his arrival. I stood up quickly, my heart racing, hoping to intercept him before he retreated to the guest suite he had occupied for the past two nights.
"Hello," I said as he entered the foyer.
He stopped, his expression guarded and unreadable. I faltered, the words I had practiced failing me. I was dying inside, desperate for a single sign of the man who had looked at me with such intensity only days ago.
Please, just look at me.
"Hello," he replied, his tone formal.
He stood directly in front of me, smelling of rain and the sharp scent of his expensive cologne. I wanted to reach out, to bridge the distance between us, but the wall he had built was too high.
"Where have you been? I waited for you so we could eat together," I said, my voice trembling. Tears stung my eyes, but I forced them back. I didn't want him to see how much his absence had eroded my resolve.
His gaze softened for a fleeting second. "I had a series of engagements. I didn't expect you to wait." He glanced at my sweater, then at the thermostat. "Are you unwell? Why are you dressed like that?"
“I was just cold. I’m fine now,” I lied.
I inched closer, my skin humming with the need for his proximity. This man had saved me from the wreckage of my past; he had been my shield when the world turned dark. And yet, here we were, two strangers in a house of secrets.
I noticed Levi take a steadying breath, his eyes closing tight for a moment. Am I affecting him at all?
“I’ve had a long night, and my schedule is full tomorrow. I’m going to bed. Good night, Kenya.” He moved to walk around me, careful to avoid even the slightest brush of our shoulders.
"Why are you doing this? Why are you ignoring me?" I called after him, my voice cracking.
He stopped but didn't turn around. “You spent months telling me you wanted your independence. I’m simply giving you the space you asked for.”
"I was tightening up loose ends," he added, his voice low. He stepped back toward me, his presence casting a long shadow. "You never cared to ask before. Why now?"
The victory I had sought for so long—independence, power, my own identity—felt utterly futile.
###Chapter 66: Silent Investors...

Kenya.
I didn't want to be at war anymore.
I wanted us to find a middle ground. I had never been the type of person who enjoyed causing others pain; even with Hank, my reluctance to report him had stemmed from a misplaced sense of empathy. But with Levi, the pain was different. It was a mutual destruction.
"Any other questions, Mrs. Ruthford?" Levi’s voice broke through my thoughts. The warmth in his tone felt like a ghost of the past.
"When are we going to Miami? You promised me, remember?"
I felt him step closer, the air between us suddenly electric. I knew he felt it too—the magnetic pull that defied all our logic.
"Next Wednesday," he replied, his voice barely above a whisper.
"I’d like to go with you." I finally turned to face him, our lips only inches apart. I saw the strain in his emerald eyes, the internal battle he was fighting.
"Good night, Kenya," he said, his voice tight. He turned and walked away, leaving me alone in the vast, quiet hall.
My phone chimed with a text from Katie.
Katie: Hi Kenya. Please, can we meet in my office at 9 am tomorrow?
Me: I’ll be there.

I arrived at the law firm the next morning, my nerves frayed. Levi had been gone before I even woke up, leaving no word.
When Katie entered her office, she looked haggard. Her usual perfect chignon had loose strands, and there were dark circles beneath her eyes that no amount of makeup could hide.
“Good morning, Mrs. Ruthford...” she stuttered.
"Katie," I said gently, concerned by her jittery demeanor. "I asked you to use my name. In here, I just want to be me."
She nodded frantically, avoiding my gaze as she shuffled through a stack of documents.
"Kenya... I have some developments for you," she started. "An investor has shown significant interest in the ballet school. They saw our preliminary filing and want to be fully involved in the financial obligations. It’s a substantial offer."
An investor? Already? "That’s incredible news. Who is it?"
"That’s the thing," Katie replied, her voice gaining a bit of professional distance. "The investor wishes to remain silent. No direct contact with you. I would act as the sole intermediary for all dividends and reporting. It’s a common arrangement for high-net-worth individuals who value privacy."
I paused, a flicker of doubt crossing my mind. "How did they even find out about the school? We haven't gone public with the new branding yet."
“I listed a placeholder on my firm’s portfolio website. That must have been the point of contact,” Katie explained quickly.
I pulled out my phone and checked the firm's site. Sure enough, a silhouette of the J'aime building was there, buried in a list of ongoing projects.
I nodded, feeling a sense of relief. If this investor could provide the capital I needed, I could finally step out from under Levi’s financial shadow. "Alright, let’s proceed. I need this school to be a success on its own merits."

Levi.
The office was draped in shadow, the only light coming from the moon reflecting off the glass towers of midtown. It was 9 pm. My nerves were on edge, the wait becoming unbearable.
I sat in the leather chair, reflecting on the day. Staying away from Kenya was becoming a torture of its own making. I was short with my staff, irritable with my advisors. But I couldn't face her yet—not until I had secured every avenue to protect her. She didn't understand that her 'independence' had made her a target for my enemies.
I smiled—my first in days. She had outsmarted me with her legal maneuvers, a move I hadn't anticipated. I was proud of her, even as it made my job ten times harder.
The door to the private suite opened. Two people entered, their laughter echoing in the quiet room. It was Alan, looking disheveled and clearly distracted by the woman in his arms—someone who was decidedly not his wife, Amanda.
The lights flickered on, catching them in the sudden glare.
"Who’s there?" Alan asked, his voice sharp with sudden fear. The woman with him let out a small cry of surprise.
I stepped out from the shadows, watching them with a cold, detached gaze. Alan’s face turned a sickly shade of grey as he realized who was sitting in his private office.
"I have security downstairs, Levi. You can't just—"
"Your security is on my payroll tonight, Alan," I interrupted, my voice devoid of emotion. Behind me, my team stood ready, holding folders filled with the evidence I had spent the last forty-eight hours gathering. "We need to talk about your recent 'investments' and the future of your career. And I suggest you listen very carefully, for Amanda’s sake."
###Chapter 67: Welcome to the dirty game...

***Levi,***

Her body jerked uncontrollably a few times, and eventually stilled.

"She's dead." I supplied. He turned to me, horrified.

"And it's on your conscience. You have your finger prints

all over her."

I pulled off my mask and Alan's eyes grew wider.

"Jesus, Levi..." He muttered,quietly.

I closed the space between us, sitting on a nearby chair. Alan just stared.his bewilderment,


replaced with fear. He was shaky as he watched me.

“You have a beautiful wife. What were you doing with that?”

I didn't need an answer. I already had my information, before I came all the


way here. Alan lived a double life, just like his wife. They were both

pathetic. All that affection they showed,*bull shit.*

"Why kill her?" He managed,his eyes dancing with fear.

He looked at the gun pointed to his head and swallowed.

“Isn't it obvious? We needed to talk.”
“My men...”

"All sedated. Had a hell lot of a party this evening.

Celebratory treats,courtesy you."

He stared at me in disbelief. “But...But I wasn't celebrating anything...”

“You weren't? I thought you just bagged the biggest

investor in your business?” I asked, deviously.

He stared at me confused. Then someone shoved some papers in his face.He perused them.

“That investor, just discreetly bought your production

house and Amanda's business. I know you are equally a signatory to her company.

You are going to append your signature to every fucking document there.Not a

word to Kenya or anyone about this arrangement, and we call it a night.I am


tired and I need to fly back to my wife." I smiled, darkly.

He shakily put down the papers. "But I don't want to sell.

That means you'd own it all..." He argued, tentatively.

I rose,closing the
distance.

Lowering myself on my haunches, I pulled out my gun and pointed it to


his chest. My tone,detached.

"One bullet, Alan and I'd own it all anyway."

***Kenya.***

***Wednesday,six days later...***

10 am and my body thrummed from jet lag, as we sat in the

car,heading to the beach house in Indian Creek Island. Miami Beach.

I was still fascinated that Levi owned a second beach

house. This one in the infamous 'Miami's Billionaire Bunker.' It was remarkable


how much he had hidden his opulence from the world. Not many people knew this


side to him.

I watched the entire scene, people walking leisurely, not

giving a care in the world. The sun high up, warming everyone. Every person we

passed,looked sun kissed. I envied them, because I loved a good sun.I loved

the beach. It gave me this close proximity to nature. Like I was a nature fairy
or something. I used to play nature fairy as a kid.

"You know, I used to be the nature fairy, when Amanda and I

were kids." I remarked, breaking the stifling silence.

Yes, the silence hadn't lessened. It seemed he was still

harboring that grudge against me or something. I couldn't really tell.

Worse,

yesterday,he received documents from Alan and Amanda. He hadn't

informed me.

But Amanda had. It seemed it intensified the awkwardness between us.

I wanted the unease gone, but I didn't know what else to

do. Sometimes, we barely said a word or two to each other. My wrist was

better

now, and he had asked of it every now and then.

When he came home very late,

he wouldn't even check up on me in our bedroom. I missed the old us.

"Nature fairy. Not the fairy of Trojan horses." He snidely

remarked.

I stilled, turning

to face him. We were both dressed casually. Me in a yellow, short cotton
dress,
while he wore a white cotton shirt and blue denims. He looked desirable,except

for that comment. Yep. The one that always accompanied every word I laid at


him.

"Can we please drop that episode. I have tried seeing past

this and yet you just let it hang between us." I was frustrated.

I didn't even know what to do anymore.He smirked.

"Feeling guilty, Baby? Perhaps youstill have a lot to

learn about being a cold hearted monster."

"I am no monster, Levi. I only took back my


independence."I argued.

I needed us to see past this. This wasgetting me

sleepless nights. I needed us.

"The way I deduced it, you must have manipulated every

puppet, until they danced to your tune. What do you call that, a nature fairy?”

He intoned,sarcastically.

I stared at him, shocked. Pain sluiced through my

heart. Tears stung the back of my eyes at his cold statement. I had just
shared

an intimate moment with him. A childhood memory and he crushed it beneath his


boots.

"That was cold, Levi. Something precious that mattered to

me. A childhood memory and you just smoldered it beneath your scorn."I sniffed. tears rolling down my eyes. I looked into his eyes, thinking I'd see remorse

there or compassion. Nothing.

"You killed something precious to me. *You*. Welcome to the dirty game,baby." He delivered his words,

tightly,turning to face his computer screen.

Chagrined,I turned to watch as we rode in through the

gates of Indian Creek village.

***

***Levi***.

I inwardly bit myself for my curtness. But I couldn't help


it.

I still felt betrayed by her. My words moments ago, were true. Kenya killed something precious to me, once she delved into this game. It was like Belle
over again. And I was struggling to push the thoughts aside. But no matter how

I tried, the disgust I felt, wracked me.

I stole glances at her, as she sat beside me. Hurt by my words and actions.I yearned to hold her and tell her that I was proud that she learned so fast.That she was intelligent. Fighting me back. But I couldn't, because Kenya was supposed to be my light. My guide out of my darkness.
###Chapter 68: All the money I had...

***Kenya***.

After dropping our things at the enormous and lavishly furnished beach house. Levi took us to a nearby restaurant to have breakfast.

We had hurried out of the penthouse, earlier this morning,because Levi had some files to pick up at the office, before we boarded the plane. I had only kicked back in the car and watched him do his business, while I basked in his presence. Anything to stay close to him. Weird right. But I didn't care.

I hadn't heard from my mystery friend, K.C in a while, so I had texted him,before we climbed the plane.

Now as we sat in the elite, ocean view restaurant, *Flamingo*, my phone buzzed on the table with an incoming text from him. I picked the phone,my heart buzzing with adrenaline at the danger of texting another man in my husband's presence. It was daring and weird. And it got me extremely exhilarated. I wondered what Levi would think if he found out.

***K.C: Hey beautiful. How have you been? I have been extremely busy and haven't had any time for myself. I should have texted you, but I didn't want to be a bother.***

***Me: You are never a bother, K. C. Actually, you are a distraction.***He was typing and I eagerly waited for his next words.

***K.C: I hope I'm much of a distraction to you?***

I stilled. Those words reminding me of my question to Levi, when he first came to my house, months ago.
**You have been a great distraction,'* he had replied on that night.

I shuddered and raised my eyes to Levi. He had his hands on his tablet and was making a call. I didn't even care to know what he was speaking about. Something about ordering materials for road repair in Boston.

***Me: You're a great distraction at the moment***.***Anything to keep me from crying my eyes to sleep out of boredom***.

"Are you ready to order?" I heard Levi say. I looked up from my phone,my smile dying at his expressionless face. I nodded,because that was easier than speaking to him these days. He cocked his head, I wondered why,before he signaled for a waiter.

"What would you like?” He asked.

I looked around, sizing the uniqueness of the place. Everyone dressed casually for the warm morning, underneath the canopies. The glass tables decorated with sea side themes; corals and sea shells.

I shrugged.“Surprise me,Levi."

My response earned me another tilt of his head.

"Two sea side specials, please." He informed the waiter. The man nodded and left.

"I wonder what got you smiling on your phone earlier. Was it one of your admirers?" He asked, slyly, sipping some water. I frowned.

“What I do with my phone is none of your business." I threw at him.

"It is, especially if it's one of those ballet dancers. What are their names again; Rory and Mike..,"
“They're just friends Levi. And besides, Mike is in a serious relationship with Andrea," I said. *Was he serious?* This guy who had ignored me for the past days.

"I knew that. But the Rory guy?" He intoned. I raised a brow at his insinuation.

“He's got balls. I like that about him." He remarked. “I've asked my recruitment teamto offer him a position at STA Constructions. My new executive P.A."

I knew Rory was smart and bold, but I didn't trust Levi's reasons for this offer.

"Are you doing this because you need his services, or because you want to keep him under your control?" I spat. He smiled darkly, confirming my suspicions. I was told how Rory boldly addressed Levi, when he had been upset. When neither Andrea nor Mike had been able to approach him.

Rory was a people's person.

I was about to reply, when our food arrived.

Delicious foods filled my nostrils. Steak, dressed with salads and shrimps.I wasn't a fan of shrimps, but one taste of the food, I forgot our conversation.

“You like it?” Levi's voice broke through the moment. My mouth stuffed,I nodded.


*Silence*.

“No one knows you own such a property in Miami." I remarked, after a while, my eyes steady on Levi. He spared me a boyish grin. *Was he shy*?
I never knew that.

"I'm a private person Kenya. Most of the time, I'm engrossed with work,"he replied. I was aware of his commitment to work and I admired him for it. His works spoke volume, the media screamed his reputation.

"MIT must be proud of one of their top students in Civil and Environmental Engineering." I complimented. He raised his eyes at me,surprised. The question of how I knew that info, in his eyes.

I shrugged. slyly. “Nothing you wouldn't find on the internet."

He chuckled, amusedly, taking a bite out of his steak.“You've been checking me out. Baby?” He drawled. I flushed.

"No. I wanted to know more about you, since you wouldn't tell me anything." I accused. A knowing look crossed his face. Yeah I was aware,the forbidden topic.

“Don't worry. I am not broaching that subject.” I fixed a weary gaze on my food again.

*Silence*.

"When I was able to, I got enrolled into MIT. My mother was very proud,the day I brought my enrollment details to her. Her eyes held joy for the first time in years." He started, dragging my attention. I stared at him quietly, not wanting to spoil the moment.

"Mum was sick at the time with lung cancer and was undergoing treatment. Smoking. But all the money I had couldn't buy my mother's health back, like I was able to pay for my tuition fees." His sadness was palpable. I yearned to comfort him.
"Perhaps that's the reason I never bothered celebrating my achievements.She died a year later." He placed a wan smile, but I could still feel the ache in his heart. His sorrow, explicit.
###Chapter 69:Hey Levi...

***Levi***

We sat silently for a while. She, contemplating my words. Me, dispelling my hurt.

Mum had died from prolonged smoking, which she had imbibed.all those years ago, to dissipate her suffering.

But it hadn't worked. Rather, it had taken her life, when all my wealth streamed in. Everything I had amassed for her and yet, she had left too soon. The only consolation was that she had somehow enjoyed a bit of it.The house in Malibu had been hers. That's one of the reasons I avoided the house. The memories there. Miami was my tuff in those days, while mum just stayed in Malibu, drinking in the sun as she always loved.

“Am sorry about your mum."

I heard Kenya's quiet voice. She too had lost a parent; she must understand how I felt.

“Thanks.”I smiled.

I forked my food, the taste bland in my mouth. I missed mum, it hurt sometimes. If dad had not been so callous with everything, mum wouldn't have succumbed to the cigarettes to drive away the humiliation she felt.Working those jobs night and day, to put food on our table and clothes on our backs.

"Then why do you smoke?" Kenya softly accused. I raised my eyes to her.No judgement in her eyes. Just curiousity.

I chuckled. “Not always. Just when am tensed. When I crave something
that I can't have." I baited her. Her eyes briefly widened, making me smirk. She got my message. I returned to my food.

"Why can't you have it?" She asked.

I returned a startled gaze to her. Her expression, innocent, but I saw something there. *Seduction*? A hint of nonchalance. *Oh she wanted to play this game.* Choosing to play along with her, I replied.

"It's reluctance to yield to me. Fighting me at every turn." I drawled.

My voice dropping, teasing. I picked up a tomato slice and popped it in my mouth. She followed my lips with her eyes, swallowing. I smiled inwardly. She got my drift. Something dark and sensual stirred in the air.The tension crackling, suffocating. Needing an outlet, for release.

"Maybe you're wrong. Maybe this thing you crave prefers other methods.Prefers other worlds." She defended.

I paused, gauging her. She had pain in her eyes, and I couldn't tell why.She got a chance to tease me, yet she was gloomy.

“I...”

“Hey Levi." A female voice a few steps away from us, interrupted me.

I looked up to see Mona hurriedly stepping forward, her hands already wide for a hug. In no time, she closed the distance between us and I couldn't help but hold her, as she fell into my lap.

Beautiful, soft, warm, just like I remembered. Her expensive perfume,already veiling me. But this time, it didn't do wicked things to me. It only assailed me. My eyes hastily drifted to Kenya,gawking at us. I quietly rose to my feet, bringing Mona along.
Feeling awkward at the pair of eyes that assessed us, I spoke.

"Baby, this is Mona Hera. She's one of Victoria's top models. Mona, my beautiful wife, Kenya." I managed the introductions, without Kenya's glares shooting me down. *Was she jealous*? She looked flabbergasted. I liked her jealous.

“Hi, Mona. Nice to meet you.” Kenya greeted, smiling. Mona nodded arrogantly and turned back to me, stroking my exposed tattoo.I frowned.

“Darling...”

“Mona."” My tone was menacing. “I think my wife just greeted you."I watched her. irritated. She stared at me, astounded, before she turned to Kenya.

“Hello.” Mona arrogantly let out, dryly. Her gaze returned to my expressionless eyes, which stared darkly at her. What she saw there,startled her.


“Levi...”

"I don't condone rudeness to my wife, Mona. And you just did. Apologize properly, immediately or this meeting is over." I was firm. Both women gasped. I didn't have to see Kenya's face to recognize her bewilderment.

Mona hesitantly muttered, her gaze on Kenya. "I'm sorry.”

“It's okay.” Kenya replied and shifted her eyes to me. There was a brief sadness there. Then quietly she rose to her feet, excusing herself from the table. I was upset.

“I can't believe you'd do that to me, Levi. Make me apologize to her."
A scowl marred my face as I stared back at Mona. Her eyes held tears as she continued. "I heard of your marriage, while I was in Paris. But I hadn't expected the devotion I just saw. You never had that when you were with me. Perhaps I could have paid more attention to you then." She sniffed.flicking a few strayed tears away.

I quietly considered her words.

Mona and I had dated, two years ago. We had gone out a few times.Enjoyed puablic appearances together. The sex. But we had never attached any labels to our relationship. A mutual agreement to just have fun. To have a beautiful woman beside me, because Mona was model beautiful.American's one-time top model. But I grew boredand things just,stopped.Both of us into our lives, it never would never have worked. *So what made her say such thoughts now that I was married?*

"We had fun, Mona. We wouldn't have worked out." I revealed, calmly.

Her gaze was steady on me. Her lips pulled into a tight line. Her black hair.singly braided and her olive skin shone from the stray sun rays. Yes,Mona was extremely beautiful, buit she would never be compared to the woman I was married to.

Kenya was fire and I loved that I was the only fireman that could douse her. Drench her in all the passion I could summon. Mona was spiritless.One of the women that was carried away by my charm, my wealth. Kenya however, wasn't impressed by all my achievements. A surprise that she even checked me out on the internet. Or that she noticed I smoked.

With Kenya, I was the real me that I lost, 20 years ago.
###Chapter 70: Drenched...

***Kenya***.

I hated that such disdain, made me cry.

I should have been used to it by now; the looks of contempt from others,whenever I was introduced as his wife. But today, I felt hurt. Perhaps because of the woman's beauty. Or my inferiority. *Damn it.* I was a mess.I dabbed my eyes again for the hundredth time, since I entered the ladies'room.

My phone buzzed from Kirsten's incoming text. We were chatting.Since that night we met, we grew closer and I even asked that we visited them,perhaps next month. I wanted to see her. I really missed her presence.She was like this elder sister I never had. Not that Amanda wasn't great. She was. But with Kirsten, I wasn't superficial. I was me.

***Kirsten: You're beautiful, Kenya. Don't feel inferior before Mona. Trust me when I tell you our husbands were the hottest, before their marriage.We're talking of the most eligible bachelors. Well, yours was a widower.Yet,hot.***

I laughed, sitting on a stool in front of a mirror. There were rows of stools before the ornate mirrors. The entire room was lavish. Pink and gold decorations.

***Me: Then why did he marry me,if His Royal Hotness,knew his reputation. He should have ended up with Mona or something. You should have seen her face. It was like I died and smelled bad  ***

“Kenya.” I heard Levi's voice as he knocked. I startled. *Why was he knocking the ladies' room? Was hegoing to come in?*
"Am in here." I answered. Silence followed, before I heard footsteps.He was gone. I lowered my focus to my phone again and then the door barged open, with Levi coming in. I started at the unexpectedness,while he locked the door.

"Levi? What are you doing here?" I asked, wide eyed. He turned to me,his eyes raking me over. Then without another word, he strolled over and kissed me hungrily. He didn't break, he didn't pause, he just groped me,kissing me. I was surprised, my mind assimilating, while I matched his kiss.

It was hungry, maddening. Need laced beneath and I delved in it. My phone slipping and shattering. Mona forgotten.

I ground my hips into his hardness, earning a smile from him, while we kissed. He slipped his hands into my top, which I had changed into before we left the beach house, tweaking my nipples. I ached from the touch.My body on fire. I bit my lip.

"What if someone comes in.” I asked, hazy. He kissed my neck.

“I tipped some people. This is our domain until you are drenched and pulsíng for me.” He smiled, slyly. I moaned, as he intensified the pressure on my nipples. He sucked my nipples.

“Levi...I can't wait." I called hastily. My breath rapid. "I need you."I called, slipping clumsy fingers between us, until I found his fly. I unzipped and let out his hard cock. He already had some precum for me.He wanted me, as well. Without another word, I shifted my panties and just lowered myself unto him.

Pain. I cried.
"You're still new to this Baby. Still tight. Let me guide you.”He urged,gently. I nodded, allowing him toy with me. Fanning me in strokes with his deft fingers, until I was wet and dripping for him. Then he pushed himself into me, until he was buried to the hilt.

Moving gently, his hips thrusting to set the pace, I rolled. Panting from the pleasure, the pain that rippled through me. I cried, moaned and clutched him. Not wanting to let him go. Tears in my eyes, from the pain,the sweetness. Not to talk of the unexpectedness and excitement at being taken by my dangerous husband in public.

He pinched my nipples, kissing my lips, taking in my cries. He wasn't in a hurry. His only focus was me, my satisfaction in his arms. I suddenly wondered if he had pleasured the likes of Mona. If he had taken them here. The thoughts, shuttered me. But he ground me deeper into him and I was pliant again.

My eyes locked with his. And what I saw there was beautiful. Levi's eyes centered on me. My pleasure, my release. My excitement. His gaze wasn't locked on any other woman. He was here,adoring my body. Decorating it with his kisses, his juice. Impaling it with his hard erection. His body reacting to my touch. His lips flooding me, until I was mindless. And there was no greater pleasure than that. No greater satisfaction.

In Levi, I found my release. My need. In him, I was just me. He took me at a pace, which I was comfortable with. He considered my passion,putting it far above his. And I couldn't find anything better. Even though his life held some mystery, he was my mystery to unravel.

Our bodies synchronized in pleasure, I found my release,crying his name inside his mouth. He swallowed my voice, pressing us into a deep kiss.Soon, he thrust one last time, his own guttural cry, buried in our kiss, as
he came. His body throbbed inside me and I smiled satisfactorily.

Placing one kiss on my lips, he leaned back and watch me from heated eyes.

"You look extremely beautiful after a good fucking, Mrs Ruthford." His smile was teasing, his voice, sultry. I smiled shyly at his naughtiness.I didn't even have a comeback. Seeing my awkwardness, he chuckled and kissed me long and hard.

“Come on, let's go home and finish this." He dangled, his lips quirked.

“But what about Mona. I thought you were with her earlier?" I asked,biting myself for even bringing that up. But I couldn't help it.Somehow,I still felt the weight of insecurity clamping me.

He raised a brow, staring into my eyes, as I still remained disheveled in his laps.

"Mona was my past. You are my wife."
###Chapter 71: I'm A Killer ...

***Levi***.

It was 10:24 pm and I sat outside, drinking in the night's air. Wearing nothing but white cotton pants and my bare chest. The sea lapped before my eyes, arrogantly bathing the dwarf walls with its wetness.

I left Kenya asleep inside. The scent of herarousal still clung to me,as I lay on the recliner, taking a smoke. The smell filled me, the nicotine coursed through me. Some coffee lay on the floor, as I chatted with Liam.

***Liam: I'm hosting another stripper's night in honor of your girl tomorrow. You said she never being to strippers before right?***

I smiled at that memory.

***Me: Not from my observation. She was more of an indoor girl. Dancing,family and friends***.

I waited for Liam's reply.

My friend Liam Copeland was the owner of Possess Club and Casino. An elite and exclusive establishment, with branches in most parts of the States.Miami was the headquarters. He was equally the owner of his late grandparents' thriving ranch.

***Liam: She's gorgeous, Levi. How you gonna handle everything, if she's with you?***

***Me: Don't worry.***

I heard shuffling steps and turned to see Kenya in a mini lacy robe,approach. I stubbed my cigarette and put away my phone to pull her in.I
replaced her phone earlier. I smiled knowingly at the occurrence in the ladies'room.

Easily, Kenya slipped into my arms, falling in place. We had finished another heated moment of passion, before we fell asleep, minutes ago.Liam's call had woken me up. And after our talk, I couldn't go back to sleep. So I decided to come outside, while we chatted.

Now as she lay in my arms, breathing easily, I couldn't help but smile at how we had spent the entire day. Our hands barely leaving each other,we had had sex on almost every surface in the house. Artfully dismissing the staff for the day. Languidly enjoying each other.

Her eyes lifted to me. “You didn't sleep. And you smoked.” She chided,gently.

I smiled, slyly. leaning in to kiss her full on the lips. There was something in her eyes as I stared at her. I couldn't understand it. And neither could I understand how I felt. It was like something shifted in us, something that just altered everything.

“Liam has organized a special strippers' night in your honor tomorrow.”I informed her, trying to distract the feeling that coursed through me.

It made my chest tighten. She nodded against my chest. We spoke about Liam today. I didn't want her to be surprised at his personality.

"So Miami was your tuff, like you told me." She intoned.

"Yes. Liam and I. This is his territory. He's a Florida born." I smiled.“But he grew up with his grandparents in their Houston ranch."

“Oh. An orphan.”"
“No.” I paused, gathering my next words. My friends all had dark pasts like I did. Apart from Henry who just recently got a dark past of his own.“He's got issues with his parents."

"Okay." She breathed. I liked this. Having her in my arms, fitted to perfection on top of me. My chest soared with pride. The feeling engulfing.

"I got a call from the foreman today. The school is finished. You can move in anytime you like."I told her.

On her plea, I hadn't fired Mr Fizz and Ryan for their ineptitude days ago;when she fell. Ryan's for not following my orders to stick with her.

"Thank you." I heard her smile. I nodded, caressing her back. Desire stoked me, as I felt her skin beneath the lacy dress. She wore thin nightie underneath.

“I'd be hosting a reopening for the school in August. And I'd love you to invite your friends." She requested, distracting my naughty thoughts.

"Is Mrs Ruthford asking me to a party?" I teased, playfully. She chuckled,heartily. I enjoyed her cheerfulness.

“Alright. Call it whatever you will. But am not having it any other way."She warned, lightly.

“Would you líke the medía present?" I asked, just so she wouldn't stop talking to me. I felt her nod.

“I'd make arrangements for that." I informed her. We fell into a comfortable silence. She was my peaceful existence and I wanted to give her the world. My mum would have liked her.

"I can't sleep." I heard her say,quietly.
Slyly, I replied. “You know I have a weapon that will help you sleep." A smile played on my lips, desire already rousing me.

"What?" She asked. chuckling. Her body already reacting to my hips that rolled beneath her. Raising her chin, until our eyes met, I said.

"This." I lowered my lips to her and tentatively kissed her. Smooth, slow,my heart swelling. She placed her warm hands on my bare chest,caressing me, tweaking my nipples. I groaned in pleasure. Her smile evoking one from me, as we deepened the kiss.

Pulling her into me. I splayed tentative fingers over her, pulling her legs into my crotch. She pressed her leg in, the little minx.

I found her pussy, which soaked my finger, until she could take no more.

When her sated eyes lifted to mine, I fell into her dark, hazel orbs.Her beauty mesmerizing me, as my hard cock found her sweet, warm entrance.

I filled her, her moans, the only sounds that sought me. Her tightness, my satiation.

This time, the salty breeze against our skins, the air, warm and cool, we sought our bodies. We filled our souls. The passion reached and burned within us.

I set a slow rhythm. Matching the unidentifiable emotions that spiraled uncontrollably inside me. I touched her with my heart, my eyes.Memorizing every part of her.

When we finished, we both lay on the sturdy recliner, naked. Our skins cooling. Her breathing evened, as she sept.

Then like a sinner to a confessor, I said, “Baby, I'm a killer. I took my
first life at 16."
###Chapter 72: My Own Dancer...

***Levi.***

***Philadelphia,***

***September 30th,***

***Twenty Years earlier...***

“Alright students. You can see that in this sculpture, *the little dancer,*Degas' use of real elements, gave it some reality. You see the essence of life that Degas always loved to portray in his works."

Mr Crat described as he took us on a tour of the European Art gallery in the Philadelphia art museum.

I ignored the man's words and focused my 15-year-old mind on the sweet,innocent 14-year-old dancer that was sculptured by Degas. His only sculpture anyway*. I think I prefer his paintings to this sculpture*, I concluded.

“What you doing?” The familiar drawl of my friend, Albert Bethel,came.*Friend*, for sake of a better term. Albert wasn't close to anyone. Not even his family. *I think I am the closest he's ever been with a person*.

"The girl is so pretty." I exhaled. “It's like am seeing her mind. I wonder if she had a boy our age that liked her." I turned to Albert,who equally watched the piece.

Albert shrugged, nonchalantly. "I think you are the only friend I've got that knows his Degas." Albert winked at me.

"I'm the only real friend you've got, prick face." I teased. Both of us
silently giggling, so we wouldn't attract Mr Crat.

"You know; I am going to have my own dancer one day. A sweet girl,who would be entirelymine. She wouldn't belong to anyone else."I emotionally intoned, staring at the girl.

Wanting to hold her hand. I loved the color of the sculpture.The chocolate hue. The color of my favorite dessert.

"Yeah. You'd have one, if my father would come here now and apologize for all those years he left me here in Philadelphia with his sister and not with him." Albert snidely remarked.

I turned to Albert, feeling sorry for him.

He lived here in Philadelphia, since he was six. Never going home.His father deliberately severed all tieswith him. And his mother at the time it occurred,had been too soft hearted to fight.

She died soon after Albert was brought here.

"Am sorry dude." I tapped his shoulder. He shrugged me off and moved away,joining the others, who were looking at a painting.

I lingered longer, watching that sculpture. My resolve firm that I'd one day have my own dancer.

***

***Monday,a week later.***

I sat in the school dining room and ate silently, while my friends all talked animatedly around me.

I was caught in the middle of their argument. They all had a bet that
Albert wouldn't ask a girl in the girls' school, Caprice as a date for the school's annual fall dance in three weeks. I knew Albert would pull it off.But they argued against it. Albert was unsociable. Most times, he sat among the boys, only when he was certain I was around.

"Hey dude, you've been awfully quiet." Abel, another one of my friends threw at me.

I looked up from my food. Albert nodded his head at me, a brow raised in concern. I shook my head. I couldn't tell them that my dad was falling into debts and it worried my mum.

I got another call from her, yesterday evening, informing me of the number of letters to that effect she found hidden in dad's office drawer.

Telling my friends would mean I was heading to poverty lane. And that could never happen to me, because I was a Ruthford.

Born into a very reputable family, actually one of America's wealthiest and renowned families, I was highly famous. I walked the streets and all eyes turned to me, media following me, just to get a story. That was the reason I was sent to school here.

St Damian's Private Boarding School for boys, Philadelphia, was just an escape route my parents had chosen to hide me from the public. At least with it, I was sure to have a normal childhood with kids my age.

The school,reputable, enrolled only kids from the wealthiest families. Kids whose parents always contributed handsomely to it's development.

A school that always assessed the bank statements of the parents. It was going to be chaos, if theyknew our current situation.

"Hey Ruthford, who are you taking to the fall dance?" Mike asked,
playfully.

Everyone at the table turned curious stares to me. I hadn't even thought about that. These days, I was as nervous as shit, thinking about the crisis at home.

"Err...Meghan..." I remarked, coolly.

Meghan would be willing to go. She was the hottest girl in the girls'school nearby.

My friends all cheered. Their heartiness mildly easing me. I needed to give Meghan a call later, to remind her.

Tall, very mature for my age, I was termed one of the most handsome students in school. My green eyes my weapon and charm with the ladies.One look at them and they weakened. So Meghan would feel honored to have me as her date for the dance.

After losing my virginity to my first girl friend, Tori, on our fourteenth birthday, last year, I was on fire. Every girl had become my canvas to paint all the colors of sin.

Both schools welcomed only rich and respectable students. All born with golden spoons, we had no care in the world but our name. Maintaining high standards, we were born into.

We couldn't become poor. That was definitely out of the question.


If we did, I'd lose my face before these guys and the medlia.

Pasting a fake smile, I listened to the others. Drinking, dancing, girls, sex;was all going to be memorable activities for the dance. I only hoped dad sorted this shit soon. Because the last thing I needed was an emotional
wreckage,now that my grades were in perfect synchrony for better chances after high school.
Dad said Harvard. Mum and I said MIT. I'd just let life after high school play out.
###Chapter 73: My Art Piece...

Kenya.
Thursday, present day...
"You've been awfully quiet since we arrived this morning," I said to Levi, as we stood before the magnificent white marble sculpture of Dionysus.
He turned to me, his shoulders tensing for a fleeting second before he relaxed. "It’s nothing, baby. I’m just taking it all in, just like you are." He smiled, but I caught a flicker of something deeper in his eyes—a shadow of thoughts he wasn't yet ready to share.
I had woken up this morning feeling a rare sense of peace. When I turned in bed, Levi was still asleep, his arm draped possessively yet gently around my waist. His handsome face looked so relaxed and innocent in the morning light, a stark contrast to the powerful man the world knew. I had spent a few quiet minutes just watching the even rhythm of his breathing, my mind drifting back to the evening before. It hadn't just been about passion; there was a newfound tenderness, a connection that felt like a fragile bridge being built over a wide chasm. We had spent the day talking, ordering takeout, and simply being—a luxury we hadn't allowed ourselves before.
"There is still more to see inside. Shall we?" Levi’s voice urged me out of my reverie. I nodded, slipping my hand into his as he guided us toward the Vizcaya mansion. The surrounding water and the historic architecture felt like a step back into a more romantic era.
As we strolled through the villa, checking the rooms like any other guests, I spoke up again. "You can tell me what’s on your mind. I might not be able to solve it, but I’m a very good listener."
He laughed softly, the sound echoing in the high-ceilinged hall. "I was just remembering something from my childhood when we were looking at that sculpture."
“Something good?” I pressed.
He shrugged. "Some of it. I remembered visiting a museum in Philadelphia and seeing my first Degas. I was captivated."
"No way! You love Degas too?" I asked, genuinely surprised.
“I do. And from your tone, I take it you’re a fan as well?" He chuckled.
"Of course! He’s my favorite artist because of the way he captured the soul of the ballet. The movement, the discipline... it’s all there," I beamed.
"I’ve actually acquired a few of his original sketches over the years," he said. I hadn't known that. I realized then how much I had missed because I was so engrossed in my own pain.
"Are they in the Manhattan house?" I asked, intrigued.
“They are. Didn't you notice them?" He looked at me with a soft, non-judgmental smile. I felt a flush of embarrassment at my lack of observation. "Perhaps we can spend some time looking at them properly when we return."
We stopped before an intricate Italian tapestry, its rich colors and ancient patterns telling a story of their own. "This is a masterpiece," I murmured, my eyes filled with admiration. "Timeless and unique."
I felt Levi's gaze on me before I saw it. Our fingers interlaced, his warmth radiating through me.
“You are the masterpiece, Kenya,” he said, his voice dropping to a low, intimate whisper near my ear. “You’re one in a million. If I could, I’d keep you in a frame just to admire you every single day.”
I looked up at him, a playful yet shy smile touching my lips. "I think you’re being a bit too poetic for such a crowded museum."
He smiled, a genuine, warm expression that reached his eyes. His hand rested lightly on the small of my back, a supportive and grounding touch. "Is it a crime to appreciate beauty when it's standing right in front of me?"
We shared a quiet laugh as another group of tourists passed by. I liked this new version of us—it was comfortable, light, and free of the crushing tension that had defined our early days. Perhaps we could be more than just partners in a complicated dance. Perhaps we could be friends.

Levi.
It was 8 pm, and we were preparing for an evening out.
I had already notified Liam that we were on our way to the new club on 57th. A strange sense of vulnerability had gripped me since last night. In the quiet hours, as Kenya slept, I had whispered a confession into the silence—truths I hadn't even admitted to myself. Her newfound tenderness had weakened my defenses. I felt as though her presence was no longer just a desire, but a necessity for my survival.
I wore a black long-sleeved shirt, the top buttons undone, and tailored black slacks. I made sure to discreetly check my security detail’s status on my phone. I had promised Kenya a night of fun, but in my world, 'fun' always required a layer of protection.
I wanted to give her a night to remember—a chance to experience the city not as a captive or a pawn, but as my wife. She had mentioned how her friends had planned to take her to this club before our marriage had upended her life. Tonight, I was going to ensure she didn't feel she had missed out on anything. I was going to give her a fabulous first night out, one that would finally start to overwrite the shadows of our past.
###Chapter 74: All the King's Horses...

***Levi.***

***Philadelphia,***

***October 18th, twenty years earlier...***

I lay in bed. Meghan rolling her hips on top of me. Her cry of release,my undoing.

My blood pumping in my crotch, pleasure searing me, I finally came.Letting out a guttural cry, my release explosive,filling Meghan. She was on birth control, so we had no issues.

I finally asked her to the dance, days ago and she delightfully agreed.She thought that I had found someone else, so she had reined in her disappointment. Letting the dance goall together, if she couldn't have me.

Sex tonight with her was her gratitude. Remarkable how wealth could make girls older than me, like Meghan, flutter around.

She was 16 and could have any of the older boys, yet she went for me.

I heard she had been dating the quarter back in our team, until last month.He dumped her arse for Lucia, her best friend.

We finished and I leaned over. Picking a box of scented wipes for us.She kissed me and I smiled, wanly. Distracted by the news I had read on the internet earlier in the day, about stocks falling in most of the major companies. The media was considerate not to name the companies,because of the damage it would cause the families involved. Yet my worry lingered.
When I called dad, he assured me our safety.

In spite of dad's words. I couldn't dispel the doubt that gnawed inside me.

"Did you hear that Abel's father was affected by those fallen stocks?"Meghan softly said. I turned to her. She sat upright, pulling elegant fingers through her shining blonde hair.

My body shook with alarm and curiosity. *How did she get to know? I thoughtthe names weren't published.*

I tried to school my emotions, but it was difficult, considering I had no certainty about my family's standing.

"How did you know?" I cleared my throat. She shrugged. Shrugged to a situation such as this.

“His father was a customer in dad's bank until this morning when he lost everything." She smiled, kissing me full on the lips.

Yeah, Meghan's dad would know that, since he owned a bank. Mirage was a family owned bank, established years ago by the Reeds.

Timothy Reed, was a very shrewd president of the bank and he was renowned for his lack of leniency with his customers. Thankfully, dad wasn't his customer.

"I wonder how Abel's taking it?" I asked no one in particular.She shrugged again.

"Talia,his girlfriend says he has been called back home. They'll be leaving for Phoenix in a few days. That's the only home they've got left."

I didn't see pity in Meghan's eyes as she spoke. To her,Abel Greenoff,
was another statistic in Mirage's books. This could be my story, if Dad's equally affected. I had no clue on that.

I shuddered, wondering how these guys that called themselves friends,could go from friendly to standoffish.

Trying to be nonchalant, I shrugged. "It's his loss." But my heart said differently. I needed to drop Meghan at her own apartment,so that I could privately speak to my mum.

A few minutes later, I dropped Meghan off in my sleek blue Porsche. A birthday gift from dad. Agony stirred me at the thought of having all these,seized by a bank. I sympathized with Abel, tremendously, but I couldn't help him.

Meghan hadn't even ceased chattering about Abel's woes on our way.

"Good night, Levi." She kissed me deeply, just before she exited the car.

I drove to a quiet corner and invainly phoned mum. It was 9 pm and she was probably at a party or something.

Choosing to trust dad's words, I drove back to my apartment.


***


水米0

***Thirteen days later...***

It was finally the annual fall dance and all of us trudged into the venue.Dressed in majestic costumes and masks.

The senior girls from St Catherine's Private Boarding school,accompanied us as dates for the night. It was a fun program that both prestigious
schools participated in. Allowing social interaction amongst students.

I wore a white tux and white cape. A white angel's mask draping my face,looking regal. Even Meghan was beautifully dressed as calypso. Her hair held in Grecian style.

"Who are you supposed to be?" Albert, dressed as a Scandinavian warrior,with a cosplay sword sheathed at his side, asked.

“An angel..." I shrugged playfully. Caprice stood by his side, dressed as Athena. She looked beautiful as well. We laughed at our silliness and entered the party, mingling.

Way into the night. I was kissing Meghan, stroking her. Our bodies pressed together as we danced like the other couples in the party.

I liked dating her, even though she was older me. I liked our chemistry and I was aware it wouldn't lead anywhere, but I liked having the popular girl as my date.

My girlfriend.

"Would you like to make this official?" I whispered in her lips. Kissing her to accentuate my words. She gasped,excited.

"I'd be delighted Levi. I thought you'd never ask." She gifted mea kiss,my cock already tightened.

“But, what about our age difference. You don't mind after high school I'd be off to college?" She hesitantly asked. I shrugged. I didn't if she didn't.

"I don't mind. Let's bother about us here and not after high school."I thoughtfully said to her. "Life after high school would take care of itself."I smiled.
She smiled sweetly.

"Levi! Levi!" I heard someone call a few steps away. We turned and I saw Lincoln walking over. He was on our football team. I frowned,drawing closer.

Meghan's fingers were laced sweetly in mine.

"What's up. Link?" I scowled. His look was grim, as he showed me his blackberry.

"Your father, dude. He committed suicide hours ago. The banks came for everything."

Ice crawled into my heart.

All the King's horses couldn't stop humpty from falling.
###Chapter 75: Lil Freaks...

***Kenya.***

***Present day...***

Loud music reverberated through the halls as we walked into the club.Bright techno lights.

This entire floor dedicated to VIP customers.

Possess club and Casino, was a tall, multi-story building situated on Miami Beach. Levi informed me that the majestic building was constructed by his company. a few years ago. I felt pride at the revelation.

I was dressed in black broad soled heels, black lacy, mono sleeved jumpsuit. It showed my bare legs and arms. My ears had ona diamond earrings. My hair, silk pressed. Dropping below my shoulders. Levi said we had to dress expensive; club's dress code.

He looked extremely handsome as well. His hair shining,tussled. Top buttons of his shirt, open to expose some skin. I swallod, tempted.

A door slid open and we walked into a huge hall, filled with lavishly dressed attendees, in plush seats. The lighting, soft, erotic. It was like walking into a private show room. I gawked as my eyes swept roundI the room. There were tables attached to all the seats and women in expensive lingerie, their faces masked, pole danced on all the tables. The eyes of the guests lazily watched the dancers perform.

My thighs clenched at the lewdness. I stared as we walked further. They didn't even mind the stares, they just dlanced. Deftly expressing their emotions.
“Do they get embarrassed?" I asked. Levi's gaze studied me, as we finally sat at a table with Ruthfords' on it. He helped me to my sit, a waiter coming to take our orders.
His eyes flicked to a dancer. "They're paid handsomely." He tilted his head at me.

I couldn't even explain how I felt. I didn't know if it was right that the women worked this kind of jobs. I had no idea what I thought. A few months ago, I would have had an answer. But ever since my marriage to Levi, it was like all reason abandoned me. The world no longer black and white.

"If you're uncomfortable we can just see Liam and leave."Levi considerately suggested.

I stared at him. My eyes caught sight of a girl already approaching us.Our dancer for the night. I swallowed. She was dressed in bejeweled lingerie, her mask equally jeweled. Her jeweled heels clicked as she mounted the steps. Her skin the same hue as mine, shining under the soft light. Her exotic scent, intoxicating. Levi held his hand in midair, halting her.

"Just say the word Kenya. Your sensibility matters to me."

I hesitated. My eyes shifting to the shining pole and I recalled thenight he asked me to pole dance for him. Intrigue suddenly banished my hesitation.

“I'm fine Levi. I want to watch." My voice was soft.

Levi nodded his head and the dancer commenced with her dancing. Her fluid movement caught my eyes and I just got lost.

“I'd be right back." Levi kissed me. "I got to answer this call."
I barely registered a word he said, because I was so entranced by the beautiful dancer.

Her movements, expertly delivered, as she leaped on the pole. Her body language, clear, as she displayed her inner emotions. Seduction.I wondered if I could seduce Levi like that. She wasn't hesitant or shy. She was bold and I admired that.

I was tempted to touch. To feel her skin; her long legs hugging those heels.Even her hips. swayed seductively. The bass, booming across the speakers.Was I *wrong in being tempted to touch her. Did that make me lustful?*
"One would think you wish to climb the pole and dance." I heard a rich voice say.

I turned sharply. A very tall, handsome man,stood by my side. Chiseled.He had blonde hair, cropped and tussled, on his head. His face, clean shaven and he wore white long sleeved shirt and black slacks. Beside him was a waiter, who dropped a bottle of wine and three glasses on our table.

My eyes assessed him. He looked the same height as Levi. I flushed from being caught staring so profoundly at the dancer.

"I don't wish to dance on the pole."I lied*. I really wished to dance for my husband on the pole.*

The man grinned, seductively and lazily. He sat beside me,equally watching the dancer. I took the opportunity to gaze at his profile. His face had very fine features. His eyes gleamed, under the light. I couldn't really discern their color, but they stared intensely.

“She dances beautifully, doesn't she?" He remarked, his eyes burning me.

I hastily averted my gaze, upset that he caught me staring. It was awkward,
staring at another man that wasn't Levi. It made me feel awful.

I flicked a gaze to the man and saw he watched me from his scrutinizing gaze.

"I asked my husband if they feel embarrassed dancing like this. But he told me they are handsomely paid.” I smiled, nervously. The man's gaze was blank as he watched me. Then he moved his gaze to the dancer.

"They are." He drawled. He wasn't in a hurry. I watched his lips. They were alluring. Perfectly fitted for his face. "And they enjoy their work.Each one of these dancers, has a wealthy patron that caters for her wellbeing." He smirked. A devilish gleam in his eyes.

I looked at the women in a new light.

"We have lawyers for them. They pay taxes as well."

I stared at the dancer before us. I wondered if Levi was one of their patrons. If he had a girl he catered for, since he seemed familiar with the owner of the establishment.

“I am curious. My husband seems to know the owner of the place.Could he have had a girl?"

*Silence*.

"He did. Two lil freaks."

I faltered, confused. "Lil freaks? H...How did you know?”I asked,bewildered. At the same time, affronted, jealous.

“Because I am the owner of the place. Liam Bethel at your service.”
###Chapter 76: Tragedy's VeiL...

***Levi.***

***New York,***

***Twenty years earlier...***

I stared at the black shining coffin being laid into the ground.

Six feet. The sound of the wheel as it lowered the coffin, a reminder of dad's demise. Mum crying in my arms, wet the front of my black coat. Family friends stood around, commiserating with us. But I barely heard them.All I heard were the words that rambled on the news for the past two weeks,since he died.

****Richard Ruthford found dead. Throat slit in his office of their Irvington residence.'***

****Richard's suicide note; Am sorry Christina and Levi. I should have been a better husband and father.'***

***Debt drowned Ruthford. Stocks fell. No way out. Possessions claimed by the banks.'***

I inhaled a shaky breath, drowning in the enormity of reality. The banks were already taking everything. The cars, the houses. The companies.Everything.

It turns out dad mortgaged everything and now the banks had to claim all assets to cover the loans he had taken, which he had been unable to repay.The stocks fell, so he couldn't repay the loans he had borrowed.

But that was the surface news.
The truth was dad never used that loan for investments he had claimed them for.
An investigative journalist had revealed that all the money dad borrowed had been for his gambling and pleasure; women. Mum had threatened to sue the journalist.

But once the banks came knocking, she barely had any strength left.

She was smoking more these days. Attributed it to the cold. But I was aware her humiliation pushed her further down.

My friends were gone. Not a soul left. Meghan no longer picked my calls and the school hadn't even bothered to send a representative to the funeral.It was like I never existed. Albert was kind enough to attend the funeral.Am sure Abel would have, if he had still been alive.
He was found dead in a pool, two days after dad died. Suicide. Couldn't bear the humiliation from the guys at school. I couldn't even cry when I heard. I only allowed numbness consume me. Tragedy's veil,my cloak.

“Levi.”

I started at the voice. Meghan's father; Timothy reed. I was too numb to be shocked that he was present. Equally dressed in black, his wife stood beside him, wearing a pity look. *I hated pity looks.*

"I am sorry about your loss.”

Timothy Reed turned his unreadable hard gaze to mum. He was in good form,his wealth not affecting his fitness. "Christina. Take heart. Richard is in a better place."

I lifted a sharp gaze to the man. *What better place?* He was dead. Then I
exhaled, truth flooding me. Dad was in a better place, which he didn't deserve, for all his bullshit recklessness. While we suffered.
I didn't cry at the funeral. Iwas only furious. I didn't even cry when Lincoln broke the news that nght. I only sank to the floor in shock.
Ignoring the Reeds and mum, I walked in the direction of the only car left.Mine. Dad didn't mortgage that one. He was considerate enough. Perhaps his own pity hormone had kicked in then.
But we might need to sell later. Mum's accounts were emptying because of the debts. By the time she's finished paying them,there'd be nothing left.

Thank God Meghan didn't come. I might have taken out her dad's words on her. I watched the man, touching mum's arms. Even though she wore her coat. I still felt his filthy hand scorch her.

The fallen golden leaves rustled in the distance and I allowed their sight distract me from Timothy, who couldn't even hold his prick in check, in his wife's presence. I was aware my mum's beauty. Her emerald eyes mirrored mine. Actually I looked like mum, but with dad's hard features.So I didn't blame the men from touching her.

None of them could when dad was alive. They had all respected her. Now the cat's dead; the mice play.

Dad's guards were all gone, even the household workers. Mum couldn't maintain their pay.

The Ruthford mansion was already in the bank's possession. The banks were selling it to the Macklesfields. I was friends with one of them. We were chat buddies and he promised me that one day, I'd get back the house. I don't even know why those words lifted me a bit. It was like a
vow of two young boys, who didn't know the shit world we lived in. But I held on to that encouragement. That vow.
Yes. I'd get back the house, restore the family's honor. Every taint of dad's error would be erased.

"The Moores are here. Do you want to say hi?" Albert came up beside me.His tone. grave. I turned to him. My gaze, hard. I think he felt it and looked at me. He understood immediately my reason for walking away from the scene.

“Don't think filthy thoughts man. Your mnum is too pure for that." Albert snorted.

“But they aren't," I snidely said.

My eyes turned to where she stood, innocuously greeting the idiots that held only dirt in their hearts for her.

“It's them.”

Albert inhaled a steady breath. Am sure he equally saw. We had our backs leaned against the car, my hands in my pockets.

"Maybe you should see beyond that, Levi. Your mum's grieving. She wouldn't even have a thought to be with any of these men," Albert said.ruefully. My lips pulled back in a grim line as the thought of her, soiling herself before these men,took form.

"I would break every fucking bone in their bodies, if they dare as bring out their pricks to her." I vowed, my tone dark. I felt Albert's gaze on me for a while, silently contemplating.

"If they do, I'd give you leave to break them." Albert sneered.
I slipped into the car. For the first time since the death, I cried bitterly.
###Chapter 77: Just Business...

***Kenya.***

***Present day...***

*Liam Bethel? Wow*.*This man just broke me.*

I stared at him, mixed emotions inundating me. *Lil Freaks?* *What sort of name was that?* I swept a gaze around the dancers. I didn't even know what to say.

*Levi had two women? Mistresses*. This was doing weird things to my inside. I was battling shock, curiosity and jealously. It was all too much.And a strange welcome of naughty thoughts.

"Can I see them?" I asked, quietly. I think I was hurt. I couldn't tell. Liam gauged me,his head tilted.

A grin pestered his lips. “They're gone. He settled them both, as soon as he proposed to you." Liam revealed.

My lips parted, speechless.

If I recalled, there hadn't been a proper proposal. It had been unusual.But I wasn't going to let that out. And how had this Liam guy known about that? Had Levi told him the circumstances surrounding us.

Relief washed over me at the absence of Levi's pair of mistresses.

I wasn't sure I would have been able to bear their presence. Women with such sex appeal; I couldn't bear it. I was jealous. *Oh my God. I never thought I'd see the day that I'd feel jealous over Levi. This was new.*
"So no more contact?" I pressed. I needed certainty.

Liam shook his head, amused. I frowned at his expression. He signaled a waiter. Liam exuded arrogance and enviable confidence. He was as impervious as my husband.

The wine was opened, the waiter filling two glasses.

"As soon as Levi informed me of your presence." He started. after the waiter left, handing me a glass. "I couldn't wait to welcome the couple myself. Your news still buzzes the internet, you know. I'm surprised the press outside didn't eat you alive. When word got out that we were repeating stripper's night in your honor, they flooded the premises." His tone was playful and I liked his smile.

He was really easy to talk to and flirtatious. I lifted my glass and we toasted.

"To new beginnings.” He intoned. I nodded and sipped my drink.

"Wasn't my husband supposed to be present for the toast?" I asked,calmly. I wondered where Levi was. He was to answer a call, moments ago.
I couldn't see him anywhere.

Liam shrugged,smiling slyly.

"So how do you find your experience here so far?" He asked, intrigued. I looked around.

"It's beautiful. I didn't even know what to expect. But I am impressed."


He watched me from a veiled expression. I couldn't really fathom his thoughts. Then his eyes shifted and I followed his gaze as he silently watched a couple of women, seated some distance. He looked lost as he
stared at them.

"Are you alright. Mr Liam1...”

"Please. Just Liam Is fine." He managed to say,tightly. I nodded,confused.Then a man in black two-piece suit, came to whisper in Liam's ear.

"You'd have to excuse me. Some pressing matters have come up." He rose to his feet.

Closing the space between us, he whispered into my ear, his breath fanning me.

"You have a beautiful smile. Never lose it.” I gasped at his words and the intimacy.

As he walked away, I silently wondered if that guy might be K.C.


***


k≠kLeVi.

I sat down and allowed the jolts of electricity settle in the man, before I spoke again.

"I ask again. Who asked you to bring the girls?" My tone was cold.

My gaze hard. I was two seconds away from pulling his tongue out. The man whimpered as his bodly regained blood flow.

We were in a room in the underground floor of Possess. This man was intercepted by Liam's men, about three weeks ago,smuggling a container of 300 girls into Miami from God knows where. I would have been here,weeks back, but I had pressing matters. So we just detained him, until my arrival.
However, another container was intercepted three nights back and this time,Liam lost a number of men in the shootout. So now we needed to interrogate this guy and find out their operations and their boss. Blake already had a team decoding his phone and laptop.

"Has he talked yet?" Liam spoke as he came to stand beside me. I shook my head. The room was cozy. Air conditioned. I didn't even have time to see past this ass hole.

"What are we going to do with the girls? 600 of them, Levi," Liam said.

I was revolted by all this. These people kept trafficking girls, separating them from their families on the pretext of a better life in America. And in the end, some got killed. Used for very sadistic practices. I had witnessed such acts, years ago. And I vowed never to condone such.

I nodded and one of the men pulled the lever and the man screamed in agony.Jolts of electricity travelling through him. His entire body writhing.He was strapped to an electric chair and wires.

We watched silently, the smell of burned flesh filling the air.


When it was over and the man could speak, he panted.

"I..I will tell you everything." He gasped. I waited.

"We work for BB... He is a faceless person. We just get called and we arrange for the girls. We've never met him. Even our contact with him doesn't...Doesn't use his real voice." He whimpered.

His body trembling. I shared a glance with Liam, our brows raised. *BB?*I had heard of the name before. But we had never crossed paths.

"Where can we find him?" Liam asked,killing the tension.
"He finds you... No one finds 'im." The man's eyes were weary from exhaustion and fear.

I knew he was lying. Fury found me at the man's tenacity.

I closed the space. pulling out my flick blade at the same time.

"This is just business my friend."I pulled my knife, slicing the man's throat clean.


Blood gushing out.
###Chapter 78: This Isn't So bad...


***Levi.***

***24th December, 20 years earlier...***

Cold seeped into me, as I walked to the bus stop.


It was 6 pm, my shift over.

I was grateful I didn't have to repeat this for the next few days, uintil Christmas was over. Mr Nate asked all high school students working for him to go on leave for the holidays.

I now worked shifts on the counter at Thrills and Burgers. It was a few minutes from home and they paid good. It was a relief for us. I was really exhausted, not a break since dad's death. But we were surviving. Yeah, I worked. Funny right. But it was true.

After the funeral, things spiraled downhill. We eventually sold my Porsche.Abandoned by our friends. It was funny how people disappeared wvhen you became destitute.

I had Mum's Christmas gift in my back pack and some chicken left overs,heading home. *I hope mum would be able to get a tree. There was no Christmas without a tree.*

I got in the bus, sitting at a window seat. Putting on my ear piece,listening to some music. I absently watched the snow covered streets. All lit with Christmas lights. I suddenly recalled days we had such Christmas decorations. I banished the tears that stung.

My only priority was mum's wellbeing. She had this unrelenting and pesky cough.
Someone tapped my shoulder and I turned sharply to stare at a boy,my age,gazing at me. I took off one ear piece. My brow questioning.
"Mind if I sit?" He indicated the empty seat beside me. I shifted. He wore an expensive looking coat. A designer coat, from the texture. His brown hair. ruffled, and he smelled of cigarettes. He offered me one and I refused.He shrugged.

"I've been watching you, you know." The boy started. I turned quizzically to him.“My name is Black Pea. I like you."

I raised a brow. "I'm not gay,” I said. He chuckled.

"I'm not either." Then he turned quiet, the smoke equally warming me.

"I see you working at that fast food and I fee1 sorry for you. You, my man,deserves better."
I impatiently watched the boy. I didn't need all this kind of pep talk.I was already irritated, sitting in a bus with these fucking low lives. The last thing I needed was being reminded of my nose dive.
A few weeks ago, this kind of street rat that reeked of celebrity wanna bee.wouldn't have stopped me. Wouldn't have even seen a piece of me.

“Err...Look,Black Pea or whatever..."

“Am not here to bore you. I just wanted to tell you that if you're tired of counting peanuts, call me." He handed me a card.

I condescendingly ignored it.

“I don't need your fucking card." I tightly spat. He grinned, darkly.

Then he pressed the emergency stop button over my head, the bus coming
-5-
to a slow halt. Dropping the card in my lap, he said.

"I'd be waiting for your call. This is my stop." Onie last nod, he dropped down. Our gazes locked, as the bus continued on its way.
I was furious as the bus drove on. The thought of the drastic changes in our lives. which had caused us to live in such conditions, infuriated me.I was livid as I recalled the boy and his smug talk. Like he was doing me a fucking favor.

Our lives had become a forgotten story. Our names, erased from everyone's lips.
When things had grown dire, we had begged for help from almost all dad'
s friends. People that had once dined with us. But they had all ignored us.The men, propositioning mum for sex. Although mum never agreed to their terms and she never told me. But I eavesdropped, and I heard her
pleas; asking them not to. I had listened. Memorized all their names.

We had eventually moved to Hell's kitchen. The only place no one would look to find us. Affordable rent and I was now schooling at a public school.No hope for college yet.

Entering the house, I was greeted by the smell of christmas. It was a small room in an apartment building.

We cleaned it up nice. The neighborhood, dangerous at times. Every now and then, someone got shot.

"Hi mum." I greeted, dropping my backpack and the chicken on the table.

I kissed her, as she pulled out a fresh batch of cookies from the old oven.We got it on sale. She excitedly kissed me back. Slipping a cookie into my mouth. I pulled out my paycheck and handed it over.
"I got this for Christmas. And Mr Nate even handed us all bonuses and chicken." I smiled as I came to join her in decorating the small Christmas tree.
"It's small." I teased, my mind instantly recalling the large tree that used to stand in our house.

1 didn't want her to feel bad, so I hastily came to hug her. She swatted me playfully.

"This isn't so bad, honey." She put her hand over my shoulders.“Look,Mr Chen even handed us a box of old Christmas ornaments he no longer uses.”

I turned to her, my heart torn, watching her try to pull up a brave front in the midst of our woes.

This was a woman, whose entire wardrobe, once contained designer clothes and jewelry. Now she barely had a gem to her name. I wanted to cry. This was supposed to be a perfect family. My perfect story. And dad ruined it.

I pulled my gift from my pocket, my eyes taking in all the decorations.Lights, figurines. Slipping my wrapped gift under the Christmas tree,I kissed her.

"Merry Christmas mum." I smiled. I saw adoration in her eyes, as she watched me. A lone tear finding its way. I brushed it off. She had been through a lot of pain.

And I was going to alleviate her suffering.
###Chapter 79: In Love with a Fallen Angel...


***Kenya.***

***Present day,two days later...***

6 pm and we were having dinner on the terrace, at the President's private home in North Bay Rd, Miami Beach.

Another beautiful suburb in Miami Beach. This one, quiet. The president's house was equally near the water and I could smell the sea. It was.wonderful.
We were dressed casually tonight. The air warm. My hair, a half up do,my body draped in an ethnic mini caftan. Levi wore a red T shirt and blue denims. He smiled as the president told us all a joke.

I loved his smile. He was irresistibly handsome when he smiled.

My mind went to two nights ago at the club, when he finally joined me.

He had worn a distant look, even when we danced. But he managed to disguise his countenance with his seductive wiles. Disarming me. Yet I could still feel the tension, in him that night. And when we shared a passionate night, he erased my doubts. His gentleness and attentiveness,comforting.

Now as we sat down to dinner, I still saw absence of that gleam in his eyes.

"Grace, tell her how you intend to extend invitations to her students to perform for every holiday." President William smiled adoringly,holding his wife's hand in his. She turned elatedly to an astonished me.

“With your approval dear, I'd love that very much. There is so much
sadness going on in the world and I wish to promote joy." Grace was rueful.
I agreed with her. The amount of injustice and pain that was going round the world was appalling. There was no longer value for humanity and It was sad that we all failed our duties.
"I'd love that very much Grace. It would be an honor." We had already moved from formality. I turned to Levi and he silently observed me.Tenderness in his gaze. He reached a hand for mine and thumbed my fingers. His silence was words enough. He was proud of me. I found that I wanted to always make him proud.
After our very exquisite Mediterranean dinner, courtesythe Walerus'chef.we all took a stroll along the edge. The water lapped aggressively over the dwarf wall, as Levi and I walked a few steps behind the Walerus'.
Walking hand in hand with Levi, the cool air stirred pleasant thoughts in me. His warm fingers tingled me, as they played with mine. I suddenly wished to know him better. Reach his soul. I was succumbing to the waves that he spun, just like the water.

And I feared that I had already drowned in him. My susceptibility.palpable.

"Did you ever have a girlfriend when you were younger?" I asked impulsively. He spared me an amused look. A smile danced on his lips.I hadn't tried to speak to him about what Liam had shared. And it just stood in between us. It was like I suddenly wanted his passion to begin and end with me,

“Girlfriends." He laughed lightly. I didn't find that funny. I felt disappointed.
I think he sensed my reservation.

"Am sorry. Did that hurt you...It's just that you asked and..."

"It's alright." I managed quietly, sensing his concern.

I stopped,gently pulling my hands from his and gazing over the water.

Grace and the president were still walking, enjoying their stroll. I think my inferiority would always standin my way of enjoying happiness with Levi.Apart from his past. He asked forgiveness that night of our reception. And in my book that was a step towards redemption from an ugly past.

“Liam told me that you had mistresses. Lil freaks, as he called them." My back was to him. Soon, he came up behind me, his warmth fanning behind me. I leaned into his solid form, seeking his support. His strength.I don't know what was wrong with me.

“He shouldn't have told you that.” Levi breathed, kissing the top of my head. I suddenly remembered what he had said about Blake then. But that was a different time.

“I felt jealous. Inadequate. Am not like them, Levi. Why did you marry me?” Tears stung my eyes.

I wished to just turn to puddle and allow pain sear through me.

Like an anchor,Levi didn't let me fall. He slowly turned me around to face him. His eyes, intense. Penetrating as they watched me.

"I wouldn't have it any other way, Baby. You are allI want. All I need."Hoarse, thick with emotion, his voice travelled through me.

I didn't want to believe him. I saw those girls. Their natural endowments,
intimidating. And not to think of the experience they had with pleasuring men. However, the warmth and conviction in his rich voice, eased me.
I looked into his eyes, my heart filled with adoration for this man,who had saved me from the jaws of death in the most unorthodox way. And who had granted me a chance to be a star. Now because of him, I was pushed to my independence. We had even worked round the trojan horse episode. Discussing everything about my businesses with Claudine and the others.He was supportive.
I had never fallen in love with a man before. I had no idea what to expect.They said butterflies fluttered in the belly. You'd see the person everywhere. I think I was seeing Levi everywhere. He finally occupied my every existence. And I was defenseless against him.

Staring into his eyes, my fingers coming to cup his face, I said.

"I think I am falling in love with you, Levi.” I smiled, watching him.

He stilled, his eyes searching mine. A certain brief, unfathomable emotion crossing his face.

Silently, Levi lowered his lips and kissed me, tenderly. Deeply. There was need in the kiss as we moaned.

After a moment, Levi pulled away. There was pain in his eyes, his lips pulled tight.

"How can you fall in love with a fallen angel?”
###Chapter 80: Welcome home,Ruthford...


***Levi,***

***January5th,19 years earlier...***

My sixteenth birthday was two days ago. I happily celebrated it with mum and Albert.

We had a large cake, which mum baked. She was able to manage her late mum's recipe by heart. I guess some things never leave.

Currently I was waiting for the Black Pea guy at the bus stop.

I called him earlier and he asked me to wait here. The guy was testing my fucking patience, especially in this snow. The ice was punishing tonight,as I sat, waiting. My hands were freezing, even inside the leather gloves;birthday gifts from mum.
When Albert camne around, he informed me that his father intended he enrolled for the navy next year, when he turned 17 on January 15th. I was shocked by the news, at the same time happy. Albert would make a great officer. But I couldn't ignore the displeasure he radiated as he broke the news. It was like his will to live had drained from him.

Sadly,he never shared his pain, so I was unable to reach him. My only hope was he'd make good with this opportunity. At least he still had a father to make responsible decisions for him. Mine was gone and left us in penury.

A red convertible pulled up in front of me, and I turned to its blinding light. Someone blared its horn and I sauntered towards it.

"Hey, Waited long?" It was the Black Pea guy. I frowned.
I didn't like this fellow. But at the moment, I needed hím. The dashboard light from the car and a street lamp, showed some light on their faces.There were two of them.

Seeing he waited my response, I said a curt no.

“Jump in. Rowan doesn't like to wait." Black Pea revealed. I inhaled a steady breath. offhandedly jumping into the car.

As we drove. Black Pea introduced his companion as Freddy Scissors.

“You have unusual names." I remarked, snidely. I was sure those weren't their names. Sure the car wasn't theirs. It was an expensive and latest model.

The Black Pea guy talked too much. He gave an annoying chuckle and replied.

"You'll too. With Rowan, there is nothing you can do. You wouldn't want dem po po finding your social security now, would you." He chuckled annoyingly again. I reined in my temper. Choosing to watch the night as Freddy whatever drove.

I used the chance of their private conversation to think.

I wasn't an idiot. I was aware this fuck heads didn't own this car. From their talk, they were thieves, in a gang. Though the scale of their mischief,was indiscernible. Yet I could smell them.

I already succumbed to this path. No one knew about my decision.Because I was far gone. I was resolved to give mum the best at all costs.

I silently recalled my reoccurring nightmare of last night. It started the night we buried dad. At first I had attributed it to the repressed anguish.
But that was weeks ago and yet they lingered. Me in a dumpster,surrounded by rotten flesh. Then my faceless rescuer.
I was exhausted and allowed my eyes close for a minute, as the convertible drove. Anxiously anticipating the intended destination. I had no idea where we were headed nor who these guys were. But I had to be a good son and heir.

In a few minutes, we arrived a popular red light district on Roosevelt Avenue, Queens. I had never been here.

We parked on the streets lined with hookers and I tried to pretend I didn't see them. *God I had gone low.*

I followed the other two inside a dimly lit building. Loud music,deafening my ears. Barely hearing a thing. Dragged all the way upstairs.
Men and women had sex publicly in the bar and pool tables. Apparently I had died and entered hell the day dad fucked us.

Climbing a set of stairs, the air of the place filled with stale cigarettes,alcohol andI sex, we entered a less busy floor of the building. The door was opened for us after a knock.

Inside, we were greeted by soft amber lighting, the man at the door and three women being fucked by a large man. Well, one was being fucked.The other two just had his fingers and mouth in their pussies.
I froze, not knowing whether to turn back the way I came or just look away.

The others didn't seem to mind as Freddy scissors called.

“Rowan! The kid we told you about!"
I turned a sharp infuriated gaze to meetys--around the same age.
"Am not a kid." I spat, bitterly. They turned to me and Freddy closed the distance between us, lunging for me. My neck on choke hold.
"You think you better than the rest of us, huh, pretty boy. Ama make you bleed that pretty face, until you look like us." He sneered, pressing my throat. Tears stinging my eyes.
"Leave him be. Freddy. He's one of you now!" I heard a voice say, stilling us both.

Freddy sneered, before he roughly, shoved me away. I regained my composure and straightened myself. Coughing and gasping. My throat sore.

The man who had been fucking those women earlier, strolled towards me,his body reeking of sex and saliva. I flinched inwardly.

“These gentlemen, your team mates don't know about aristocrats like us.These guys are street urchins that never tasted gold." The man smugly quipped. He extended a handshake to me, and I looked at that hand,which had pleasured those women, earlier. I ignored the hand and he smiled darkly.

"I like you already. These other fuck heads were too quick to lick my arse."The man swept a gaze at the others. "But in you, I see a prince."

I silently watched the man, my breath coming out more even now.


“Am Rowan, Welcome home, Ruthford."
###Chapter 81: I Don't Deserve Her...


***Levi.***

***Present day. A week later...***

"Levi. We've decoded the man's phone. He lied when he informed you that they had no links with the contact and BB."

I listened to Blake. We sat in the office of my private cabin at 8 pm in the evening. as he showed me all the information on his tablet. A cigarette.lazily burned between my fingers as I took all the information in.
I knew that man in Miami had been lying. I had smelled it and that was the reason I had killed him. Because he had been wasting my time.

"The contact is Cyril Portman.”

I froze at the name. Dark Memories flooding in.

*A man that was notorious for his sinister activities against women in the underworld*.

I contemplated Blake's revelation. My heart racing as actions tied with that name flooded back.

Cyril Portman, AKA, Rhino, was known for his disgusting trade. I had secretly abhorred him, wanted to kill him myself, years ago. But the feds had caught him.

A once convicted criminal in the States for assault, aiding and abetting in murder. He was wanted in many countries for mualtiple assaults and felonies. Now, his actions had invaded my tuff.
"Where's his residence, lets pay him a visit." My blood boiled.

No one had seen the man in America for years. I was surprised he was making deals here.
"He doesn't reside here, Levi. Has lived in Bali for years since his release from jail. Owns a large villa there," Blake said.
Blake's eyes equally held disgust. We were both familiar with the man.

He showed me the man's details. ID, address splayed on the screen. There was information about the next shipment, which the owner of the phone had been expected to make. Apparently, no one knew he was dead yet.

“Lure him in." I needed Portman gone.

We had met once. Notorious. Dark, sinister.

As a pimp back in the day. the man had been famous for condoning brutality towards his whores. His girls went mysteriously missing,killed or maimed.

Tina was one of his girls I had under my protection. No attachments.I had secretly tried to save her from her life as a prostitute. Somehow, word reached Cyril and the girl had disappeared.

When I found out, I had gone after Cyril, my intent to take him out forever, before he harmed another girl, ending another life. But Rowan had stopped me. I had been 19 at the time and hot blooded.

Now I had another chance.

"I want thatfucker gone,Blake,"

"Yes, Levi." Blake put away his tablet, his expression guarded.
“Would you be involved in this, or..."

"I always wanted to get back at that monster for what he had done with Tina. There hadn't been any solid evidence, as Rowan had insinuated, but I had felt it. He had gotten rid of her for his sick amusement."

My fury palpable as my eyes saw Tina's mangled body. She had been brutally raped. Her body butchered and burnedI with acid to erase all evidence.I had wept.


Because she had been like me. Once a rich kid, unfortunate to find herself in the darkness.


Blake had equally held me down that night, while they carried her corpse.She had been dumped on our tuff in Queens.

“Don't forget you have your wife to look after now. This action might have consequences. Let's report these guys to the feds." Blake suggested,his tone wary.

I rose to my feet, collecting a file.

"They need evidence. And right now, we don't have that. So how about we handle this our way." I smiled darkly.


Blake shook his head, resignedly.

“Am worried Levi. We both know how things ended for Tina,because you stuck your nose in Cyril's business, years ago. Don't let anything happen to Kenya. She is the best thing that has happened to you in years."

I heard Blake's warning. I really did. It kinda pierced through. But I ignored it. Retribution called.
“You saw Tina's body that night. Blake. The bodies of women that Cyril has destroyed. I saw pictures of those girls, packed as sardines in those containers. People like Cyril don't deserve to live." I shot him a look.

He saw something in my eyes and knew my decision was moot.

"Kenya would be fine. I'd increase security for her." I concluded.

Blake exhaled and nodded his head. Without any further argument, he exited.

I turned to pick my phone. Kenya's picture filled my screen as I highlighted it. A picture of her on our wedding. I had it since after the wedding. She had no idea I did.

Actually she never asked about my phone and I was grateful for that.Cause it would be awkward her seeing it. I didn't want her to conclude things that weren't there.

I sent her a text.

***Me: Hey baby. What you doing?***

I didn't have feelings the way she confessed she did for me. I desired her.
I cared about her. *But love.* Love failed me once and it had

damaged me. Love for my father, mum,Belle.

When you loved, you were vulnerable to destruction. And at this moment in my life, I had acquired too much to be destroyed. I needed my life to remain in control. And allowing myself fall was going to do that. Reduce me to ashes. It was going to make me vulnerable.

Her words that night at William's home in Miami, had rattled me.
Shocked me shitless. I had kissed her as my best response. My virgin wife turned naughty, who thought she was in love because of her body's reactions to me.

I was a fallen angel. My words that night had disappointed her. But they were true. I needed to save her from me.

A message entered my phone.

***Kenya: Dripping for you. Come home to me. Meet me in the cave.***


*I don't deserve her*.

Lust stirred again.
###Chapter 82: I Want to Dance for You...

Kenya.
10 pm.
I waited in the "Cave"—the private, soundproofed studio in the Ruthford mansion. My pulse was racing, a mix of adrenaline and raw anticipation. Since returning to Manhattan a week ago, I had been preparing for this night.
Since hearing whispers of Levi’s past and the women who had once occupied his world, a strange, competitive fire had ignited in me. I wanted to show him that I wasn't just his wife by contract, but the woman who could hold his entire focus. My body was sore from hours of practice, yet I felt more alive than ever.
I still felt the sting of vulnerability from my confession to him nights ago. Admitting I was falling for him felt like handing him a weapon, but it was the truth. He had been remarkably supportive lately, standing by me as I worked to reopen J'aime. He even provided an assistant, Sara, to help manage the back-breaking work of recruitment and vendor coordination.
I heard the door to the studio open. My heart picked up speed, the sound of his familiar footsteps echoing against the polished floor.
In a few seconds, Levi stood a distance away. He looked fascinated, his head tilted in surprise as he took in the sight of me. I was wearing a crimson lace ensemble that felt like a second skin, designed to highlight every line and curve of a dancer's physique. My hair was pulled back into a tight, elegant bun, exposing the vulnerable line of my neck.
"What is this?" he asked, his voice low and rich.
He had discarded his jacket and tie; his white shirt was unbuttoned at the collar, sleeves rolled up to reveal his strong forearms. He looked roguish, a stark contrast to the polished Senatorial candidate the world saw.
I swallowed hard, my hands trembling as I gripped the chrome pole in the center of the stage. "I want to dance for you," I breathed.
“Kenya, you don't have to prove anything to me," he said, exhaling a shaky breath as he closed the distance. "I value you for exactly who you are."
"Let me do this, Levi. Let me show you what you mean to me."
He assessed me silently, his lazy, dark gaze finally giving way to a slow nod. He walked over to the sound system and started the music—a slow, rhythmic melody that pulsed through the room. He dragged a chair to the edge of the stage, his eyes fixed on me with an intensity that made my skin hum.
I began. It was slow and steady at first. I used the pole as my axis, leaping and twirling with the fluid grace I had spent years perfecting. I snaked around the support, stretching my limbs, feeling his gaze like a physical touch.
He rose from his seat, moving toward the stage. His breath fanned across my skin, smelling faintly of expensive brandy.
“Kenya...” he breathed, leaning in until his lips were inches from my neck.
He pulled away for a moment and reached into a velvet-lined drawer near the stage. When he returned, he held a length of soft, black silk ribbon. I stilled, my heart hammering against my ribs.
"Is this what you want?" he asked, his tone darkening. There was a hunger in his eyes I hadn't seen before—a raw, frightening power. "To see the side of me that I keep hidden from the world?"
He stepped onto the stage, the music still throbbing in the background. With a gentle but firm motion, he guided my hands toward the bar above my head, loosely looping the silk ribbon around my wrists. It wasn't a restraint, but a tether—a symbol of the control I was choosing to give him.
"You're different from any woman I've ever known," he whispered, pressing closer until I could feel the heat radiating from his body. "I didn't respect the past. They were distractions. But you... you are my equal. And tonight, I want to see every side of you."
He reached out, his fingers tracing the edge of my bodice with a lingering touch. The tension in the room was palpable, a volatile mix of fear and desire. He ground his steps closer, his presence overwhelming.
"Levi... you're making my heart stop," I whispered, my voice caught between a gasp and a plea.
I was petrified, yet ignited. The danger of the moment, the sheer intensity of his focus on me, sent a wave of heat through my soul.
"Are you scared?" he asked, his voice thick with a want that seemed to consume him.
I nodded slowly, unable to look away from his emerald-green eyes.
“Good,” he murmured, his gaze dropping to my lips. “Because I am terrified of how much I need you.”
###Chapter 83: Scorched...

***Kenya.***

I heard when he pulled down his zipper. I felt when he bent me over,my hand at an odd angle. The pain. And when he pushed my folds apart.I felt the invasion of his large cock. I grew wwet in anticipation. My sheath already succumbing to the feel of him, even before he invaded me.

Without warning, without any preamble, Levi pushed himself into me.The force, the feel of him, I cried out in pain. My hips rocked to him. And he pulled out instantly.

I whimpered.

The abruptness of his exit, shocking me. This was confusing. This was different. I was breathless. I ached from the roughness. At the same time,I relished it.

He walked down the stage. I couldn't see him but I heard him opening a drawer and ripping packets or something. Then he returned as quick as he had gone and he busied himself. My cum already rolled down my thighs. I was wet.

A bejeweled mask, its eyes sewn shut, was strapped over my face. I couldn't see a thing. I could only hear. I could only trust that he wouldn't hurt me,even though I was scared shitless.

The sound of the music, RnB, distracting. Then I felt a belt, with a hard,mildly heavy object, strapped around my waist. Sounds of metal against metal, came next. Tiny, chinking, sounds, but I heard them. My throat instantly dried. I wet my lips.
My breaths came out rapid, as I followed his every sound. I was fucking aroused at this time, from anxiety, lust. The danger.
"I am going to fuck you, Kenya, until the mention of my name, would make you as dripping as you said in your text."

The promise, the sound of his voice. And then Levi pushed inside me.roughly. At the same time. I heard a low buzzing sound around my waist.Jolting me. A genatle pressure in between my thighs, a vibration. And I think I died.

Something was nudging me in my clit. Gentle, slow, agonizing strokes.Circles. Circles. My clit was on fire; my pussy was impaled by Levi. As if that wasn't

enough, I felt my nipples, being painfuly tweaked. Pressed senseless.Their skin sore. It was like the feel of a knuckle ring or something. I had no idea. I was burning.Scorched.

Levi began moving.Or was it the gentle nudge in my clit that continued to move. Enthralling me. My clit, my pussy. He was thrusting now. I was being thrusted at every angle. My legs were weak,my hands ached. My body was ignited with ecstasy that I never knew existed, amidst all the pain. I was invaded whole and there was no regret.

If this was his form of disrespect, I already liked it. Pain surged through me as my first wave of an orgasm wracked me.

"Levi...Please..."I whimpered.

He didn't seem to hear me. His grunts, his growls, drowned my cry of release. I didn't even know how I could still breathe. He didn't stop. He didn't let go. The
buzzing in my clit didn't relent. My entire cum dripped down my fish stockings. I was soaked. My arms ached.

*I think I passed out. Died. I wasn't sure.*

*Could a person die from ecstasy?*


***

***LeV1.***

I loosened her from her position. Pulled out from her and cradled her in my arms. She whimpered. Moaned again.

All my tenderness was replaced by a primal urge. I was that raw Levi again. The one that pursued his pleasures. The one that enjoyed the darkness. And right now, I was enjoying the darkness with my little,willing wife.

She trusted me. Didn't question me. She just let me lead her to wherever I wanted. I was alien to myself as I carried her.

"Where are you taking me?" She weakly asked.

I could feel her strength slipping. I could feel more desire coursing through me,as I carried her.

"To be fucked again. Until I have tasted you whole, you aren't leaving this room.”

When Kenya had sent that text earlier tonight, I had doubted my eye sight.I had doubted my reading skills.

She made me doubt myself. She needed to be punished. A naughty girl.My naughty wife.
Even when I sped home to her. I hadn't still known what to expect.Because the last I checked, she was still new to all this. I had no idea that had been the reason she had asked us to go to the Ruthford mansion immediately we landed New York. I wondered what to expect as I returned to the mansion.

And in a million years, I would never haveexpected this from her tonight.

Bewildered at the sight of my beautiful wvife, my cock had instantly jumped to life. It had ached with the thought of taking her. But I had steadied myself. Waiting for her green light. And when it had finally arrived, I had welcomed it. Obeyed her subtle command, without argument.

All dressed like a vampire queen, I couldn't keep my hands off her. It was like my own little mistress in my wife. A two in one package.

She was weak. The sound of the vibrator, rolling her clit. Her ecstasy,relentless as she squirmed in my arms. She didn't even understand the amount of pleasure that she exuded at the moment.

I knew that her fantasy was piqued the night she asked me about Lola and Jewel. But I had dismissed it and attributed it to a little wife's jealousy.
Now I wanted to fulfil both our darkest fantasies.

Setting her down on shaky legs, I steadied her. I proceeded to set up my workshop. Pulling a bar across the pool table. Then I assisted her unto the table and bent her on all fours on top it. I still heard the buzzing sound of the vibrator, thrilling me. My cock was rock hard, but I was extremely patient.
###Chapter 84: Defeated...

***Levi.***

Shackling her to the bar. I loomed over her and positioned myself at her entrance.

I slipped on my pleasure tweezers and began to press Kenya's nipples again, pushing myself to the hilt inside her. Taking her from behind. God she was tight! I had never done this with her before and I must say, the pleasure shot through me, like tiny jolts of electricity.

I thrusted in and out, the angle of her hips spread for me, my undoing. I grunted as I continued to thrust inside her. My body fired up. My cock persistent. She cried, her legs threatening to buckle. But I didn't let her. I gripped her waist tight. Plunging into her. The ferocity in my,motivated by my need to consume her whole. To possess her, untiI nothing left in her but my breath. My entire essence.

Pressing and pulling myself into her, until her pussy clenched and expanded for me.

Her warm, wet sheath, opened for me. I pulled out, the sound of my cock slipping out, giving a pop. And I leaned my tongue into her, drinking her cum. She continued to leak, delectable nectar. Her clit being massaged by the little vibrator. Stimulating her to release more cum for me. Her pussy pliant. Receiving my tongue without any inhibition.

I wasn't sure she could take more. I felt her core quicken in my tongue,which briefly replaced the vibrator, as I sucked her.

"Levi...Please...Please..." She cried. Her moans,sing songs to my ears.
My cock wanted more of her, so I returned to position. And in no time,she was rocking to the rhythm of my cock inside her again.

Faster and faster, I moved. Slow and in circles. Any pace I set and she rocked her hips to me. She was speaking French now. Her incoherent words, amusing to me. But I didn't stop. My ministratons continued.

And it seemed she innocuously tilted her hips at an angle that pushed me to her sugar spot.I increased the pressure of the vibrator, making it more intense.

Taking down her shackles. I flipped her to her back. Pushing my cock inside her, as she had her legs, raised on the table. I pressed the vibrator some more and she frantically shifted her head in ecstasy. Her body squirmed beneath as I sucked her nipples and simultaneously thrusted into her, in relentless strokes.

My own release neared. My pleasure reaching its peak, as I felt another wave of her climax.

"Kenya, look at me..." I said her name like a plea. Like a desperate soul,nearing its end. Wishing for the redemption from eternal condemnation.

My eyes held hers and what I saw broke me. A gripping pressure,constricted my chest. Twisted me from inside. An implosion that I found destroying all the barricades I had secured around my being for years.

This wasn't Lola or Jewel. This wasn't any of the other women. This was the only woman that had ever made me feel this wanted. This desired.Genuine lust,passion coursed through me, whenever we had sex. The look in her eyes, as our bodies merged, was pure adoration. One I always yearned for.
I'd die for her. Give up my life for her.

And I stilled as realization set in. But my dark thoughts instantly replaced the feeling, as my cum flooded her. My basal needs filled me. Engulfed me,until I was nothing but a slave to the waves of the hunger that rocked the both of us.

Her delicious cum coated me. My guttural cry, buried in her lips as I drank her in a searing kiss. Trying to dispel the unease that had crawled into me, moments ago.

Kenya shook beneath me, as wave after wave of her own release rippled through her. Our breaths, heavy. Mingling as one. Her eyes still blindfolded. Yet, she trusted me completely. Even though she knew my true nature.

I mused. as I breathlessly, watched her. Amazes by her level of confidence in me. Me, a tormented soul.

A few seconds later, we were in bed.

I had carried her all the way upstairs. Her exhauastion had been deep,when I had finally set her free. Barely able to stand on her own legs.

We had even soaked in the enormous tub, before we climbed into bed. No sex accompanied the bath. Just me, innocently washing our bodies, so that she could have a peaceful sleep.

Lying in bed, her body nestled inside me,I watched her. She evenly breathed as she slept. Her soft breath fanning my bare chest.

My mind travelled back to when she had confessed her love for me. And I wondered what had rung in her head that night. Because an alien voice suddenly rang in mine. A voice I was struggling to banish. It was sinking
it's vicious teeth into me. Pulling me into a worm hole that I was afraid to faIl into. Because I was aware of one thing.

If I fell. I was never coming back up. I would sink forever. Drown in Kenya.

There was no world after her for me. No world before her. There was just Kenya. There was always just Kenya.

She was that little dancer I had envisioned twenty years ago at the museum. The little dancer I had wished upon.

Twenty years ago at the museum, I had dreamed her. And today she was here, in my arms. My little mnistress. My little wife. The woman I think that was bold enough to accommodate all that I was. All that I had ever been.

I had waited a life time for this woman. My entire existence had been an emptiness. An incomplete life, void of a pulsating rhythm. Now that I had found her,why the hesitance on my part? It was time for me to allow her lead. It was time for me to discard my fears and follow her rhythm.

I was defeated.
###Chapter 85: Bang!...

***Levi.***

***July 7th, 19 years earlier...***

"Levi. You have proven yourself a formidable member of the group."


I steadied my eyes on Rowan in his office.

Pride should have soared in me at his compliment and confidence, rather there was hate. A mean, despicable man, who exploited desperate kids for his dirty work. Raising an army of misfits. I hated him.

Sadly,I was now one.

Feigning a smile, I nodded.

Since January, I had worked tirelessly, furtively. Proving myself to Rowan.Showing I belonged with them, because I had nó alternative.

I had successfully finished my first assignment, under seven months. *The initiation mission*, they called it. A task I was told, other kids weren't able to complete that soon.

Bringing in valuable loots had been the task. And with my background, I had been able tosuccessfully lead a team of the gang to ransack wealthy families. Surrendering the spoils to Rowan's feet.

Tonight I was to be given my second task. Like a graduation ceremony.I snorted inwardly. I could take them all.

"If you succeed in this, you would become a fledged member of the family.
You'd choose your name. The tattoo you want. Additionally, you'd get a
gift from me. Anything you want." Rowan revealed.

I cocked my head, weighing his words.

A warning alarm suddenly rang in my head.

*What was the task?*

I nodded my head,when I saw his raised brow.

Soon he took me downstairs, where he had called an assembly of the other members. About 50 youths of varying ages surrounded Rowan. For weeks I had been futilely trying to discern his heritage and age from his appearance. He looked around his thirties and none of the others knew a
thing about him.

"Tonight, Levi here would do his second task!” Rowan swept a hard gaze around. His voice commanding as he spoke. I stood beside him, my insides quaking. Ignoring that warning bell still ringing in my head.

“He has been able to do his initiation task, efficiently and now, we proceed to the next task. Freddy Scissors!" Rowan focused his gaze on Freddy.“Step forward."

Freddy raised a puzzled look at Rowan, before he guardedly stepped forward. Standing at Rowan's other side,he cut me a look.

"In this family, I do not promote betrayal and division. I have taken you all as my children. And that is what I expect from every one of you."Rowan shifted a steady look to Freddy, whose face suddenly paled. I silently watched, wondering what this had to do with me.

“By my side is Freddy, who recently came to me, asking I got rid of Levi."
Gasps went round the room, while I looked at Rowan in shock.

“In his own words. 'Ask me to and I will get rid of him forever from the gang. He feels too special to be among us.' Weren't those your exact words,Freddy?"Rowan fully turned to Freddy.

I stared in horror. The enormity of Freddy's words sinking in. *He wanted me dead*.

From my position. I saw Freddy's ashen face, etched with alarm. I was too bewildered to even speak.

*What had I done to the guy to make him want me dead?*

Apart from the day we had had that altercation, I had taken care not to ever cross paths with him again. *Had that made me arrogant?*

I listened to him trying to defend himself, anger suddenly simmering in me.

“Rowan...I came to you in good faith. This guy isn't good for us." Freddy claimed.

I stood there watching Freddy ramble on, like he was bargaining some groceries, while Rowan silently listened.

“Levi.” Rowan called coldly. I hesitated, already quaking inside.


“Yeah.”I drew closer.

From inside his back pocket, Rowan pulled out a black glock. Extending the magazine to me, drawing my horrified gaze. I hesitated, my eyes staring down at the gun briefly, before raising them back to him.

“Take this gun and shoot Freddy," It was a cold blooded order. One
devoid of human compassion.

“Rowan, what the fuck?" Black Pea came forward, standing in front of Rowan. "What are you doing? There's no need for that." Black Pea protested. He shifted an alarmed gaze from me to Rowan.

"What have I said about back stabbing in the gang?" Rowan directed at Black Pea. The question seemed to have taken him by surprise,as he silently locked gazes with Rowan. The intensity that stemmed between them, threw the entire room into a deafening silence.

It looked like forever, but Black pea, defeated, finally shifted a wary gaze to me.

"A life for a life. We're all expendable to him. Tonight it's Freddy's life for yours. Someday, he'd ask for your head. Enjoy it while you still gat it."

The words were bitter, ominous. Sending chills down my spine.

Taking one last look at Freddy, Black Pea returned to his spot amongst the others. Watching from expressionless eyes.

“Take the gun, Levi." Rowan pressed. My fingers shook,my eyes shifting to Freddy again. “Or I'd shoot him." Rowan instantly pointed the gun in the direction of Blake Dickson, AKA Mini Dick. The smallest boy in our midst, who had accompanied me in my initiation tasks.

Blake's tiny face paled, frightened, I was frightened too. The others silently watched.Scared.

I shot Rowan a panicked look and he cocked the gun.

"No...No. I'd do it." I hastily took the gun from him and came to stand before Freddy. My hands shook, as I held the gun to his face. Emotions
coursed through me all at once.

Panic for little Blake's life. Fear. Finally anger at Freddy's intent to kill me won. The fact that I would have been the one at the other end of the gun,fueled my rage. Pain. Without further hesitation, I looked Freddy in the eyes, my face blank. And I fired his heart, like he would have fired mine.

Bang!

*Branded for life.*
###Chapter 86: You Are His Priority...

***Kenya.***

***Present day,five days later...***

It was Thursday afternoon, August the 8th and I was checking out the designers as they applied the décor to the school's walls. Before the end of the week, the furnishings were to be put in place.

Things were looking good with the appearance, I was looking forward to.pink, white and blue colors. Currently a wall paper of white, cobalt blue and gold filigrees, was applied on the wall of one of the dance halls.

"Try making it smooth. We wouldn't want the walls bumpy.” I suggested,my eyes admiring the work. I was in casual blue denim slacks and white shirt sleeves. My hair was braided and I had some paint on my slacks.

My phone rang in my pocket and I absently picked it.


“Hello.”

"Hi. Is this Mrs Ruthford?" I heard a man say.

"Yes. Who is this?" I asked, walking to check Andrea in one of the free halls, as she approved the dresses for the students.

A designer had the dresses accurately made for the students, who had all tested the dresses for any mistakes, three days earlier. Pink tulles for girls and blue slacks for boys.

"This is Nero; Director of Photography with Ritzy Leigh Fashion and Lifestyle Magazine. We would like to proposition you to be the face of our winter edition for the magazine." The man revealed. I held my breath in
shock as I listened.
"'If you agree, you'd be paid handsomely and also receive a contract to be an ambassador for the magazine for the next 5 years. Featuring in every winter edition of the magazines. Your style and tips about life,will be seen by most women and men of the world." The man concluded.

I tried to talk but I was too surprised.

“Hello?”

"Yes. I am a bit shocked." I finally summoned a reply.


My mind trying to assimilate all he had said.

"Err...Can I think about it. Perhaps a couple of days. I'd like to check in with my legal team,” I said. excitement surging through me.

“Alright, MIrs Ruthford. Please, we will be expecting your response.”The man concluded, ending the call on a warm note.

"Who was that?” Andrea asked, raising her eyes from the clothes that she and two other helpers had been sorting through.

I stared at Andrea, still bewildered. I had heard of Ritzy Leigh Magazine.A renowned magazine with tentacles spread all over the world.

“I was just asked to be the face of Ritzy Leigh." I informed Andrea.I waited for her expected reaction. She and the other two ladies stilled.Instinctively, Andrea jumped with glee, hastily closing the distance between us.

Hugging me,she said.

"This is so wonderful! Congrats babes. I'm so happy for you." Her
enthusiasm was contagious and I found myself smiling. The other women spared me furtive glances, their eyes holding admiration.
Stealing Andrea away for a moment, we walked into what is to be her office. It was already taking shape. A couple of chairs and a desk were packed at a corner, soon to be assembled.

“I don't know Andy. What am I going to do? I've never been a face of anything." My eyes fell to Andrea's hand which held a beautiful, tiny ruby ring on her engagement finger.

She finally agreed to Mike's marriage proposal, while we were in Miami.They were planning their wedding after the reopening of the school.I never wanted all this attention.

I had already turned down a few endorsements, which I had seen too demanding. And I was currently displayed on Times Square, as the face of a perfume. I only wanted a quiet life, where I'd have my little career and a family.

Now I had wealth that seemed to be a distraction.

“I just want to be with Levi. I'm not asking for much,” I ruefully said. We were going to watch a movie later this evening. I bought us tickets,because I wished us to spend a normal outing together, without all the attention that accompanied his social status.

“How does that affect your acceptance of this offer?" Andrea asked,incredulously.

"I don't know. I would be too busy with the endorsements to see him.I haven't even had any chance to visit Alan's studio in Hollywood, because I am giving more time to our marriage these days."I revealed.
Alan had been calling me to come down, so that we finalize the contract for my role in the movie. But I was reluctant. My entire world suddenly lived and breathed Levi.

“Babes. Levi is a focused man. I have seen it in his drive. Look how he got Sara to take over the entire project with the reopening of the school.He wouldn't want his wife to be less. I admire him for that. All over the media, he has announced your reopening in a few weeks. He is proud of you. Don't let him down.” Andrea encouraged.

I stared at her, inwardly wondering when Levi and I had gone from enemies to devoted spouses.

“You think he's proud of me?” I pressed, holding Andrea's gaze. She smiled as she nodded her head. Then in order to relieve the emotion that weighed in my heart, Andrea held me in a comforting hug.

“Don't undermine your husband, Kenya. You are his priority.” Andrea added, her warmth travelling through me and conveying a message, which my heart was being too blind to see.

Because I had been waiting for Levi's actions and words to reveal the depth of his feelings for me, I had invested all my energy anticipating his words.

However, in the absence of either of those, I found myself comfortable with a third opinion, especially one from my friend.

“Have I come in at a bad time. I can just go back to work." Rory's voice broke into our moment, pulling us apart. We chuckled nervously, our eyes falling on Rory.
###Chapter 87: He Sees Only You...

***Kenya***.
"Well, if it isn't the latest P.A. How is work treating you, working for New York's most handsome CEO)?”Andrea teased, coming to swat Rory playfully in the arm.

He feigned hurt, chuckling.

"Hey Ken." Rory smiled, coming to kiss me on the check. I admired his.new look. He cleaned up nice, in a navy blue, three-piece suit and a silver tie.

"Wow, you look handsome Rory. Am sure the ladies in Levi's office will be drooling." I playfully quipped. Rory smiled bashully,pulling one of the seats.

"No Ken. My boss has me so distracted I barely have time for a break. He sent me here to give you this.” He pulled out a sealed envelope from his jacket, handing it to me. “That's the reason I am out here in the first place.



I took the cream colored envelope, with Levi's fleur-de-lis crest on it.

"Come on Rory, let's allow her privacy with her darling husband's mail."Andrea's tease broke my concentration as I tore open the envelope. Rory laughed,as he followed Andrea.

“Is Mike around?"

I heard Rory ask, as they left me alone in Andrea's office.

I unfolded the letter. Inhaling his scent.
“***Baby,***
***Sorry that I had to send this. Something came up and I have to fly out on a business trip. I'd be gone for a few hours. Would return as soon as I can. Rory would accompany you this evening to the movies.***

***See you when I return. Take care of yourself.***


***Levi.****

I stared hopelessly at the letter. Disappointed. It was like he was deliberately frustrating my efforts to get closer to him since that night he aggressively took me. That night I danced for him. *Was I wasting my time? Was he never going to love me?*

True, there had been a dark side to him, when he took me that night. An unrecognizable side that had frightened me. All his tenderness had evaporated. Replaced by a menacing Levi.

Instead of detesting and escaping him, my entire body had accepted him completely. My defenselessness against him was becoming a mild preoccupation.

My desire replaced by love.

*I was in love with my husband.*

***

“Wow. That movie was great. I always wanted to watch it on cinema, but since I started my new job, haven't had the time. Ken, you okay?" Rory nudged my elbow, jolting me. I stared blankly.

"Where's your mind. Don't tell me I wasn't good company. Your husband
would flay me, if you complain," Rory teased.


I laughed.

We emerged the theater, entering the cool night air. I wanted to take a stroll around, but I was aware that Ryan would obstinately oppose. His new task was to ensure my safety at all cost.

Shifting a gaze to Rory, I said.

"Can we just go eat somewhere tonight."

It was 7pm, the streets alive. Luring me. Except for that note I had from Levi, there had been no other communication with him in six hours. His phone lines were out; even Blake's. I was worried.

Rory regarded me oddly,before he nodded.

We got in the car and the driver took us to a Mexican restaurant. I loved eating here with my friends, before I married. I was happy that Rory thought of it. We had both changed into casuals for the evening, so we didn't look bad.

We were enhusiastically greeted by Javier, the owner. In no time, he got us a free table, our dishes on the way. I felt like having something spicy.So I chose the spicy and crispy chicken tamales, laced with jalapenos.

“Oh Kenya. I can't help but congratulate you on your recent nuptials."Javier beamed, as the waiter arrived with our orders. I smiled, feeling awful about my initial reaction to the wedding thing. Now I wished things could have been different.

“It's fine, Javier." I picked up a tamale.
“I had thought you and Rory would eventually become an item. Who would have suspected you had that handsome politician in your grasp?"Javier teased, his words stunning me.

I was confused. Shifting an embarrassed gaze to Rory, who held mine,before he nervously averted his. I grew puzzled. Rory and I had only been friends. nothing more. But the look in Rory's eyes silenced me from correcting Javier.

After Javier left. I looked up at Rory, who ate his tacos in silence.

"I wonder why Javier thought that. We're just friends." I wanted to ease the tensed atmosphere.

Rory's gaze was soft. "It's funny how clueless you can get,Ken.”He smiled. I frowned, confused.

"What do you mean?" I asked. I didn't understand his expression, but I saw his hesitation.

“I have been in love with you since you first joined Byron's dance company. How couldn't you see it?” Rory ruefully declared.

I stared. speechless. My mind struggling to assimilate his words, which felt alien.

“No, it's not possible. How could that be? You only saw me as a friend."I argued, my fists clenched tight beneath the table.

I couldn't believe his words, because the only look I had ever seen from him had been casual. Loyalty.

“Were you thinking I hung out with you all, because I enjoyed being in the midst of a beautiful girl like you, no feelings attached?”
He dangled those words. I shook my head, trying to make rational of his words.

"But if you did. I would have known. I would have guessed it." I tried to protest. But Rory shook his head in amusement.

“You were too caught up with self-condemnation that you couldn't even see true love if it hit you like lightening. Just like you can't see Levi's feelings for you." Rory accused.

"What do you mean?" I asked, angry. Bewildered. Rory guardedly watched me. Inhaling a steady breath, he spoke.

"I eavesdropped on you and Andy's conversation earlier."


I stared.astonished.

“Levi doesn't just see you as his priority. He sees only you."
###Chapter 88: The Underworld...

Levi.
The air inside the underground tunnel in Tampa was thick with the scent of damp earth and cold steel. We waited in the shadows, every muscle tensed for Liam’s signal.
In the absolute darkness, only our night vision goggles provided a grainy, green-hued perspective of the concrete corridor ahead. At moments like this, discretion was the only thing standing between a successful operation and total disaster.
My team and I were linked via encrypted communicators to Liam and his tactical unit. Cyril had chosen this secluded site for the exchange, confident that he was dealing with a high-profile Florida syndicate.
"How many units are we talking about? I need them processed and ready for distribution tonight," Liam said, his voice smooth and perfectly in character as the ambitious buyer.
“Since this is our first major collaboration, I’ve brought four hundred units—a premium shipment for a superior deal. Consider the extra hundred a token of my goodwill,” Cyril’s voice crackled over the communicator.
I felt a surge of cold fury. Cyril was talking about lives—people trapped in his web of exploitation—as if they were nothing more than inventory. I wanted to move then and there, but we had to stick to the plan. My men had him surrounded, but the fool was too arrogant to realize it.
"Where is the cargo?" Liam asked.
“Loaded in those two armored trailers outside. My establishment is efficient, Liam. If this goes well, I can provide these 'assets' for you on a monthly basis.”
“Alright. Let my men verify the shipment,” Liam replied, ending his sentence with a sharp cough. That was the signal.
I shared a look with Blake, who was crouched beside me. Our tactical gear masked our identities, blending us into the gloom.
"Now," I whispered into the mic.
Instantly, our teams filed out, weapons leveled at Cyril and his associates. Cyril’s men reached for their own sidearms, but they were already outmatched. I rose to my feet, sauntering into the dim light of the car’s headlamps. Cyril looked around, horror etched into his aging features. When our gazes finally locked, his expression shifted from panic to a terrifying recognition.
He had changed in the years since we last crossed paths. His frame had grown heavier, his hair thinning, but the malice in his eyes remained identical.
"Who are you?" he asked, his voice shaking.
“Don't you recognize me, Rhino?” I inched closer, the light catching my face.
Cyril went pale. Even in the shadows, the sight of me seemed to strike him like a physical blow. "L-Levi?"
I nodded slowly, my gaze measured. He looked toward Liam, his confusion turning to bitter realization. "What is the meaning of this? This was a business arrangement."
"The 'business' of exploiting the vulnerable is over, Cyril," Liam intoned, stepping forward to join me.
“You can't hold anything against me,” Cyril stammered, his confidence fraying. “My operations are legally shielded. My records are clean.”
I pulled a small stack of photographs from my tactical vest and tossed them onto the hood of a nearby car. Cyril hesitated, then lowered his eyes to the images. They weren't just photos; they were files on the individuals who had disappeared under his watch over the last decade—those who had tried to speak out and were silenced.
"These are the ghosts you've tried to bury, Cyril. People who vanished without a trace. With one phone call, an international investigation will be opened, and every secret you've hidden will come to light."
Cyril stared at the photos, his jaw tightening as he weighed his options. "There is no direct evidence linking me to their disappearances," he snarled, raising his head defiantly.
"I don't need a courtroom to deal with you, Cyril. I just need one crack in your armor to start the collapse of your entire syndicate," I declared coldly.
A menacing laughter suddenly erupted from him, reverberating through the tunnel. It was a chilling sound that made the air feel even colder. He took a moment to compose himself, a single tear of derision pooling in his eyes.
"This is about that girl years ago, isn't it? You're still haunted by Tina's fate." Cyril laughed, the sound sharp and jagged.
He turned his back to me for a moment, his voice dropping to a sinister whisper. “In our world, there are no protectors, Levi. Tina believed she had one. She used to tell me her 'guardian' was coming for her.” He turned back slowly, a dark grin fixed on his face. “I suppose that was you, wasn't it? The guardian who was always one step too late.”
A wave of cold dread climbed my spine as the memories of that night flooded back. I had shown up at the address she had sent me, but the building had been empty.
“You never found her because you had the wrong location,” Cyril revealed, his eyes dancing with malice. “I intercepted her messages. I saw your promises to save her. So, I sent you to a ghost address while I settled the score.”
My jaw twitched, the pain of that failure tearing at me from the inside. But I kept my voice steady, my tone as sharp as a blade.
"You have exactly one chance to choose how this ends, Cyril."
###Chapter 89: I Miss You...

***Levi.***

I guess even my voice sounded alien to me, but I didn't care. I lost all sense of rationality, the moment Cyril confessed.

Tina had died an awful death. She didn't deserve to die the way she had and all because of this bastard.

"And what's that?" Cyril sneered.

“Give up the real name of your employer and your entire clientele. Turn yourself in." I had a blank look. I was calm.

"Or what?” Cyril inched closer, snarling.

“Or face death, the same way you had killed those girls." I warned.

He stared at me.gauging me. His armor cracked, but he masked it with something.

“You don't scare me, Levi, the way you scared the others. I'd be caught dead, before I turn myself in."

Unsuspectingly,Cyril deftly lowered himself.

And before any of us could cach up to his game, he pulled out a gun from inside his ankle and shot.

A man beside Liam fell to the ground as the rest of us took cover. The entire place drowned in the sounds of retaliated gunshots.

In no time, there were some of Cyril's men dead. Some injured. But we all continued to shoot. All our men slipped on night goggles,leaving Cyril's
men in the dark.

I darted my eyes in search of Cyril and found him crouched beside one of his men. edging towards the far end of the tunnel.

"Liam,Blake,cover me. Am going for Cyril." I uttered over the communicator. The sounds of guns deafening. It was a blood bath, but no one cared. Everyone was fighting for survival.

"Sure." Liam's response came.

Crouching low, I dodged the bulets, drawing closer to Cyril. He fired a few shots,his eyes anxious as he darted them about. I pegged the two men on either side of him and shot. They fell dead, while Cyril bolted for cover.

I ran after him, catching up to him as he reached the deep end. He fired a few random shots and I crouched behind a wall. Cyril could barely see a thing as he blindly ran. But I could and watched him silently from my vantage point.

He ran pulling out his phone as a torch. I stealthily followed, catching up to him as he hid behind a broken wall. He fired another shot and I knew his bullets were out.

“It's over, Cyril! Turn yourself in and you wouldn't have to suffer!”I called, breathless. There was silence, Only the echoes of guns from the others reached us.

"I would never succumb to you, the way the others had! The way Rowan had!" He called, loudly. Panting from all the exertion.

“Did it hurt that bad; seeing Tina dead. Her body mangled to the point of no recognition?!" Cyril jeered. Provoking me.I stilled my breath, trying to ease the tightness that suddenly took over,
"She called for you, you know; when we fucked her! She kept calling for you. Asking you to save her. Ten of us. But we didn't stop. We just continued. Each having turns. Until she grew still beneath us!" Cyril laughed darkly. The confession inciting an ache in me. My insides,grappling with fury as I pictured his vivid description.

The coroner had suspected possible rape. But her body had been too destroyed for evidence. It had been a gruesome murder and this man had been responsible for it.

For years, I had battled the guilt of been unable to keep my promise to her.I had searched futilely for evidence on her killer. Now I had him.

"You must have been a good fuck for her. Calling you. Too bad though you couldn't save her!"

*Yeah. Too bad I couldn't save her that night. But tonight, I would put her to rest.*

Standing up,I fired a shot, pulling a shriek from Cyril. He gathered himself and ran in the direction of a dim light hanging deep in the tunnel.I followed him, my steps quick and precise.

I fired another shot and this time it hit his left thigh. Cyril cried out,falling face down to the dirt covered floor. He crawled on the floor, shifting for cover. Clutching his thigh. Blood seeped from the wound as he tried to stem the bleeding.

He had no weapon, his hands trembling.

“Fucking..,bastard. You shot...my leg!" Cyril growled. I eyed him, then fired another shot. His other thigh.

“Jesus, man!” He cried. Groaning and writhing on the floor. His blood
seeping.

"Am going to bleed to death,man...Plea...Please..fetch me a doctor man.I can't fucking die like this..." He pleaded, weak from all the blood loss.

He raised bloodshot eyes to me. His energy slipping away as he struggled to keep his eyes open.

"Please...Please...help me..." He pleaded. I stared at him. Coldly assessed him. The emptiness that he was. This worthless being, who had kilied countless women. He had gone on to live his life and those girls had wasted.

"What was it you said, '*death is the familiar game of the underworld*?'I guess you wouldn't mind the same happened to you, right?”

He couldn't be more ashen than he already was. I raised my gun to his face and fired. The bullet broke through his head.

I heard footsteps and turned around to see Blake and Liam coming up beside me.

“Levi,you alright?” I heard Liam say, breathlessly. I nodded. Blood filling back into my lungs as I managed to breathe again. It seemed the world was colored again. Engulfed in flowers and rainbows. I inhaled a steady breath, inhaling Kenya in the process.

"Kenya." I breathed. My world had meaning with her near. I could see color.

I pulled out my phone, switching it on. Voicemails from Kenya. I didn't even bother to check them. I only did one thing. My heart pounded in my chest as I texted three words. As I allowed the release I craved.
***Me: I miss you.***

***11pm.***
###Chapter 90: I Yield...

***Kenya***.

I woke up, my throat parched as I walked downstairs to grab a drink of water.

It was 3 am, Friday morning from the monitor, and I dreaded the amount of workI had to do later in the day. There were still dance teachers to interview and the arrangements to finish up before the reopening in three weeks;31st August.

I sighed, pulling out a bottle of cold water from the fridge and drinking it.

Smiling, I recalled the text I received from Levi. Three words that spoke more than I could ever imagine.

****I Miss You.'***

At the time I received the text, I had been focused on my laptop's screen,working on some files that Dave sent me. I had stared at the text speechlessly for minutes. Recalling Rory's revelation earlier about Levi's feelings for me. And I had felt elation as I replied.

***I miss you more.'***

Since I sent that reply, no response came. But I was satisfied, knowing I occupied his thoughts, just as he did mine.

Rory had felt sorry for revealing the depth of his own feelings. And he had even indicated his intention to resign from the job, if it was too awkward seeing him as Levi's employee. But I had protested. Reminding him of our friendship. He had given me a surprised look. Contemplating my words. And had finally accepted.
I walked in the direction of the stairs, the pent house quiet, except for the beeping appliances. A pair of familiar strong warm hands enveloped my waist, startling me and pulling me closer.

His scent filled me. His warmth passed through me.

“Levi..." I breathed. He groaned. I leaned in closer, thinking If this was a dream. I didn't wish to miss a moment. Only that it didn't feel like it.I felt the familiar sweet ache inside my legs as he nipped my neck. I felt his erection behind me.

“Your moan tells me how much you missed me.” Levi exhaled into my ears. His breath warm. I wasn't dreaming. I turned to him, smiling.Relieved that he was finally-home. Under the soft light, I saw his wet, bare chest. His hair was wet and he was in sweat slacks.

Excitement thrilled me at the mare sight of him half dressed. I tried to form coherent words, but they died in my tongue. He leaned in, kissing me.

"How are you?" He smelled so nice, like a fresh shower.

"When did you come in? I didn't hear you?" I asked, trying to steady my mushy nerves.

"A few minutes ago. I had some pending work that I hastily attended to in my office before I rushed in for a shower. Didn't want to bring in the day's filth into our bed." He growled, kissing me again. I liked that he had a fresh shower. I liked that he thought of me before showering. I kissed him,raising myself on tip toes, for more contact.

Enveloping me in his arms, Levi picked me, deepening the kiss.

Soon we were all kisses and touches. Our bodies not having enough. The persistence of our kisses, triggering sensations in me that I wished to
explore. I wrapped my legs around him, pressing my sex into. He growled,carrying me upstairs.

I let Levi lead. He lay me on the bed, our bodies all tangled in a web of limbs. Tentative kisses caressed my body, my heart beating fast. I was wearing a beige lingerie, by breasts all aching for him. He didn't disappoint. Knowing what my body craved, he climbed into bed, burying himself in my breasts.

I moaned, our sounds of pleasure, filling the quiet that surrounded me earlier. Levi didn't huarry his pace this tíme. He worshipped me. I was his muse that he wished to carve out in the strokes of pleasure.

His hands tugged my lacy lingerie, and I complied, helping him take it off.Slipping my hands into his waistband, I pressed his buttocks,until his arousal prodded me painfully.

"I want you.” I whispered, impatiently. His gaze was tender. His expression filled with adoration, affection.

“You have me," he whispered back and wasted no time taking down his slacks.

Soon we lay in bed naked and he slowed, caressing me, watching me.He didn't invade me, he only watched me. His body in-between my legs.

“Tonight I want to watch you, while I make love to you."

Twelve words. Twelve words that just sliced through me. Carving a place in my heart. My breath hitched because I didn't want to ruin the moment by making any sudden movement.

He stared at me, as if he awaited my validation or something.
"What are you saying?" I asked, quietly. Myeyes pooled in tears.


That familiar boyish smile again.

Kissing my tears away, he said.

"I am saying that I yield Kenya. To the rhythm of yor heart, the pace at which you have decided to set this relationship. I am saying that I am your pliant slave. I wouldn't fight this anymore. Just..." He hesitated, his eyes shut tight for a second. *Had he been resisting this all along?Subjected himself to blame. Even condemned souls deserved a chance.*

When he opened his eyes again, a shadow appeared and he struggled to banish it.

"Just let me go at my own pace.” His plea broke me.

It was the plea of a troubled soul, locked in the captivity of his own horrors. And I yearned to reach him. Assuage his pain, his suffering. But I could only do that if he was willing. And this was willingness enough for me.

I dispelled the selfish disappointment that crawled in. Nodding, I kissed him. And he breathed into me, pressing himself deeper.

Filling my entrance with his erection, Levi penetrated me with his hard cock. Our bodies, our souls, syncing to Levi's slow, gentle thrusts.He watched me all through.

My body disintegrating under his heated gaze.
###Chapter 91: Happy belated birthday...


***Levi.***

***Monday,Four days later...***

I finished with the assessment of the construction site. Giving the leader of the team my preferences for the project. It was a large scale project. We demolished an old, obsolete building a few months ago and now we were converting it into a parking lot.

My phone rang in my pocket, a caIl from the mayor. When I answered it,he thanked me for the works I was doing for the homeless folks. Building houses for them at no charges, ensuring they had meals sent to them every day.

"It's not an issue, Philip. I am happy to help. It's our duty as humans.”I reminded myself more than him.

He acknowledged my words and even promised to attend Kenya's dance school reopening.

When I finished the call, the air suddenly felt stifling. Memories of how helpless mum and I had been in those days,suddenly stirred within me.I loosened my tie and just went to sit on a bench,watching the city.

Every person had a chance to contribute positively to the world.A collection of acts of kindness here and there, could help erase the brokenness that existed in the lives of every one out of ten people in the world today.

It took me Kenya to return back the feelings of joy and ecstasy that used to be my identity. A me that was lost when dad destroyed us. And an act
of passion from a woman, who I had hurt,comforted me.

In the same way, these homeless people weren't asking for love. They wished for a chance to heal, to find comfort in living again, just like I did.A chance to see the rainbows and colors in the world.

Picking up my phone, I texted Kenya.

***Me: Hi Baby. At work thinking of you. Let's have lunch .Pick you up in a few.***

I slipped the phone in my pocket, the air already feeling better knowing that I'd be seeing her soon.

My phone buzzed.

***Kenya: Okay, will be waiting. Just finished setting up all the offices.
They look great, I think.***

Smiling at her humor, I inhaled a shaky breath. My insides calming.


She was my oasis in the middle of the Sahara.


***

A few minutes past noon, and my car parked in front of J'aime. I was already down to my white shirt, navy blue slacks. My jacket and tie, gone earlier.

I walked in through the doors of the school, halting. A complete transformation. Looking like it was out of a home décor magazine. I took the moment to admire the beauty of the place and I had to confess Kenya got style.

Walking in, I heard her voice in one of the halls,slowing to admire her.
Beautiful, intelligent. She was everything I ever wanted. In denim shirt and slacks. Her black sneakers clicking on the shining floor, as she moved around with a painter.

“Hi Mr Ruthford." I heard behind me. Turning to see Andrea, holding a pink tablet, smiling tentatively.

"Hi Andrea." I smiled. “And please call me Levi." I urged, seeing the unease in her expression as she watched me.

She hesitated a little. Since that day we encountered each other at the hospital, we hadn't had a chance to be alone. And since I'd be seeing more of her now in Kenya's life, I might as well become better acquainted.

I saw her nod and I guess a silent understanding passed between us.

"How do you like the decor?" She asked, smiling. I looked around,appreciatively.

"It's magnificent. I have people already asking me more about intakes."I smiled,watching her blush.

"You should smile more. It suits you.” She complimented,shyly;walking away. I chuckled at her remark, knowing that I had one woman to thank for restoring my lost smile.

"Hey you.” I heard Kenya say, as she finally saw me. She approached,a wide smnile gracing her beautiful face. I let my eyes fall on her wide hips as they swayed. My heart jumped. Kenya was my joy.

We kissed when she reached me and she stayed in my arms longer,seeking my warmth.

“Hungry?" I asked as I kissed the top of her head. She nodded, tilting her
head backward to look at me*.*

*I could stay in this position forever, just having her adoring eyes on me.*

She grabbed her purse and we set off.

While I drove. I took her hand nearest to me in myfree hand.Kissing inside her palm, she giggled. I liked the sound. *Did I say that before?*

As we drove past, my eyes caught sight of a sleek white coupe SUV on display at a car dealership. I slowed down, making a turn. Parking in front of the dealership.

“What are we doing here?” Kenya asked me, her brows raised.

"Come with me, let's go shopping Baby,” I said playfully.

"Shopping?”She asked, bewildered*.“For cars*?”

“Mmmhm.”I nodded. I climbed down the car, coming to pull her out.

“But we're already in a car?” She continued, eyeing the place. I ignored her,tugging her along. We entered the place and were greeted by enthusiastic salesmen.

I ignored them, heading straight for the white coupe SUV. It was marvelous. The sleek, sloping roof. The smoothness. It reminded me of my Porsche as an adolescent.

“Your birthday is February the 8th right?" I asked, eyeing the car.

She answered, her eyes equally glued to the car. I could already see her fascination and I imagined her in it. Driving our cute baby inside.Something painful tugged in my chest. Pure anticipation.
"Happy belated birthday." I turned to her, a smile tugging my lips. She looked at me, like I had grown hundred heads. Perhaps I had, for her.

"My birthday was months ago." She muttered. I closed the space between us, tilting her head back. Staring into her eyes.

"I wasn't your husband then."

*Kiss*
###Chapter 92: Dear Future HHusband...


***Kenya.***

***Seven Years Earlier...***

***14********11*******March. ***

***Dear Diary,***

***As a little girl. I used to dream of my wedding.***

***I used to say I would get married to a handsome ballet dancer. Have lots of dancing children. I grew up and became a teenager, my dreams changed.***

***I started fantasizing about marrying a surgeon. I wanted to admire my husband as he constantly saved lives. While I danced to give others happiness. Much like we will be saving lives together.***

***Now as a 16-year-old in 11******th*** ***grade, I don't think I have such thoughts anymore. To me marriage is just a dream for beautiful girls.Perfect girls with perfect shapes. Their limbs all in perfect symmetry. No hiccups.***

***Yet I can't seem to put away the desire of someday meeting my knight in shining armor. My Lancelot or King Arthur. Am not picky. I just wish that some guy someday, would look at me and truly see me and not this dastard limp.***

I looked up from my pink colored Rhine stoned diary,staring at the other students clustered around.

Barely anyone noticed me during lunch hour. But I never bothered. I only
saw me and my goal to be a perfect dancer someday.

I turned my eyes to my left and caught sight of Alec at the far corner,assessing me again with his intense blue eyes. I flushed,looking away.

He was the most handsome boy on the school's tennis team and I usually stopped myself from drooling over him. The same way I was sure every other girl drooled.

I had no friends. I was invincible to all of them. The limping weirdo. But I didn't care. Mum said I only needed to focus on me and no one else.

I was the elephant in the room, she would say. However sometimes, this elephant was invincible, even to herself.

After school, I took a bus to the library for some homework. The only thing mum and Amanda expected from me was to pass my grades and enter the best college. Get a great job thereafter.

But I wanted to get into the Manhattan School of the Arts so bad. If I did,I would be great.

I had a boring, unenviable life. I only had mum and my sister. I used to beg for friendships. But once I got into middle school, I stopped and

held my dignity.

It was 5:30 Pm before I reached home. Mum was working. She worked as a hospital assistant for a big hospital.

"Hey sparkles." Amanda called, her hair all covered in her bonnet. Fresh from the shower.

“Hey. Where you off to?" I eyed her.
I hung my bag, sat on my bed, watching her. She smiled.

"Work." She sat on our vanity, applying those scented lotions she loved to apply. They made her body all smooth, shining. No blemish on her skin.I envied that.

Her graceful poise. She walked down the streets and every man turned his eyes to her. I loved my sister. Kind, ambitious and loyal. Working endlessly after high school to help me and mum. I couldn't just continue to follow in her wake. I needed to create a life for myself. One that wwas uniquely me.

"I want to enroll in the Manhattan school of the Arts, Amanda." I was quiet.

Amanda stilled for a second, before she continued applying her lotion. She took off her bonnet, combed out her luxurious kinky curls. She loved holding them in a pair of boxer braids for work night.

“Do you knowv how expensive that school is?” Amanda asked, calmly.I nodded, even though she couldn't see me from where she sat. “It's a school for rich kids, Ken. And we aren't rich.” She turned to me now.

I stared, tears pooling around my eyes at that reminder.

“But that doesn't mean I can't get in...I'll work hard and get a scholarship... My grades are great." I wept. My sniffs coming hard as I tried to rein myself in.

She didn't say anything. Just stared. Tears stained her eyes as well.

“I need to be me, Amanda. I can't be you. I don't have boyfriends. I don't have friends... No one wants to be close to me Amanda... When they look at me, they just see this,.. freak. Do you know how I had to pay a boy to
kiss me? Just so I could know what it felt like to be kissed." I sobbed.

Amanda glided to me, holding me in her arms. I broke into sobs. My heart cracking from inside. The pain I felt,the resentment I harbored just seeing myself in the mirror.

"If they don't see you then that's their loss, Ken." Amanda tilted my head back, looking in my eyes. I sniffed, her smile trying to reach somewhere inside me. But I resisted. She couldn't see my suffering.

"I know you sometimes think I have life easy. But I don't. Sometimes I cry, when I think how life would have been i we had a dad or something.But we have us. And that's what matters. We will survive; three of us.And someday,you and I will marry reputable men, who will love us,completely." Amanda smiled. Her tears mirrored mine.

I managed a nod. Then she added, after a smile.

"So, this school of Arts thing; if you get a scholarship, do you think we will be able to navigate around the fees for you?” She held my gaze,waiting for me. I cracked a smile and held her in an affectionate hug.

“I love you Sparkles. Never forget that." Then she rose to her feet,continuing with her dressing.

When she left, I sat down on my desk, smiling. I was going to attend the school. I couldn't even contain my happiness. Pulling out my diary, I started writing a letter.

***“Dear Future Husband,***

***I would wish for you to stay with me forever.***
***Love,***


***Kenya,****
###Chapter 93:Wish Granted...

***Kenya.***

***Present day, a week later...***

Monday. A whole seven days since Levi got me the Coupe SUV.Still unbelievable!

When the salesmen had quoted the price and he had just silently given them a check, I had protested. Screaming inside at the outrageousness of buying me a car, when hhe had a fleet of cars. But he had kissed away my doubt.

Tonight aswe sat, celebrating Amanda's 26th birthday, in their Beverly Hills home, I smiled. Happiness distracting me. Levi's fingers laced inside mine, while he listened to Alan's friend. We were all dressed casually.A simple out door LA party.

Dinner overand we had our drinks in hand, talking. Alfred, a friend to Amanda and Alan said a joke about Amanda's love for her husband, kids and jewelry, earning our laughter.

Mum watched us with such adoration as she equally sat. I could imagine her thoughts; her girls all grown up with their own families. I guess she did alright.

She came with a friend tonight. A Mr Copa. Former owner of a toy shop,before he retired; giving his sons the business.

“Kenya,so when are we hearing baby cries?" Amanda's friend, Cassidy teased.

I laughed nervously, catching Levi's eyes. He squeezed mny fingers beneath
the table.
When Alan invited us a few days ago to Amanda's birthday party,I had tried to escape the event, because Amanda's frienids always made me nervous. Somehow tonight, I didn't want to feel intimidated by them.

"When Kenya is ready, we will have a baby." Levi saved me, holding my gaze.

The words caressed me. A promise. I saw a gleam in his eyes and my heart sang.

"So Ken, are we all invited to the reopening of your school?" Cassidy jumped to another question. I frowned, trying to gather my thoughts that had already strewn off to Levi. My delectable distraction.

“Yeah...I'd have my P.A send out invitations to you. I actually had no idea you'd be interested in stuff like that." I stared at Cassidy,smiling.She chuckled.

“It's a party Ken. My weakness. Right baby?” She turned to Carl, her husband. The man just kissed her in the neck, earning more giggles.

I looked at mum and Mr Copa, their heads lowered, sharing their own world of whispers. She had waited, sacrificed years of her life for us, until now.

Her little moment of joy right now, was a bliss to me. I turned and saw Amanda equally watching her. Perhaps we weren't as different after all.

Since we walked into the party, hours ago, Amanda was tensed.She masked it, but I could still see it.

As she rose to go into the house, I followed her, careful not to attract mum'
s eyes.
“Amanda." I called, halting her on the stairs to their rooms. She turned,smiling nervously.

"What you doing here? Shouldn't you be at the party?" She asked,her eyes shifting in the direction I came.

"I wanted to check up on you. I noticed you were off kilter. Are you tired?"I came closer, holding her. Her hands felt cold,clammy.She pulled them away. *Was she coming down with something.*

“Am fine Ken. I just need to rest. The kids are at Alan's mum's,so I should have had tonight to rest at least." She raked a hand through her long,wavy hair extension.

"Alright." I felt disappointed. *Didn't she want to see us around her?* But I didn't press. I held my tongue.

Hugging her, I chose not to detain her longer. Maybe it was time we called it a night and returned to our hotel. I knew when I wasn't welcomed.

“Good night Amanda. I'll be leaving with Levi.” I informed her. She hitched her breath. Nodding tightly. I wondered at her reaction and quietly walked away.

Not wanting to disturb her further.

When I walked outside. I greeted Alan and the others. Alan followed and we talked. I finalized the paper work for production of the movie, earlier today, when we arrived.

Now he just gave me a reminder when I was expected to come to set.In September. It wasn't a mega role. I was just to act as this ballerina that
catches the eye of an assassin. Just about four scenes for me.

We got to the car and I leaned against it, watching the stars. I managed to ask mum to bring my old stuff from her place, when she was coming. She brought a cardboard box filled with my old stuff.

"Are you alright?" Levi's comforting voice came. I turned. He already had the car door open for me.

“Am just worried about my sister. She looked off." I walked to him,opening the back door and sitting down. I dragged out my diary from the box.

I needed to hold on to past memories of Amanda and I.

Growing up into a woman, Amanda changed. I think before she became a woman. I think when she had to work hours for my school.

Levi came to silently stand in front of me. I held back my tears.

I unlocked the diary with its key and began thumbing the pages. It still smelled floral. Scents I used to spray on it.

"Is that your diary?” Levi asked, calmly. I nodded. The surrounding security lights,filtered in.

“Can I see it?” He asked me. I looked into his eyes. Tears, blurring my vision.

"Just one, for now." I informed him, pushing back the tears. But they just leaked. He didn't ask about the tears, he only nodded. I was grateful he let me cry. When I opened the page marked 'My Dear Future Husband,I handed it over. He took it. His expression morphing to tenderness.
I was embarrassed. I didn't care.

After like an endless moment of Levi staring down at that one page, his voice came. Thick, hoarse with emotion.


“Wish granted."

*Two words,* and I crashed into his welcoming arms.
###Chapter 94: Reckoning...

***Levi.***

*August 8th, 19 years earlier...*

****Billionaire business man and owner of Mirage Bank, Timothy Reed,has been missing since two weeks. Family has requested that anyone who knows his whereabouts, calls the number; 775-9933 or sends an email to***[***NKN@jmail.com***](mailto:NKN@jmail.com)***.”***

I finished the rest of my dinner. The television continued to rumble about the five top business men that went missing weeks ago. Timothy Reed was the last one.


Putting away the cleaned dishes, I walked to the living room.

“Am heading out mum. Have some home work to do with my friends."
That was a lie. I had no friends at my new school. I was a lone wolf.

“Must you, honey?” Mum asked worriedly, turning from the television.Her face pale. “Meghan's father has been missing for days and the family must be devastated. The streets aren't safe at night these days,Levi.”

I shrugged. "We no longer fall in their category mum. Those are rich folks.

”

I grabbed my jacket from the coat hanger. My face expressionless when I turned back to her,


“Lock the door mum. I'd be back tomorrow." I crossed to the door,turning the knob.

“Levi?” Mum called. I halted, but I didn't turn back. I knew what she was
going to say. She said it every night I stepped out the door.

"Must you stay over again? And that tattoo on your arm? Why?"

My heart ripped in my chest, knowing that her concern was lost on me.Inhaling a shaky breath, my chest hurting at how down the road I had gone. How things had changed, I stepped out of the house without a response to her. I heard her muffled sobs through the door, but I didn't turn back.

In a few minutes. I joined the others in the abandoned warehouse. Rowan had asked us all to meet there. It was already quarter past eight and everyone stood,waiting.

"Levi." He called me out of the crowd, his tone menacing. I was used to him now. I was used to everything here now.

I stepped forward and he smiled darkly. My eyes caught sight of Black Pea, who stood there eyeing me, disdainfully.

Since that night I shot Freddy, most of the others saw me as a force to be feared. Especially as Rowan asked me for the gift I desired. The others just stood neutral.

Tonight, my gift was to be unwrapped. My body was fired up in anticipation.

“When I asked you what you wanted in return for your loyalty, you had brought me the biggest request. You asked for retribution."

In Rowan's eyes was sick darkness. It was an extension of him. One that would forever be feared,

"Tonight, I give you reckoning!" Rowan roared,his voice echoing through
the warehouse. He gestured and out of a door rolled out his men dragging the five top missing business men of NYC.

Timothy Reed. Dathan Nicos, Alexis Ribber, Dweed Rivers and Steven Strad.

A sick excitement trailed through me, my body tingling. It was an unusual pleasure,seeing the men that had pestered my mother, deprived us of help,blindfolded. gagged and bound.

Petrified, they struggled with their captors. Whimpering. No one could hear them now. Just like no one could hear us when we pleaded.

The men were brought to me, like a birthday cake. They fell them on their knees before me, their heads lowered. I felt like a king. The stench of their fear,satisfactory.

"These are your prisoners, Levi. Do the honors." Rowan ordered, quietly.

I felt powerful. On top of the world.

My hatred for these men inundated me. An inner rage undulated,giving room to a malevolence for the men kneeling before me. These same men that hadn't been there for us, when we needed them. These same men that had brandished their wealth before fallen people like me and mum.

I pulled out my switch blade, the sound of it startling one of them. I smiled darkly. Coming to stand before Timothy Reed, the stench of his fear assuaging all the ache that had lurked in my heart since dad's death; since the plummet to hell. I was appeased, seeing him tremble.

Taking off his blindfold, I smiled sinisterly in his face. Horror stretched across his face,his eyes opened wide.

"Hello Timothy. Remember me?” I snarled. His expression turned to
confusion, a frown marring his face. He struggled, whimpering. I slid the blade along the sides of his face. He flinched from its coldness.

"Where are your many men now, Timothy? Where are your millions?"I asked him. There was a heavy silence across the room. The only sounds heard were the men's muffled sounds. If Timothy could speak, I could only imagine the many words that would have spewed from his mouth.But he couldn't.

I stared in disgust at him. He was revolting to look at, as I saw the way he had touched my mother. Heard her pleading voice, asking him not to proposition her.

I felt sick in the stomach. My insides roiled with all the darkness. I didn't see a human before me. Only a repulsive being,unworthy of compassion.

"This is for trying to fuck my mother."

Sinking my knife into one of his eyes, I dug deep. Skin, sinews,nerves and vessels snapped. A sickening sound. I didn't care. He was held down for me. his anguish palpable. My fingers deep in his crimson blood, I plunged in, until I had his eye ball out. He twisted in pain on the floor and I wvent for the other eye. Repeating the same action.

When I was done, I watched as Timothy limp on the floor, had his blood pooled around him. The smell of choking copper filling the entire warehouse. Stifling me. Nausea came. But I steadied myself. Knowing I had to repeat the action with the other four men.

My mother was going to be avenged tonight. Her honor restored.
###Chapter 95: Let Me in...

***Kenya.***

***Present day, eight days later...***

It was already Tuesday. August 20th. TweIve days to the reopening and I could feel the full weight of exhaustion falling on me. My body ached. My senses spiraling.

I couldn't even tell if things were working out well. I had concerns all of a sudden about the choices made by the caterers. The last minute decorations weren't working. And the students' routines I had planned for the reopening was a disaster.

The offices were in full operation. Everything was already working in that regard. Yet I felt things weren't going as planned.

I spoke to Claudine a few days back and she was happy to give me pointers, which I intended to try out. She said I should just enjoy the party.Things will fall in, eventually.

"Ken. I have Mrs Ethan on line one, calling to ask if her three daughters can take part in the opening."

And that was another problem. Last minute adjustments to please every parent.

I raised my eyes from the documents I had to sign. I was tired.

"I...I can't Andy. Just tell her that we have a lineup of events that her daughters can partake in, once school starts in September." I felt awful letting the little girls down. But I had to make the right choice. It would be difficult for them to participate in the routines now. It might ruin the
performance for the opening night.

Andrea nodded her head in acquiescence and left. Just as a message popped on my computer screen.

***From L. Ruthford:***

***Would my wife be happy to have dinner with me tonight?***

I giggledat the message. Relieved at the distraction. It was already 4:30pm. That meant in a few hours. I was game. Anything to spend time with Levi.


***To L. Ruthford:***

***From KenRuthford:***

***Yes,husband.***

We finally discussed the Ritzy Leigh offer and Levi urged me with more of kisses and thrusts in my pussy, than words, to take the offer. He was happy to support me in my career progress. He didn't wish me to ever feel inadequate. His wish was for me to have all life could offer. And those words had resonated within me. Confirming Andrea and Rory's thoughts about Levi's feelings for me. I had a contract with Ritzy Leigh now.

About 7pm, Levi drove us to a simple waterfront restaurant. Canopies stood at intervals and the air smelled wet and inviting.

I wore a yellow maxi gown and broad soled heels. Levi wore a navy blue shirt and gray slacks. He had the sleeves rolled down, depriving me of his beautiful tattoo.

We sat to dine and the food was delicious. Spicy Mexican dish for me and
meat loaf for Levi.

"Their meat loaf is delicious here." Levi complimented, sipping his wine.I smiled, knowing that 1 only wanted spicy food at the moment. I sipped my red wine as well. The taste, sweet and tangy.

I wanted to speak. but I saw tension in his eyes, even as he ate.

"Is everything alright?" I asked, concerned. Smiling, he gazed tentatively at me.

"I'm fine. I just want to peel off everything on your body, until you are wet for me." His voice, thick with desire, mesmerizing.

“Let's leave here,” I said, shakily.

"Eat first.” He smiled, seductively.

A few minutes later, we were making steaming love in the car. I rocked my hips to his thrusts. My gasps ringing in my own ears. His groans,an indication of his pleasure that mirrored mine.

My dress was zipped down and he had his warm mouth, feasting on my nipples. I ached from the pressure of his sucks. My pussy clenched each time he withdrew his hard cock. We were at the back seat of the car,our bodies tangled.

When our release came, it was at the same time. Quivering. Breathless and panting for air. My cum was all over him and we just lay there, his head on top my bare chest. While I stroked his bare, chiseled torso.

Raising himself on his elbows, he smiled down at me. I touched his face,his eyes. I loved him very much. I just wvanted to remain in his arms,forever. And the tender way he made love to me these days,memorable.
He leaned into my touch and I allowed my fingers trail him some more.Touching his strong, chiseled arms. I moved up and touched a jagged scar at his rear. Just slightly below his shoulder and his neck. Perhaps that's the reason I never noticed it until this moment. It was hidden. Or because I didn't care back then.

"What happened here," I whispered, banishing my guilt at not caring initially. Fingering it. He didn't respond. He only placed a kiss on my lips.I frowned. Disappointed that he was shutting me out again. I wanted to know more of his past, to be his future.

“Levi, let me in. I wouldn't bite. I just want to know my husband. Is that wrong?"I asked, tears pooling in my eyes. It hurt when I really wanted to be in his life this much and he resisted. An invincible wall that he refused to pull it down.

Silence fel1, dividing us. I wanted to move but he held me steady.

"Am leaving on a trip later tonight." Levi revealed. I stared at him in the darkness, speechless. I think now he mnade me cry, as the tears fell uncontrollably.

"Why? Can't it wait till morning?" I asked.

I hated that I was weak for him. But I couldn't help it. He was my addiction.

I saw him shake his head and I knew that he wouldn't budge. Last time he left,he returned early. I was hopeful.

"How long would you be gone this time?" I asked, defeated. He hesitated.*Not a good sign.*

When he answered, his tone was grave.

###Chapter 96: Breathless...

***Levi.***

***November 27th, 19 years earlier...***

*Damn! Detroit was cold at this time of year*. I shivered,clutching my coat.

I tried to distract myself from mum eating alone this thanksgiving. It was no use carrying thoughts of her during missions like this. She had pleaded fervently,when I packed up my bags to go on this trip, hours ago.But I had left. No valid explanation.

I missed the old us.

"Someone's coming." Black Pea's usually hoarse voce filtered into my thoughts. Immediately, we took cover behind a ship. We were in the docks.Our eyes alert, assessing the approaching figure. The air smelled of water and fish. Three men approached, one who matched the description of the contact we were to meet.

"That's the guy." Black Pea pointed out.

This was the first time we were alone, since Freddy's death. The entire drive to Detroit had been awkward and I found myself inwardly wondering the reason Rowan had paired us for the mission.

"For what it's worth, am sorry about Freddy's death." I was quiet.

There was no visible reaction from him. He only maintained his gaze on the approaching men.

Just before the men reached us, he said. "First rule of being cold hearted,never ever apologize." Then he went towards the men.
We were to make a drop of ice with them and they were to pay us.

I had done this countless times, since I got my new alias and tattoo.However, this was my first time doing it away from home. I shivered nervously inside. But I tried to keep myself in check. Miles from home,with a guy that held a grudge against me and three strangers. I looked at the picture of the Blessed Virgin in my arm and prayed that her virginal mantle covered me.

Coming out to join them, I tried to keep a stoic face; watching them silently as they dealt. I didn't take the ice since I joined them. I usually watched the others get wasted on it. I loved my senses in order, because I hated been caught unguarded.

Black Pea asked for the ice and I pulled the pack out of my backpack,handing it to him. The men barely spared me a look. They just focused on Black Pea.

When we finished, they moved away in a different direction from the way they came. I slipped the dough in my bag, waitingfor Black Pea to make the usual call to update Rowan. Rather he pulled out a cigarette and lit one each for the both of us. I took it, nonetheless.

“You know that night the police came to carry most of us because of the death of those business men, I wanted to snitch on you." Black Pea revealed.

His face expressionless. Istilled, the lit cigarette burning in my mouth.

The cops had seen footages of me delivering Rowan's pizza to each of the men,shortly before their abduction. And they had stormed Rowan's Pizza hut. A front he used as cover. We had each been questioned and there had been no evidence to hold us down. Each man had been found dead in
front of their luxurious gates. Their eyes gouged out. Bled to death.

Mum had been devastated, when she had been called into the station and her cries had broken me. But I was now committed to them and could never back down. This world had now become my identity.

Taking the cigarette from the mouth, I stubbed it beneath my foot. My body shook with rage at the bitterness from Black Pea.

Choosing indifference, I shrugged.

"You should have. At least you would have had a clean conscience."I glared at him.

A menacing smile replaced his distant look. He nodded his head and pulled his phone out of his pocket. I watched him for a few seconds,before I turned my back on him. Slinging my back pack and pulling out a cigarette,I lit it.

*Dock!* I heard Mum's silent voice. But I ignored it and dragged on the smoke.


Bang! Bang!

A searing paín shot through my left shoulder. Burning. Agonizing.Sending me straight to the dirt covered ground. I tried to lift myself off the floor, to pick my gun from my back pocket. But it was no use. The pain sliced through me. I cried. Breathless. I shifted, dragging myself to a sitting position with my right arm. My eyes came face to face with Black Pea's gun. But I was already growing dizzy.

Anger and pain flared in me, my eyes shut. I tried reaching a shaky hand to stem the bleeding,but it was pointless.
“You shoot like a girl.” I spat, panting. He smirked. A devilish gleam in his eyes.

"Then you wouldn't mind being fucked by me right." He drew closer, that awful grin on his face.

I wanted to shoot him. But I was already losing blood so bad. As he pointed the gun to my forehead, my eyes already dim, I thought of something that I knew would drag his attention from me.

Summoning my last ounce of sense, before I succumbed to unconsciousness. I pulled my lighter and set my bag with the money in it on fire. The bag caught fire quicker than we both thought and soon we heard someone blowing a whistle nearby. Black Pea bolted as fast as lightening. And I instantly pulled my gun from my pocket, flinging it far into the bushes. I hoped it was far.

The exertion of that exercise suddenly drained me and I felt myself slipping. Cold seeping into me. My arms weak. I succumbed to the dimness.

Everything grew dark. The sounds of feet thudding in the background,like a distant memory.

"Sonny...Kid! Kid! Wake up!" I faintly heard a man call. Another voice alarmed,said.

“He's bled bad. Let's take him to the hospital before he dies. The wound is deep."

*Black Out.*
###Chapter 97: Terrified...

***Levi.***

***Present day, the next day...***

Wednesday. I found myself struggling to drown out Kenya's disappointed voice, when she asked me if this trip couldn't wait until morning, but I couldn't. She was everywhere in my head. And I currently needed my head to function.

I was deep in a forest in Colombia, hiking to one of my plantations. Our car was parked at the other side, so we wouldn't wake the locals.

It was 4 am and still dark.

Blake panted beside me. His athletic frame, allowing him to equally catch up. I recalled when we were younger and how he used to struggle to catch up with my strides, because he was small at the time.

“You've grown up nice." I teased, pausing to drink some water from my canister. I could feel his hard glare at me and I chuckled.

“You are only older by one year, Levi. Don't push it.” His tone was playful,even as he panted for air. I shook my head, offering him some water. His canister held coffee, laced with brandy for us.

We trudged on and soon arrived the plantation. What I saw gripped me.The entire plantation was smoking from the flames of the fire that engulfed it, a day ago. I stood horrorstruck.

Millions worth of coca plants burnt to the ground. Some survived, as we walked through the devastation. But it was no use. The soil was going to need recovery.
Workers still tried to salvage what they could. And I tried to remain calm.Even though I was aware that I still had other plantations, it still hurt knowing this was lost.

I was a major supplier of the plant to pharmaceutical companies. And my clientele ranged far. This was a setback for me in the Colombia region.

I was taken to the local infirmary, where some of the workers that had suffered burns were admitted. There were twenty workers, whose burns were very severe. Others had minor burns.

"Who is responsible for this?" I asked, looking at Rico, who finally came to join us. His hands were wrapped in bandages.

“Why aren't you in the infirmary?" I asked him, concerned.

"Work must go on boss." He spoke. I nodded, unable to argue.

I talked to the doctors, and made calls and arrangements for the people to be taken to the hospital in Bogota for better treatment. They were very grateful and I even promised continuity of their jobs, once they recovered.

Without any further delay, I joined the available workers and some of my men, and we started clearing the place.

Then I heard gunshots in the distance.

At first I attributed it to the local watch team,who perhaps were scaring off rebels. I paid them to ensure the safety of the everyone. Hence I was surprised that this devastation had occurred under their watch. The fire looked like a very ordinary accident. But to the critical eye, a fire of such magnitude wasn't accidental.

Then the shots came again. This time more persistent and closer. I stilled
and so did the rest of us. Blake came to stand beside me.

"Did you hear that." He muttered. I nodded. Then someone in the distance shouted in the local dialect and the entire place broke into a panic.
I looked around and saw the women and children running for cover,while the men pulled out guns.

Rico came running, pulling out a gun. My men equally pulled theirs,handing me an Ak47.

"Sir, some masked people are coming! They've shot some people along the way!" Rico yelled as he approached. Before I could say a word,a shot was fired and

Rico fell dead to the floor.

I ran for cover among the plants. Crawling in the dirt. Blake came up beside me, matching my moves. We crawled to a couple of trees and hid as the shots continued.

Smoke covered everywhere and the darkness didn't help. I fired some blind shots and the shots grew more persistent.

Screams were heard and I banished the sounds; thinking of my survival.
Blake fired as well and my men came around, covering me.


Then a loud voice called me.

“Levi Ruthford!"

I stilled. My gun poised. My finger set on the trigger.

I could feel my breath coming in rapid puffs.

“Come out now, or this woman gets her head blown off!" The voice
thundered.

I froze, peeking around the tree to have a look. Light from a jeep illuminated a man surrounded by approximately ten men. A man had a gun pointed to a woman's head, while she knelt on the floor. I stared frantically. Considering my options.

"You've got ten minutes to come up here, or her brain gets blown off! One!




I hesitated.

"Levi...Don't," Blake said beside me. I spared him a look. If I didn't, that woman was going to die.

“Two!”

“Blake, if I don't, that woman dies. I wouldn't be surprised those men were responsible for this devastation," I whispered.

“But Levi...”

"No argument." I quieted him.

"Three!” The voice boomed again.

“Stop!” I called, coming out. I shook inside from rage, stepping out from behind the tree. I approached them, my hands raised above my head,my gun limp in my hand.

The men were masked, dressed in combat garb. But I knew they weren't military.When I reached them, I dropped my gun. One of them came around to frisk me. I stayed, watching them.

“Are you the men that destroyed my plantation?" I asked, fiercely. A man,
who I presumed was the leader, stepped forward and punched

me in the gut. I buckled, winded from the impact. He raised my head roughly and stared into my eyes.

"You're not the boss here. I am, Levi Ruthford."

They all laughed, sinisterly. I panted. gathering my strength. I couldn't recall the last time I was in this sort of situation.

And for the first time in years, I was terrified.
###Chapter 98: I made a promise...

***Levi.***

The men laughed.

They didn't need money,or they would have made their demands. Rather they seemed to be here for me.

"You have me. Take me and let everyone go." I sneered.

My lips tight as I stared into his eyes. He must have seen something in my gaze that startled him for a moment, before he regained himself.

"I heard you are very precise and a good negotiator." The man started slowly in my face. "Sadly I am here for one thing." He grinned.

I tried to buy sometime, hoping Blake found a way.

"I'll pay you triple whatever you were given. How much? A million dollars? Ten million? Name your price.” I spat. The man's armor cracked and I could swear I reached him. I could pay more than that. But first he had to agree.

"I would forget this ever happened, but let everyone go and the money would be yours." I baited him.

Someone in his group took him aside. He released me. I panted anxiously.

*God I hoped that Blake had an idea. Because these men had bloodshot eyes and I hadn't been prepared for this.*

The worst thing I could do now was die. Because I made a promise to my wife. I never broke my/promises.
The man gave me a look as they talked in their dialect. And I wished I could hear them.

I flicked a gaze to the woman who still had a gun pointed to her head. If I made a move for the man's gun, how many could I shoot down, before I got shot. I still had my knife in my leg. They hadn't spotted it. I could do something.

Shifting a gaze to the man who held the woman hostage. I said.


"Mind if I get a drink of your water?"

The man eyed me, dubiously. I shrugged, inching closer. I was a hairsbreadth away. My hands held in midair.

"I haven't had a drink of water in hours and if your boss there is going to consider my options, you wouldn't want me dead.” I smied.

The man was thoughtful. I saw the others had converged and they were almost all talking, except for a few, who distractedly stood around.

Sparing me another glance, the man began reaching for his canister.

Swiftly, I lowered myself and pulled my knife. Before he knew what he was about, I covered his mouth, slitting his throat. Silent and precise, I lowered the man to the floor.

I looked to ensure the others weren't looking.

*They must be arguing about the money.*

I crouched low, picking the man's gun. Then I crawled to the woman.She startled and I covered her mouth. Dragging us behind one of their cars.

I wasn't too good with the dialect, but I managed to ask her to crawl out
of the area. She nodded and obeyed.

Then I heard a gunshot and one of the men fell dead. They began firing randomly. At the same time more fell dead.

*Good timing Blake.*

Looking around. I saw the men pointing in where I had been standing.They were searching for me. I fired my shots and they dropped dead like flies.

Just as I rose to my feet, attempting to take cover behind the trees,someone stopped me.

“Don't fucking move, Ruthford! You thought you could run away right.”

I stilled and saw from my periphery vision, Blake had a gun raised. He gave a signal and I docked. A bullet firing and hitting the man. I panted,shaking.

For a second I thought I was going to die. Blake and two of my men rushed to me, ensuring the man was dead. I rose to my feet, my body still fighting for balance.

"Thanks man." I breathed, watching the dead man.

It wasn't the leader and I grew worried.

I turned around, wincing from a wound I sustained, while I crawled. And a shot was fired, hitting me straight on my right side. I stilled from the shooting pain. Staggering to get my balance. Blake yelled, and another shot was fired, but I didn't bloody know who did. All I know is that Blake had his hand around me.
The pain was shooting like a million nails. *Okay that didn't even cut it*.It was worse than the time I got shot by Black Pea. And all I could think at the moment was I had failed Kenya.

I didn't even know when I had my fingers on the wound. When I pulled it back up. blood covered my palm.

"Steady Levi... Someone call a fucking doctor!" Blake yelled,lowering me gently.

The floor suddenly felt cold, or did I feel cold.

“Blake...Kenya...I asked her to...I promised that I'd stay with her for..."

“Don't speak man." I heard Blake say. I drifted in and out of consciousness. I couldn't feel anything around my side. It was like I was slipping away.

I cried in pain when someone rushed to my side, pressing the wound.


Everything ceased to exist.

*****

*I open my eyes. Am not dead yet, right? I look and see corpses lying around me. Broken bodies. That nightmare again. I struggle to banish the sight. But this time it doesn't go away.*

*Dodging the bodies, I see mum. I freeze, watching her. She comes closer.I flinch.*

*“Don't be afraid, she says. I wouldn't bite." She says. I try to believe her,but I am mostly scared. Then she holds my hand and walks me through the labyrinth of bodies. I hitch my breath all the way. My eyes closed
against the carnage.*

*We soon stand in front of a very bright light. I look at the light,wondering at it.*

“*Am I to enter the light, mum?" I ask her.*


*She smiles.*

*"Yes. Because the light means you will finally open your heart again. You'd finally allow her in your heart."*

*“Allow who,mum?”I ask.*

*“Kenya.”*
###Chapter 99: Thorns...

***Kenya.***

***Thursday,following day...***

I jolted from my dream, my body drenched in sweat. A perceptible tremor passing through me. My senses, disoriented. The air was cool, yet I was covered in sweat.

Looking outside, daylight filtered in. It was fully morning. At least I didn't have to return to bed, encountering another awful dream. The same dream twice in two nights. It first occurred at 5 am yesterday.

I shifted out of bed and went to pee. Staring at the mirror.Sleep deprived and exhausted. I managed to wash for the day. Getting into a pair of grey denims black boots and a blue shirt. I grabbed a coat, a purse, my phone and left. I needed to get away from the house, before I crumbled from worry.

In the dream, Levi was dead on the floor. Blood pooled around his side and I cried in anguish, watching him there.

Then I woke up.

I was still frightened from the dream. And I wondered how I was going to survive the rest of the day, not hearing yet another word from Levi.

Since he left on Tuesday night, not a word. My calls were going straight to voicemail and even Blake's calls weren't going through. I was worried.

I drove toByron's Studio, where I was expected to meet Dave. When I got there, I met Dave inside the theater, watching rehearsals. After exchanging pleasantries, I sat by his side. We silently watched the dancers on stage.
“You look awful? Hubby didn't let you sleep.”

If it wasn't for the tease in his voice, I could have sworn he was serious.

"No,just stressed from the reopening thing." I lied. He finally spared me a look. It was assessing. I shifted my gaze away, preferring to watch the dancers.

"What performance is this for?" I asked, pushing for distraction. He was silent for a moment, before he replied.

"The Ball of Venice." He faced the dancers.

"An original?" I asked, seeing that the dancers imitated a ball. Exotic masks on their faces. "It looks interesting.” I commented.

"It is. One of the dancers brought the idea. Am thinking of making him a plot writer." His gaze still lingered on the stage.

I wondered if he had settled things with Odette and his nephew. I and Andrea hadn't had time to discuss it since the preparations for the school intensified.

I turned to watch the dancers, liking the set up. The intrigue of being masked in a ball. I had never attended a masked party before and the idea suddenly became intriguing.

“Do you think I should scrape the idea of the kids performing for the opening and let it just be an adults ball, masked affair?" I turned to Dave.He focused his attention on me. A gleam in his eyes and I already knew he bought the idea. It was better. I didn't need the kids to be overwhelmed by the pressure of performing yet. It was clear to me that they needed time for such a performance. And Claudine had asked me to enjoy myself.
"It would be fun. I love a masked party." He intoned, smugly. There was a mischievous smile on face. I laughed at his tone,seeing a playful side to Dave.

"So, what did you need me for?" I asked. I found this a distraction from my dream. I glanced at my phone; still no call from Levi. Not even a text.

"There is a performance coming up in December. I wanted you to get a few students auditioned for the role, so we finally select ten. Five boys and five girls. They will be the little fairies in the show." He informed me.

I stared at him in disbelief.

*Wow. Our first collaboration as partners.*

This was incredible. I was speechless. My heart fluttered in my chest from the excitement.

Trying to act all professional, so he wouldn't notice my excitement,I nodded.

"When am I to begin the auditions?" I turned to look at him. He pulled out a folder from a seat beside himn, handing it to me. I stared at it.

“This is a schedule of all the work involved for the show. The title is thorns. It is an act about a fairy princess, who marries a rich count. You'd like the story." Dave smiled.

I nodded in understanding. The file equally held legal documents that will protect the kids. I was happy that he had considered that. I hadn't even expected him to pout it into consideration this soon.

We finished up with the meeting and I left.
I arrived my office at J'aime and pulled up my emails; handling themn.I sent one to Katie.

***To K.Williams:***

***I have some documents here that will need your immediate attention.

Will send it once I'm done with them.***

I checked for any email from Levi, and couldn't hide my disappointment,when I found none. I was really worried.

Nonetheless, I opened the last thread of our conversation.


***To L. Ruthford:***

I had no subject. I chewed inside my cheek. My eyes flicking to the opened file that Dave had given me. Thorns was spelt out as the title head of the show.


***Subject: Thorns.***

***There are currently thorns in my flesh. Stinging, biting. They hurt,to the point I can't concentrate on work. I am restless. Am sad. And do you know why? Because I can't hear or see you. You are my everything,Levi.I miss and love you. Please be okay.***

I hit the send button and watched it go. It didn't feel so bad anymore,now that I sent the message. I only hoped he responded soon. Whatever business trip he was on, must be really important for him to be silent this long.

Forcing my mind to focus on the rest of my day, I began attending to the legal matters first, so Katie could finish up.
*Please be okay Levit, I prayed.
###Chapter 100: Mud...

***Kenya.***

***April 30th. Five Years Earlier...***


Prom was finally here!

I had no date. I wanted one, but he wouldn't have accepted me. He was too good for me. Alec Cruso, the only boy I would have wanted tonight.

His shining blonde hair, his intense blue eyes. Not to talk of his beautiful mouth that was suited for him. From a wealthy family, he wasn't cut out for me. He was for girls like Daisy Henshaw. I heard whispers they were to be Prom King and Queen.

"Sparkles, show your corsage." I heard Amanda say.

I looked at her and recalled we were taking photos.She and mum had their phones clicking. My friend, Cleo, rolled her wheelchair closer to me.I adjusted myself on my haunches for her, so we could take a perfect shot.

We were both dressed beautifully for the occasion. Me in a white rhine stone covered dress, my hair in a bun. Cleo in a pretty blue dress. Our gloves matching.

Mum couldn't be happier. She had this big, contagious smile on her face.Cleo's big brother honked the car outside and we rushed to go meet him.He was our driver for tonight.

Chester was in his second year in college and he had changed tremendously. Now more responsible and mature; I admired him. I was like his sister.
“Buckle up ladies. Your carriage is off!” He announced,excitedly.

We laughed. I felt like a princess, even with my uncertainty about tonight.I just wanted to have fun.

I asked Chester to play 'Girls just wanna have fun.'

Willingly, he connected his phone and we sang, including Chester.

When we arrived the party, Chester and I helped Cleo down the car ramp,before he headed off. Promising to pick us early.

Strolling into the party like the other kids, we were fascinated by the sight.Everyone dressed gorgeously for the party. All transformed. The entire hall,lit. Decorations, snacks and drinks. Loud music. Even the chaperones looked extremely excited. I couldn't even recognize most of us.

Sitting with Cleo, I watched as the girls and boys danced to the music. She and I were wallflowers, sitting with our ilk. Gazing at the candy store from outside.

I envied the girls, who had dates. Looking very happy, and radiant. I forced myself to recall mum's advice about enjoying the night, but it didn't work. It was like a bone was lodged in my throat,watching the others having undiluted fun. Humiliation stung me. Tears threatened to spill and I didn't want that. Cleo would feel bad.

I turned, catching her eyes on me.

"You look sad." Cleo muttered. I shook my head, feigning cheerfulness.

"Am fine,Cleo. I just need some air." I already regretted sayingthat.The disappointment on her face was noticeable. It was like I regretted being with her.
“Am sorry Cleo. It's just that it hurts, being invincible." I hastily added.

I saw pain in her eyes, but she managed a smile.

Cleo transferred to our school in 11th grade. She never spoke of the school and I never asked. We became friends soon after. Our bond developed from our shared pain.

“Go have that air, Ken. I'll fill you in on who worn King and Queen.”She smiled, wanly. I nodded and did as she said. Struggling to control my excitement of walking away from the lively hall.

Each step that took me closer to the main exit, released the tightness in my throat. I heard students cheering excitedly as I brushed past. However,
I ignored them. The clicking of my shoes, echoing through the halls. I reached outside, the coolness of the night, soothing my flaming face.

Finding a spot, I sat down, staring absently. ThenI broke into tears.Suddenly wishing my diary was with me. It was my personal companion that I could tell everything. All my personal secrets.

I highlighted my phone to call Amanda, so she could distract me. But I knew mum would be broken, if she discoveed my distress. I slipped my phone back in my purse, trying to hold back my pain. The breeze picked up,chilling me.

"You should be inside." I heard behind me. I sharply turned to Alec staring at me. All handsome, perfect. It seemed he had his hair freshly trimmed. His blue tux hugging him perfectly. I controlled myself from ogling him. Alec was here in the flesh, talking to me.

He had never talked to me before. I didn't even know how to respond.

“I...I...”
“I'm Alec Cruso. We were in the same class. Graduating together." He teased,coming to sit beside me. He spotted a cute dimple on his right cheek. I managed a smile.

“I'm Kenya...”

"I know who you are." He pointed out. My insides fluttered. I grew shy.Alec surprised me by shrugginghis shoulders off his jacket and covering me with it. His smell was enchanting. Earthy, spicy and fruity. I gave him a tentative smile, before I turned away. Suddenly wondering how he knew I was here.

“How did you know I was here?” I asked, curious. It was still a surprise that he was with me. He paused briefly.

"I was with the guys inside, when you rushed past. I found that strange."His eyes remained on me.

I didn't know how to respond. All through high school, we never said a word to each other. I had a terrible crush on him. Now he noticed I existed.

Just as I was about to give him a rejoinder, a voice disdainfully interrupted us.

"You filthy mud! How dare you wear my boyfriend's jacket?!”

Alec and I turned in time to see a furious Daisy, her friends matching towards us. I hastily got up, alarmed. But before I could say anything in my defense, Daisy picked up dirt and threw it on the front of my dress.

I looked down at my dress. Ruined. My prom night was ruined.