###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 1
Chapter 1
Avery’s POV 
I had agreed to sleep with my boyfriend Ryan for the first time tonight, on our first Mating Day. 
When I flung the door to his room open, I saw him looking all sexy and naked like I imagined. 
But with another woman on top of him. 
My younger half sister, Zara. 
“What the-” I froze in his doorway. 
Zara was straddling Ryan, facing me. When she spotted me, she smirked and moaned, dipping her head to nip at Ryan’s neck. 
“Oh yes. Just like that!” she said, breathing in his ear. Ryan grunted and lifted her up to roll over on top of her. 
My stomach flipped. I felt like I was going to throw up. 
Then Ryan noticed me and froze. “Avery,” he breathed. 
Guilt flushed across his face, but his hands didn’t leave Zara’s hips. The room was silent for a moment. 
“Zara and I just found out we were fated mates,” Ryan’s words hammered into my heart. 
Fated Mate. 
On Mating Days, werewolves over 19 could smell and recognize their fated mates. 
The attraction between fated mates is irresistible. They can trigger each other into heat just from smelling each other at a distance. Once fated mates find each other, they will mate and mark each other, forming a resilient bond of intertwined attraction that lasts their whole lives. 
The only way to resist a fated mate was to mark a chosen mate before you met your fated one. That’s what Ryan and I wanted to do tonight on our first Mating Day. 
I knew I would never get a fated mate because my wolf seemed dormant. When everyone started to shift into their wolf form and communicate with their wolf, I got nothing. 
I could feel my wolf there back in my mind, though. No one believed what I said, so it became a joke amongst my bullies, especially from my sister Zara’s little group. 
“Wolfless freak.” 
“Pathetic human liar.” 
They would say these words to my face, believing that I was too weak to fight back without a wolf within. 
And yet, I was with Ryan, the Alpha heir. He did his best to protect me; we both believed we were meant to be together. 
So tonight, on Mating Day, Ryan and I planned to mate and mark each other, so he could protect me forever. 
He had been the only light in my life. 
But now he was taken by Zara. 
How could Moon Goddess treat me like this? 
“You choose Zara? Knowing she has been my bully for so long?” A sob was lodged in my throat, but I refused to let it out. 
I hated that my voice shook as I stared into his eyes. The eyes of the man whom I’d thought was the love of my life. The man I was going to give myself to, tonight. I’d even worn secret lingerie under my coat to mark the special occasion. 
Now Ryan looked like he wanted to apologize. A flash of regret crossed his handsome face. 
Zara snaked one arm around his neck and yanked him closer to her, smirking at me from the bed. 
Ryan clenched his jaw, “Fated mates make each other stronger, Avery.” 
“So I was nothing to you?” The sob tore loose. 
“Ave–” Ryan’s face softened, and he started to rise away from Zara, reaching one hand towards me. 
Zara reached up and intertwined her fingers with his, stopping his gesture. Her eyes gleamed at me from under her dark lashes. 
“Ryan, Mating Day is the best time to have the strongest Alpha heir with your fated one…” She arched her naked body up into him. 
Ryan swallowed, leaning back down to nuzzle at Zara’s neck. 
I could see the yellow flash of wolf in his eyes. When he looked back up at me, the man I had known was gone. Only coldness remained. 
“Get lost now, human,” Ryan’s wolf growled past me. 
Tears streamed down my face. I suppressed my sobs as I ran out and darted down the hidden trails into the old forest. 
Where could I go? 
There was only one spot I knew was safe, the place I always turned to when I needed to heal myself. 
A quiet little pond hidden in the woods. 
The water shimmered faintly under the moonlight. I settled at the edge, knees pulled to my chest, letting the cool moss beneath me soften the weight I carried. 
I could hear the rasp of my breathing, thick with the tears in my throat. 
Slowly, the sounds of the night filtered in. The breeze in the trees, and the rustling of leaves across the ground. 
Then I heard a different, most sinister sound. The distant howl of wolves. 
Of course. Tonight was the Full Mating Moon. The rogue hordes of unruly, unmated wolves would be more agitated on this night. 
While it was unlikely anyone would find me here, it also wasn’t safe. I needed to get back to the pack town. 
I wiped my tears on my sleeve and was about to rise to my feet to head back when I smelled something, delicious and intoxicating. 
A ripple of heat rushed through my body from the base of my spine to my fingertips. Desire slammed into my body, washing over me and leaving me breathless. 
What was this? 
I breathed deeply again. I needed more of whatever that was. My body craved it with every nerve and fiber. 
While I was lost in the hazy, distracting sensation, I suddenly realized that this might be…the mating heat? 
How is that possible? I thought my wolf was dormant. 
No matter what it is, I need to go home now. 
There was danger nearby, and I had no mate – not even a chosen one anymore – to share this heat with. 
I shook my head, trying to clear the dizzying sensation. I managed to rise to my feet and started to make my way home, but the intoxicating smell kept coming towards me and getting stronger, as if it was coming from someone running towards me. 
Was this what was triggering me into heat? 
“Lads, look what we’ve found,” a low voice suddenly spoke from the tree-line. “A female wolf in heat.” 
I whirled to face the man who stepped into the clearing. He was tall and lean. His face bore the stubble of a few days unshaven. 
More strangers stepped from the trees. They wore rough denim and leather. Knives and nets hung from their belts. 
They smelled sweaty, almost blocking the delightful smell from earlier. 
They must be Rogues! I realized with horror. 
“Looking for something, pretty?” a flash of teeth in the dark beneath dark, shadowed pits for eyes. 
“No, I was just leaving,” I could hear my voice shaking. 
“Why leave? If you’re looking for a mate-” the man inhaled a shuddering breath, sniffing the air pointedly, “and it certainly smells like you are… then I’m sure we have several young bucks who would be willing to help, right lads?” 
Murmured approval rose. They were fanning out behind me now, cutting off my escape. 
“G-Get away from m-me,” I tried to growl. “I don’t w-want you!” 
Another man laughed. “Looks like we got ourselves a feisty one, lads.” 
The man lunged forward. I felt his fingers snatch at the hem of my coat, yanking me backwards towards him. 
Tears started to well in my eyes as he grabbed at me. 
“LEAVE HER ALONE!” 
A voice cracked through the air like thunder. That intoxicating scent that had triggered my heat immediately enveloped me.
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 2
Chapter 2
Avery’s POV 
One of the rogues scoffed without even looking at who was behind him. “Back off, lad. Go find your own girl—” 
“Wait. He’s not…” another stammered. 
The rogues all turned their attention to the man behind them. 
I saw a figure, all in black, standing there. His height and broad shoulders emanated strength and power. 
He looked even stronger than Ryan, who was already a strong Alpha, but I couldn’t see his face in the dark. 
“I said, leave her alone. Don’t make me say it a third time,” the man warned the rogues again. 
“Shit, let’s go-,” The rogues stumbled back, muttering curses, and then fled away. 
And then there was silence. 
Now I was alone with him. From here, I could sense that he was in heat as well. I felt drawn to him like a moth to flame. 
For one second, warning bells blared in my mind. Had I traded one pack of predators for an even more dangerous one? 
Then he started walking towards me. With every step, the intoxicating smell became heavier, luring me in as we drew closer to each other. 
“Mine,” The stranger said while his arms slid around my waist, sending bolts of honeyed lightning down my spine. 
I swallowed hard. He was irresistible. 
My fingers scrabbled at his forearms, but the heat of him as he pulled me against him… Oh my goodness. 
My pulse still pounded, but now it pounded in time with his heartbeat. 
I found myself clinging to his shoulders instead of pushing him away. 
One of his hands stroked from my waist up my side and came to rest on the side of my neck. 
Then he tilted my face towards the moon, his mouth claiming mine in a searing thunderclap. 
What a kiss! I gasped, and parted my lips to let him take more of me. 
Static frizzed across my nerves as his mouth and tongue claimed mine. 
No one has ever kissed me like this! 
Time stuttered past in gasps of breath and heat. 
His lips and hands dragged wildfire across my skin, and lower. 
I squirmed as his hands parted my clothing, and then moaned as he sank his fingers between my legs where my core was wet and ready. 
Already we had leaped past anything I had ever done with Ryan. 
I found I didn’t care. There was only this man. Only he mattered now. 
The moon above danced in my vision as I lost myself in the haze of pleasure and sensation. 
I couldn’t get enough of him. Nothing had ever felt better. No one had ever touched me like this… 
I was liquid moonlight in his arms as he undressed me in the darkness. 
I unbuttoned his clothing, wanting his skin against mine. 
His mouth ran across my body like he was worshipping me. The sounds he made as he touched me everywhere was lavish praise. 
“Mine.” He repeated in a growl, stroking my skin and listening to my pleasured cries as he moved behind me. 
His hands were all over me, and I felt him pushing at my entrance. I spread myself further for him, I needed him so badly. The mating heat had set me aflame. 
Then he was inside me. 
Taking me. 
Pleasure crescendoed within me, somewhere a wolf howled. 
We rested against each other after our first joining. He was strong and searingly hot as I leaned back on his chest and he slowly continued to move inside of me, our bodies locked together. 
He pressed soft kisses to the top of my head, and then we found our passion again, mating again and again. 
When we finally separated, it was only so that I could mount him from the top this time. 
He kissed along my jaw as his hands grasped my hips and lifted me onto his lap while he entered me. I rocked my hips against him, feeling him deep inside of me. 
His nails scratched down my back as he made sounds of approval beneath me. 
I rode him fervently. 
He leaned up so his mouth claimed mine while his hands caressed every part of me, and he murmured sweet, prayerful praises into my skin. 
I felt treasured and beautiful under his admiration. 
Then he flipped me onto my back and plunged into me vigorously, claiming my lips with his. 
When his head sank to my neck again, there was a sudden stinging of pain, followed by more pleasure. 
I felt like I was going to explode with sensation as he thrust into me. We moved together in a final climax and exploded together, crying out in dual, synchronous orgasms. 
I didn’t know who he was, but in the throes of heat, I didn’t care. He was perfect. 
I was his. He was mine. We fit together perfectly. 
That was all that mattered. 
I woke in the dewy grass in pre-dawn darkness. 
My stranger lay behind me, cradling me in his strong arms. 
I couldn’t see his face in the shadows, but I traced the contours of his jaw with my fingers, gently. 
Who are you? I wondered. Whoever he is, he’s massively strong. 
I couldn’t believe my first mating had been with a rogue in the forest. It was hard to feel regret when it had felt so good. 
“Thank you for protecting me.” I whispered against his sleeping cheek, “And thank you for showing me pleasure.” 
I slowly pulled myself away from him and dressed, wincing at sore muscles and other places that were tender after what we’d done. I blushed a bit at the memory. It had been lovely, but now it would be a secret treasure I kept for myself, forever. 
As dawn rose over the forest, I carefully left without waking him up. 
I returned home as quickly as possible. 
I could hear my family chatting loudly in the living room as I tried to slink silently down the hallway to my room. 
“The Alpha’s heir is quite the catch, Zara,” my father was saying with a pride he never showed for me. 
“Think of the prestige this will bring to our daughter!” my step-mom exalted. She had been the one who had called me a liar, accusing me of pretending to have a wolf and encouraging others to bully me. 
You would think my father as Gamma, the military coordinator for our pack, would have seen this as an affront to his family. 
Instead, he had loathed me for bringing that negative attention home. He blamed me for what he saw as the loss of our family’s prestige. 
While they all seemed distracted by celebrating Zara’s mating with Ryan, I snuck up the stairs to my room. 
Thankfully, no one seemed to have noticed that I’d been gone all night. 
I was a mess from spending the night making love on the forest floor, and I needed a shower badly. 
When I undressed, I gasped at the sight of a bite-mark on my neck. 
How could he mark me? 
If anyone saw this mark, I would be ruined. 
To be marked by a strange rogue from outside our pack without our Alpha’s consent was considered treason. I needed to hide it. 
With a bang, the door to the bathroom flew open. 
“Didn’t know you got home already, human.” Zara stepped into the room with glee. 
I tried desperately to hide the mark on my neck with my hand, but she noticed the movement. 
“What are you hiding?” Zara strode across the room and pulled my arm down roughly. 
“A mating mark!” She laughed cruelly. 
“Dad! Mom!” Zara shouted to the living room downstairs. 
“Please Zara, no!” I pleaded. 
“The pathetic human got marked by someone, and she dared to hide it from us!”
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 3
Chapter 3
Avery’s POV 
“What the hell-” my father cursed as he stomped up the stairs. 
My father and stepmother burst into the room. I tried to back away as they advanced on me in the small space. 
Zara snatched at my arm and whirled me around so that the bite was more visible in the light. 
My father took a look at the bite mark, stunned. 
“This mark looks like it was left by a strong wolf,” he muttered incredulously. “Who marked you?” 
When Zara and her mother heard the word ‘strong’, they stared at me with stunned and dirty looks. 
I didn’t want to answer, could barely believe it myself, but I had learned to speak when spoken to in this house. 
“I don’t know.” I whispered. 
“Where is he then?” His voice rose to a bellow. 
“Probably still by the pond in the forest, but I’m not sure….” 
“I bet he just ran off,” Zara sneered, “I told you, a human like you would never be wanted by anyone.” 
The first kick from my father caught me off guard. My father was quite a strong Gamma, and I immediately fell to the ground on the other side of the room. 
“How dare you say you know nothing after being marked!” my father bellowed. “I should’ve never accepted you into my family. I knew you’re just destined to be a lowly whore like your mom!” 
The second kick descended swiftly as I yelped and curled like a worm on the ground. 
“This is the gratitude I get for raising you!” 
I teared up thinking about my mother. 
My mother is just a normal servant in my pack. She accidentally slept with my father while he was drunk and conceived me. 
My father, as the gamma of the pack, never wanted a servant like her. So he angrily announced that she’d seduced him, and she was demoted to work as an omega slave in our pack. 
The old Alpha, out of mercy, asked him to at least keep me and raise me in his family. 
I was almost never permitted to see my mother, but I remembered her kindness when I sneaked a few chances to visit. 
“Avery should be demoted to a slave too, just like her mom, since she is a slut who got herself marked and abandoned.” Zara suggested to her father. 
Zara had long hated that I was Ryan’s girlfriend, wanting him instead for herself. Now I suppose she had gotten what she’d wished for. 
“No daughter of mine will be a slave!” my father hissed. “First wolf-less, now this! I can’t let you tread on my honor as the pack’s Gamma anymore.” 
I flinched away from his kicks, but had long ago learned not to run. It would only make him angrier. I could feel my back welting under his blows. 
Finally, he slowed down, breathing heavily. He leaned towards me, roughly gripping my jaw in his hand and stared for a long moment at the mark on my neck. 
Then a cunning and cruel expression crept over his face. 
“At the mating ball, find a man who will accept you, marked slut,” my father growled. His fingers bruised my face with the force of his grip, “and if you do not, then it will be my duty to remove you from this world.” 
He had threatened to kill me before, but this time I could see in his flat stare that he meant it. 
A knot of ice formed at the base of my spine. Fear and panic warred with outrage and anger within me. 
I could not outrun him. I could not fight him. I had nowhere to go. 
And the mating ball…… 
Our Silvermoon Pack had a tradition of intermarriage with Nightwolf Pack. 
The Nightwolf Alpha must pick a wife from Silvermoon in every three generations and vice versa. 
This particular mating ceremony was to be held for the young and unmated Nightwolf Alpha, Gideon, to choose a wife. 
The rest of werewolves from both packs would participate and mingle to see if they too could find suitable matches. 
It should be a fun time, but everyone was nervous about it instead. 
Because Alpha Gideon was a cold-blooded murderer. 
It was said that he had wiped a dozen packs from the face of the earth, their survivors scattered and packless. 
In contrast, Silvermoon’s Alpha was old and weakening. 
I didn’t think anyone in a strong and cold-blooded pack like his would want me. A dormant and marked wolf. 
“You will leave this house for a husband, or you will leave it on a slab.” my father punctuated his final statement with a backhand across my cheek that sent me reeling into the wall, and then left the room. 
Gideon’s POV 
I woke from the best dream of my life to find my mate was gone. 
At first, I didn’t worry. I had marked her, she couldn’t get too far. 
But when I tried to reach out to her through our bond, all I got was a muted dead-end. 
How is that possible? 
My memories of the night before were so vivid. It hadn’t been a dream. 
Mate. My wolf had said. We’d caught the delicious scent of her, drifting to me on the forest breeze. 
The joy I’d felt at knowing I was about to meet my mate. Nothing could have kept me from her! 
I had run miles through that forest to get to where she was. 
Then I saw her surrounded by rogue filth, and they were trying to take her from me! 
The frenzy that awoke in me when my wolf realized our fated mate was in danger was lethal. 
I had chased them away, which was better than they’d deserved. They had offered no real challenge to my wolf’s dominance. 
I had found her. Claimed her. Mated her. 
The wolf-sense had overwhelmed all others. Every fiber of my being demanded I mark her properly. Make her mine, forever. 
I sunk my fangs into her neck when my wolf released enough pheromones to make sure she couldn’t feel the pain. 
That mark should have been indelible. I should have been able to follow it for miles. 
Now the bond connection dissipated as though it had never existed, and so had her intoxicating scent. 
The worst thing was that we’d mated in the darkness, and I didn’t even know what she looked like yet. 
My wolf had been pacing impatiently at the back of my mind. Restless and concerned. 
I searched the area for a while longer, then went home and recalled my Beta, Tegan, to my office immediately. 
I explained the situation and asked him to find my marked fated mate. 
Tegan was surprised to find out I’d marked someone last night. 
My Beta cleared his throat, “What will you do if you find her? This mating ball with Silvermoon is an unbreakable tradition.” 
Knowing he was right only made his words more distasteful to my ears. 
“I’ll just pick a woman who wants to be my Luna nominally, but I will only mark, want, and love my true mate. I will make that clear before anyone dares to volunteer.” 
I would never honor an arranged marriage while the woman who was my fate mate remained a mystery.
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 4
Chapter 4
Avery’s POV 
A few days later I stood in front of my mirror. I pulled my nightshirt away from where my shoulder met my neck. 
My bite mark was already healed. 
That was remarkably fast. 
I touched the smooth skin in disbelief. 
There was now no visible indication of what had happened under the Mating Moon. I knew the mark was still there, but it was sealed inside and invisible to others. 
If only I could reach out and find the man who had mated with me! However, since my wolf was dormant, I also could not sense my mate through the bond. 
I had no way to find him, or communicate with him. I didn’t even know what he looked like! 
Today was the Mating Ball where the Nightwolf Alpha would choose his mate. 
I needed to find someone to accept me by the end of today, or my father would kill me to save face. 
It felt like an impossible task. 
A commotion rose from down below, and I lifted my head from my knees, listening. 
“Alpha Gideon is about to arrive!” I heard my step-mother snap. 
“Finish the preparations.” Zara’s tone was tense and fearful. 
Alpha Gideon was not someone anyone would mess with. 
I pressed my hand over my heart, feeling it thud against my palm. I could hear it clearly in the silence of my dusty, still, bedroom. 
It was time for me to leave, but when I stood and tried to leave my room, the door lock clicked loudly. 
From the other side, I heard Zara laughing. 
“No one want you anyway. You might as well just wait for death, dear sister!” 
Gideon’s POV 
Being Alpha of Nightwolf pack means dealing with a large amount of bureaucratic bullshit. 
Tradition was a venerable word that sometimes felt more like a venomous curse. I had long ago learned to face uncomfortable duties head-on. 
Still, there were few obligations I despised more than this one to which I was headed. 
It was the day of the mate selection. 
I had done my best to distract myself from the distasteful task to come. Spread across the leather seat next to me were thick dossiers detailing the most recent reports on attacks throughout my territory. The ledger in my hands detailed my commands for troop movements, and where to place our scouts as the dangerous time of the dark moon approached. 
Paperwork, unfortunately, was not enough to occupy my mind these days. 
As my driver guided the sleek sedan through the dense woods, I watched swirls of mist rise above the trees. Thick bands of vapor arced up towards the distant sun and shattered into smaller puffs, drifting down the valley into which we were descending. 
The motion reminded me of a woman, arching her back in pleasure off of the forest floor beneath me. She too, had shattered and disappeared. 
“Still no sign of that girl from that night?” I snapped. It came out more harshly than I intended, and my Beta sitting across from me widened his eyes in surprise. 
“Apologies, Alpha.” Tegan replied carefully, “No new marked women have been reported in any pack I searched.” 
I tapped my fingers on the seat and frowned. Within me, my wolf was pacing in aggravation. 
“Keep finding her. At all cost.” 
Tegan flinched at my response but said nothing as the car rolled to a stop at the Silvermoon ceremony hall. Behind us in the drive, more vehicles from my pack parked behind us. 
I stepped out of the car, and straightened my jacket. There was a group of women standing near the door, eying me appreciatively. 
Their scents were all shouting a mix of curiosity and fear. I saw a few dive out of my line of sight to avoid attracting my attention. Didn’t they know that motion is what attracts predators’ attention? 
Foolish. 
I knew why they were running though. I had heard what the other packs said about me, and the things I had done. 
I couldn’t care less. 
But with my scary reputation, it was more difficult to believe that some of their cheeks were flushing already. I guess there were always lunatics who would take any risk if it meant a chance at power and status. 
I spared no more attention to any of them while I strode towards where the old Alpha of Silvermoon was waiting. 
“Alpha Gideon.” the old Alpha nodded his head in greeting over our clasped forearms. “I am honored to welcome you to this hall.” 
“Alpha Leon.” I nodded brusquely in return, suddenly weary of these formalities. “I understand there was a rogue incursion here a few nights ago. I encountered some of them as well. Have you been able to make any way into locating them? It seems to be originating somewhere near your borders.” 
The old man’s face took on a distant, wary expression. 
“Oh, well now, let’s see.” Alpha Leon cast his rheumy gaze around the room, as though the answers were written on the far wall. “No, we haven’t located that. We’ve had some other incidents that have required our focus.” 
Something in his tone gave me the distinct impression the rogue issue hadn’t featured in his attention at all, much less been the center of his focus. 
Irritation bubbled up within me with all the subtlety of a geyser. 
“Then I suggest you focus on that,” I ground out, “and stop causing trouble that I will have to clean up.” 
Silence fell over the ceremony hall. To the side, I saw Tegan’s lips twitch. He knew how much I was leaving unsaid. Alpha Leon was lucky he’d only gotten a taste of my temper. 
Even if I caused him to lose face in his pack, I couldn’t bring myself to feel sorry about it. 
If his pack had been patrolling properly, my mate would not have been almost attacked. My wolf might be less angry, and I might not need to claim her right there in the forest to calm my wolf. 
If my wolf was patient enough to take her back to my packhouse, I wouldn’t have let her just run away the next morning. 
The awkward moment passed, and formalities resumed, but I had already checked out. I moved through the greetings and hospitality traditions – my mind miles away. The sooner I got out of here, the sooner I could resume my search for her. 
In the middle of what felt like an endless parade of Silvermoon’s eligible mates, one of the men in the crowd approached. 
“I’m Cohen, the Gamma of the pack, Alpha Gideon,” He said. “I am responsible for organizing this mating ball. You have been shown all the daughters of our highest ranking families. Which matches are you most interested in so far?” 
Everyone went quiet in the room. I could sense expectation, fear and curiosity bubbling from the crowd. 
I glanced at all the girls in the room and crossed my arms. No big difference. 
“I don’t really care. Anyone will do. Before I take volunteers, however, you need to know-” I paused. “I won’t mark anyone I choose today. Prepared for that…” 
“But the tradition-” Alpha Leon hesitated. 
“The tradition doesn’t force me to mark anyone. Just marriage,” I cut his words before he could finish. “I have a marked mate already.” 
Now the room was filled with apprehension and wary glances. 
I guess no one wanted to be picked under these conditions, by an Alpha known to be ruthless and a mistress to compete with in the future. 
I was glad. It was better if no one volunteered anyways. 
“So anyone will do,” I turned to the Gamma who spoke to me earlier. “Maybe your daughter?” 
“Oh-, She-uh-she’s mated to Ryan already. So-” The gamma clearly panicked and stuttered. 
“Father, how could you forget about Avery?” One of the girls walked to the front and turned around to face me. “Alpha Gideon, I’m Zara, the Gamma daughter of the pack. Forgive my father for neglecting to mention that I also have a sister.” 
“She admires you a lot, but she isn’t here because she hasn’t been feeling well lately. Maybe you’d like to meet her?” she continued, but there was something to her smile that made me feel like she was scheming something vicious. 
Still, all women except my fated mate were all the same to me. 
“Fine. Bring her to me.”
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 5
Chapter 5
Avery’s POV 
The key turning in my door seemed obscenely loud. 
When Zara stepped in, her face bore a haughty and pleased expression. My stomach sank. This wouldn’t be good. 
“Lucky you. You get to live a little longer.” She informed me, dumping a pile of clothing onto the bed. “Your marriage has been decided.” 
So. They had found some unlucky but obliging wolf to foist me onto. 
I tried to stir up an emotion, but all I felt was relief that I wasn’t going to die. 
Until she told me who it was. 
“You will marry Alpha Gideon.” Zara crowed triumphantly. 
A flare of panic raced through me. My fingers trembled where they gripped the blankets. 
It can’t be! The man is ruthless! I might as well die anyways! 
Zara looked at my pale face and laughed. 
“Oh yes, you’re the only woman he would agree to marry.” She stepped to the bed where I sat and pulled me to my feet. “Get up, Bride-to-be! It’s your lucky day!” she sneered. 
I clutched at Zara’s arm frantically as she hauled me up. 
“Zara, if he discovers that I was marked, he will kill me,” I pleaded. 
“Actually, he won’t mark you because he has a marked mate already. Who knows what happened to her! I bet you will enjoy all the drama.” My stepsister laughed in my face, “And if he still finds out you were marked, just kill yourself before he tortures you to death.” 
Zara snatched my hairbrush from my dresser and began attacking the knots in my hair. She twisted my hair up into a pile on top of my head and secured it with a clip. Then she held out a formal dress from the pile of clothing she’d brought. 
“Get dressed. Your fiancé is waiting, and he doesn’t look like a patient man.” 
When she was done preparing me I didn’t recognize the woman staring at me in the mirror. The draped shot silk of the dress clung to my body suggestively and the flashy beading and high neck of the collar sent the whole outfit into “trying too hard” territory. 
I had always preferred simple styles that weren’t so flashy. A dress like this was not something I would ever have chosen for myself. 
None of this was. 
You can feel sorry for yourself later. If you survive. 
Zara surveyed her handiwork with satisfaction. 
“Well, no one will mistake who you’re intended for.” She smirked, “Let’s go.” 
I blinked at the sunshine as we stepped out of the house. Already it felt like ages since I’d felt the sun on my face and the breeze on my skin. I would have rejoiced more in my freedom if it didn’t feel like I was headed to my funeral. 
The path to the ceremony hall was lined with members of the pack. They milled about nervously, anticipation thick in the air. I saw Lillian, a friend of mine, staring at me worriedly. 
“Avery!” Lillian rushed to my side as we passed, “Are you sure you want to do this?” she whispered. 
I was touched by her concern. Lillian was one of the few packmates who’d never judged me for not being able to summon my wolf. She had been kind, and also brought me news about my mother when she could. 
I wished I could tell her everything but that would only put her in danger as well. Although it felt like I had no true choice at all, I could choose not to endanger anyone else. 
I hugged her tightly instead, trying to put all of my gratitude and friendship into the embrace and then kept walking. She dropped back, her eyes full of questions, but she didn’t pursue me any further. 
“Smart human ” Zara laughed at me under her breath as we continued on, “keeping your mouth shut. Let the wolves do the talking, hmm?” 
A familiar man stepped into our path. Seeing his handsome figure sent a pang of ice through my heart. Maybe one day it wouldn’t hurt to look at him and remember how foolishly I’d loved and believed him. 
Ryan squared his shoulders and stared at me with disdain as we approached. 
“How quickly you’ve changed, Avery.” He said in a snide, cold voice. “It took no time at all for you to cling to another Alpha.” 
There had been a time when Ryan had claimed to care about my well being. How quickly the man I thought I knew had changed. 
And now he accused me of being false? Anger boiled under my skin at the double standard. 
“Well you would know all about betrayal.” I snapped back, “If anyone’s trust was misplaced, it was clearly mine.” 
I glanced between him and Zara, “Congratulations, you two really are perfect for each other.” 
Ryan’s jaw clenched and he looked away guiltily. I hoped he was remembering now all the times I’d shown him my loyalty. He would be lucky to get half as good from his new mate. 
Zara snorted, “Oh don’t let her fool you with that innocent bullshit. She’s no helpless victim.” 
She ran her fingers underneath the lapels of Ryan’s jacket and leaned into him to whisper, “She was so desperate to get back at you that she allowed someone else to mark her!” 
“WHAT?!” Ryan roared and reached for me. I tried to pivot away but he snatched at the high collar of my dress and yanked it roughly. 
The delicate silk and bead work was no match at all for the Alpha heir’s strength. My dress tore to my collarbone, exposing my neck. 
“Wait-, the mark is gone-” Ryan questioned. “She healed this fast?” 
Zara seemed to be surprised too, grasping my neck even harder. 
Suddenly, the pain abated, and Zara’s grip loosened. I looked up to see a large, dark form looming over us, silhouetted by the setting sun. 
Something familiar about him. 
I could not see his face at first, but his Alpha aura was menacingly palpable as he pushed Ryan and Zara away with a casual shove. 
The stranger turned to face me, and I was struck by his handsome appearance. 
I should thank him. 
“Thank yo-” I started to say, but the man cut me off. 
“So you are my chosen bride – ” His eyes narrowed. “But why did I hear something about you being marked?”
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 6
Chapter 6 
Avery’s POV 
The handsome Alpha approached, staring at my neck. His eyes were piercing daggers honing in on my skin. The very air around him rippled with intensity as he pinned me in place with a look. 
Oh shit, oh shit! 
My instincts screamed at me to run from this predator, to avoid unwanted attention. 
I was vulnerable, a specimen pinned on the path before this dangerous Alpha. 
I yanked at the ruined collar of my dress and tried to lift it around my neck. The broken strands of beads slipped off their threads and bounced across the path as they rolled away. The torn silk slid through my numb fingers and the collar parted to display my 
skin. 
“Show me.” It wasn’t a question. The Alpha’s tone conveyed that he expected obedience and was used to receiving it. Then he was in my space, mere inches away. 
“It’s n-nothing!” I protested, trying to turn away from him. I tried to cover up where the dress gaped open. 
“Lower your hand and prove it.” Gideon’s command cracked across my skin. 
My hand dropped away before I realized I was moving. His power was impressive and terrifying. 
For a long moment, we stood there. His eyes were storm-cloud dark as he stared at my skin. 
My pulse was beating so hard I was sure he could see it jumping in my neck. 
Gideon leaned closer. He inhaled deeply, as though he was trying to breathe in my scent. 
“Her skin is clear, Alpha.” Zara squeaked with relief. “She is unmarked and unclaimed. You must have misunderstood what you 
heard.” 
I allowed myself a shuddering breath. 
Even though I’d seen the mark healed earlier, it had felt like Alpha Gideon could see right through me regardless. 
Gideon’s gaze lifted from my neck to my face. His eyes flickered with suppressed emotion. Fierce eyebrows drew together in 
frustration. 
Disappointment? I wondered. It seemed like he had been expecting something… more. 
What more could he want? I wondered as he stared at me with disapproval. He was impossible to read. 
How can I marry someone who is so closed off? I wondered. And so terrifying? 
Finally, Gideon released me from that intimidating stare. 
He turned to Zara and gestured in my direction. 
“You led me to believe there was a woman here who would make a suitable wife. Instead, I’m presented with this.” He looked me up and down, mocking. 
I felt shame creeping red-hot up my cheeks. 
I didn’t ask for any of this! I thought indignantly. If only he knew how little of this situation had been within my control. 
Gideon’s scorn was palpable as he continued, “I came to honor our treaty, yet so far all Silvermoon seems to offer are melodramatic, overdressed women.” 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
His scathing words carried easily to the wolves who lingered within earshot. The group of spectators had grown once Gideon had showed up. Everyone wanted to see who was going to be chosen, though none of them wanted to be his bride. 
If I was stronger, I wouldn’t be in this situation. I thought, eyes downcast. 
I wanted to disappear into the dirt. 
I wasn’t the only one who took offense. 
“Why is she marrying him?” Ryan demanded to Zara. Compared to Gideon’s authoritative tone, Ryan seemed adolescent and emotional. 
“It’s Alpha Gideon’s choice if he wants to marry Avery or not.” Zara said snidely. “I’m sure he’ll make the right choice.” 
She tugged at Ryan’s arm to leave. 
As she passed by me she checked her shoulder into my back and knocked me off balance. 
I stumbled forward, trying to recover my footing and not let my ripped dress gape open obscenely. 
For a second the path surged up to greet me as I fell, then I was choking. 
To my shock, I realized Gideon had gripped the torn fabric around my neck and was holding me up. 
He was so fast! I hadn’t even registered he had moved. 
Gratefully, I caught my footing and straightened up. 
He must have seen what Zara did! 
Immediately, Gideon released me and wiped his hand on his shirt, as though he had touched something vile. His mouth twisted in disgust. 
Zara laughed, but shut her mouth when Gideon glared at her. 
Humiliation flooded through me. The ‘thank you’ I had been preparing faded in my throat. 
He didn’t need to treat me like I was trash. He was the one who needed to find a wife! 
“If you hate me so much, you can try to find another woman.” I snapped. 
“I’d rather not.” Gideon growled back, “Not, if they’re like your sister Zara here.” His mouth sneered in a bitter twist with the 
bite of his words. 
Over his shoulder I saw Zara’s face darken. 
Ha! It felt great to see her at the receiving end of the nasty comments for once. 
“Besides, I have a mate already.” Gideon said, matter-of-factly. “So, my requirements are very low. So low, I feel like even you could meet them easily.” 
“You don’t know anything about me.” I choked back. 
“I know all I want to.” He said, coldly. “Enough of this.” 
Gideon raised his arm and checked his watch. “I have wasted enough time already, and I have business to attend to.” 
I couldn’t believe how callously he was treating this whole exchange. He truly was the monster they claimed! 
His face was a mask of indifference as he dropped his arm and moved towards me. 
“Come with me, immediately.” he commanded firmly. 
2/3 
I balked and stepped backwards. 
“I am not ready yet!” I protested. My voice sounded high-pitched and frantic in my ears. A cold shot of fear was spiking at the base of my spine. 
This was all happening so fast, and none of it felt good. 
I knew almost nothing about this guy other than his less-than-stellar reputation for ruthless violence. 
My sense of self-preservation was screaming at me to run the other way as fast as I could. 
Gideon frowned at my hesitation. His fingers tapped impatiently on his leg. 
Those wicked brows drew even lower over that dagger-stare. 
How could someone so infuriating look so breathtaking? 
Even terrible gifts can come in beautiful packages. I reminded myself. The deadliest traps are baited with the most delicious 
lures. 
I hated that there was a part of me that wanted so badly to go with him. My survival instincts seemed to be failing me in his presence. I hated that his alpha aura effected me so potently. 
And if I didn’t go with him, my father was certain to punish me, even kill me. 
If I stayed here, I’d die. If I went with him, I would be leaving with the most infamous Alpha murderer seen in a generation. 
What if the reason his mate wasn’t around was because he’d killed her, too? 
“I have everything you need. There’s no time for delays.” Gideon reached for me once more, this time grabbing my forearm with a strong grip. It was like being held in a vise. 
Absolutely not! 
My heartbeat spiked in my ears as he touched me, panic overriding my senses. Where his hand landed on my skin felt like a jolt of electricity, exquisitely shocking. I twitched my arm out of his grasp as fiercely as I could and pushed him away. 
“I won’t marry you!” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 7
Chapter 7 
Avery’s POV 
“I won’t marry you!” My voice rang out and drew gasps from the crowd that had gathered to watch the scene. 
1 shoved at Gideon. 
It had about as much effect as if I’d shoved a brick wall. He didn’t move, but he did drop my arm roughly. 
I stared at him with a defiant expression. For a brief second, the corner of his mouth twitched upwards. His eyes swept me up and down, as though he was re-appraising me. 
Then he turned away. 
Had he seemed… pleased? His reaction threw me off and drained away some of the venom and fear I had built up for him. 
“Since you won’t marry me, it’s now your pack’s responsibility.” Gideon lifted one shoulder slightly, as though he couldn’t care less. Maybe he didn’t. 
“I have other matters to attend to.” 
He spun on his heel and began to walk down the path back towards where his pack’s entourage of cars were parked. 
A pair of wiry hands grabbed my arm. I turned to find Alpha Leon staring at me with his pale, ancient gaze. 
“Avery,” he rasped, “You must marry Gideon.” 
Since when did he care what happened to me? 
I couldn’t remember the last time the old Alpha had even bothered to look in my direction. Other than commanding my father take me in when I was a baby, he’d never been involved in my life. 
Leon had been slightly more courteous when Ryan and I had become partners, but even then I had remained solidly beneath his 
notice. 
“Marry him and complete the wedding immediately.” Leon’s fingers were leaving red marks where they pinched my skin. “We need Nightwolf’s support.” 
So now it was up to me to save this pack that had never cared whether I lived or died? 
Once they discovered my wolf wasn’t emergent, they had treated me as though I barely existed. Like I was dirt. 
“You want me to marry that? For you?” I nodded in Gideon’s direction, not caring if he was still able to hear me. “You may be my Alpha but I don’t owe you that.” 
Around us, the crowd murmured loudly, stunned at my insolence. I thought I saw Lillian among them, the sole person nodding 
approval. 
Alpha Leon’s eyes turned steely and he lowered his voice, but that didn’t stop the menace I heard beneath his words. 
“I think you will find you owe more than you think. When Ryan advocated for you these last few years, certain concessions were 
made.” 
“Concessions?” I scoffed, “Because my life was made so easy here?” 
“Not for you, foolish lass,” Alpha Leon’s smile was cold as ice, “for your mother.” 
I whipped my head up to find Ryan standing a few feet away. Had he really advocated for my mother while he and I had been together? 
“Oh yes,” Leon followed my gaze, “and now that Zara is his mate, there is no reason for your mother’s treatment to continue to 
1/2 
be… uh… so unusually lenient for one of her low rank and station.” 
My mother had long ago been relegated to the rank of omega servant for having conceived me with my father. I had been kept away from her since I was a child. My friend Lillian brought me news and occasional messages from her when she could. 
I had no idea that Ryan had tried to make her life easier while he and I were together. 
Now, Alpha Leon’s threat rang clear. If I didn’t marry Gideon, he would take it out on my mother. 
Once I am married, I will find a safe place for my mother and bring her to Nightwolf to stop her from having to endure the threats of toothless old men like Leon. I made the promise to myself as angry tears welled in my eyes. 
No matter what happened to me, I would not allow them to harm those I loved. 
“Curse you.” I spat at Leon’s feet and ran down the path after Gideon. 
The Nightwolf Alpha barely glanced at me as I fell in step with him. 
When we got to the car, he opened the door and gestured for me to climb inside. He climbed in the other side and the driver slowly pulled the car away from the only home I’d ever known. 
Gideon stared out the window, barely looking at me. 
My head and heart were still reeling from Alpha Leon’s threats. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 8
Chapter 8 
I needed to ensure I married this man soon, before Leon decided I wasn’t holding up my end of the bargain and hurt my mother. 
“Will…the wedding happen immediately?” I tried to keep my voice casual. 
Gideon’s face swiveled towards me. He stared at me with that unreadable stare, silent and waiting. 
“Just…. if it was soon…” I needed to ask if my mother could come live with me. I needed to remove her from Silvermoon Pack’s jaws before I could work on staging my own escape. 
My question died in my throat as Gideon frowned. He gave a sharp, quick shake of his head. 
“The wedding is still far off.” He said coldly, “Less than an hour ago you refused to marry me. Stay in line.” 
I lowered my head, staring at my hands in my lap. It was going to be hard to ask for any favors if he thought I was still going to fight him. I needed to bide my time a bit longer and try and get on his good side. 
Does he even have a good side? I wondered. So far, every angle of him seemed sharp, deadly… and sexy, my brain helpfully supplied. 
Frustrated, I sighed. Being in close proximity to Gideon set every sense I had on edge. 
Sitting here, across from each other, I felt like I was in tune with his every breath and movement. It didn’t make any sense, feeling this hyperaware of someone I’d just met. 
He terrified me, and yet I felt drawn to him. 
Gideon heard my sigh and his perpetual frown deepened, “You should know, I’m only marrying someone for the title of Luna. Don’t expect to use that title for any personal gain, and don’t worry about my needs for women. My life won’t change because of you.” 
It must be nice to be able to so casually declare that someone is merely filling a role in your life. To be able to use someone like you would a tool. 
So he gets to use me, but I’m not allowed to use him. Got it. I thought, bitterly. What a complete jerk. 
Having solidly let me know where I stood, we rode the rest of the way to the Nightwolf territory in silence. 
The turnoff from the main road wound back and forth through lengthening twilight shadows and forested hills. When the Nightwolf village came into view, rising out of the dusk, I was struck by how beautifully it appeared maintained. 
Silvermoon had always had a haphazard appearance. My pack’s buildings popped up here and there with no forethought or planning. 
In contrast, Nightwolf was neither rigid nor messy. Instead, paths and buildings rose from the landscape organically. 
Warm lights illuminated the main paths through town. It made the whole place look inviting and cozy. I had expected something cold and detached, like rigid barracks or straight grid-like streets. 
Instead, Nightwolf Pack seemed… Organized? Well-cared for. Harmonized. 
As Gideon opened my door and offered his hand for me to climb out, I considered that perhaps my original appraisal of him as a thoughtless tyrant had been off the mark. 
Nothing about his home appeared thoughtless. 
But what does that mean? That his rudeness is as calculated as it is cruel? Isn’t that even worse? 
A family of four was waiting outside the door of a large stone building that appeared to be both home and center of operations. An older couple and a young man and woman stepped forward to greet me as I approached. All of them bore a resemblance to 
1/2 
Gideon. 
“Welcome to Nightwolf!” The young woman greeted cheerily, embracing me. “I should have known my brother would choose the prettiest she-wolt Silvermoon had to offer.” 
Off to the side, Gideon scowled. 
She was very kind to give me such a compliment, despite my disheveled appearance. But then, she had to. Given the terms of the ancient agreement I would eventually become her pack’s Luna. 
1 
“I am Camila, Gideon’s sister. These are our parents, Gianna and Bennet, and my brother Hudson, who is the pack doctor.” she quickly introduced us. Gideon’s mother also embraced me warmly, while his father and brother each gave a welcoming bow. 
Through it all, Gideon stood silently, scowling. 
“Come, come!” Camila grinned mischievously at me when introductions were finished, “I’ve already prepared the room for the two of you to live together!” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 9
Chapter 9 
Avery’s POV 
I startled and took a step back, Live? With him? 
“Stop meddling, Camila.” Gideon growled and swiftly walked away. 
Once he was gone, Camila muttered, “I was just joking.” She tugged me by my arm, “It’s actually a really nice setup. I spent all week getting it ready for you!” 
Her genuine excitement went a long way towards making me feel like there was something salvageable in all this. Her parents and brother quickly moved towards the main house, reassuring me that, although it was large, I would get used to my new home 
in no time. 
Hudson opened the main door for me with a bow, and his youthful, handsome grin gave me a hint of what Gideon would look like if he ever loosened up. 
“Don’t be too intimidated by my brother. He’s not nearly as bad or cold as his reputation.” he said as I passed into the entrance hall. “You’ll see as you get to know him, he’s actually a decent person.” 
My stomach turned at the thought of getting to know Gideon. 
His attempt to paint his brother in a softer light was ruined by the large military map tacked on one wall, with red ribbons indicating battle sites. Conquests? 
A display case full of sharp and gleaming weapons dominated the opposite wall. 
Yes, a very kind and warm-hearted warlord, I’m sure. 
Just the thought of spending more time with Gideon set me on edge. The silence in the car the rest of the way here had been 
thick with tension. 
I was sure Gideon could destroy me easily in two moves or less if he decided to make me disappear. 
It was hard to relax sitting next to a killer. 
“Come, dear.” Gideon’s mother, Gianna, gestured from the foot of an elegant wooden staircase. Dark wood gleamed with wax, and apart from the medieval murder implements, braided rugs, warm sconces, and potted plants made the entrance hall quite 
inviting. 
I followed Gianna and Camila upstairs while the men stayed below. As we climbed past the second floor to the third floor landing the graceful dimensions of the large house stunned me into silence. 
The indoor lights reflected off of large windows dark with night. I was sure they would provide stunning vistas of the landscape when it was daylight. 
“We will make all the wedding arrangements quickly,” Gianna said as she led me down the hall and used a large key to unlock a delicately carved wooden door. 
I was relieved when I heard the wedding would be happening soon, though a knot of worry still twisted in my stomach about my marked secret being exposed. 
“This is your room,” Camila said, mistaking my discomfort for nervousness about the wedding. She pushed the door open and led me inside. “Gideon’s is across the hall.” 
The room was fully furnished, with comfortable and tasteful furniture. It was far lovelier than even Zara’s bedroom she bragged about back home, which was probably only half this size. 
I asked cautiously, “Does Gideon’s marked mate live here too?” 
1/2 
Gianna shook her head. “No. His mate disappeared without a trace. Don’t worry we’ll make sure you have a good life here.” 
I thanked them sincerely. 
As Gideon’s mother and sister left me to settle in I approached the full length mirror that leaned against one wall and pulled away the torn fabric of my dress that I had tucked back together as best I could. 
1 breathed a sigh of relief that the mark was still healed and hadn’t re-emerged. 
The exhaustion of the day caught up with me quickly. 1 rummaged through the armoire for a nightgown and tucked myself into 
bed. 
Here I was, in a killer’s house. I was to be his Lama, but not his mate. 
I was pretty sure he hated me, and he terrified me. How could I marry him? 
But if I didn’t, my mother would continue to be mistreated. I needed to do my best to fit in, and to bring her here so we could escape together. Before whatever happened to Gideon’s mate happened to me as well. 
Uneasy, I fell into a dreamless slumber and woke to bright daylight streaming into my room from large picture windows and a skylight above my bed. As I had assumed, the view was incredible. Sweeping forests and the occasional field poured across the landscape to distant mountains. 
I found a simple blue dress and dressed quickly. Gideon’s door was shut when I stepped into the hallway, and I stared at it for a moment before heading downstairs. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 10
Chapter 10 
Probably best that we not meet. I told myself. 
Turns out, I had little to worry about on that front. I didn’t see Gideon for several more days. Instead, I was mostly left to my own 
devices. 
Overall, I liked Gideon’s family, even if their son was the worst monster I’d ever met. They seemed normal enough, and much nicer than my own. 
Although I felt awkward as the new outsider, it was the nicest and most comfortable week I’d had in my life. I ate enough food, had a hot bath every day, and no one assigned me the worst chores. 
Life here was on a whole other level than my status had given me in Silvermoon. Not just the comfortable accommodations, but the way in which everyone here treated each other. 
There was an ease to the way the pack worked with each other that surprised me considering how uptight their Alpha was. 
It increasingly looked as though Gideon meant to abandon me completely, so I decided I needed to find something more productive to do with my time. Gideon might have picked me as a body to fill a hole, but I felt guilty doing nothing. 
I decided I would try contributing to the pack’s welfare by helping out in the kitchen. The cook was all too happy to let me take over the manual labor of kneading the huge bowls of dough that would be baked up for the pack’s dinner. 
There was also a general dining hall where anyone who was hungry could get a warm meal at any time. I had spent many nights in Silvermoon trying to sleep on an empty stomach. That wouldn’t have happened here. 
Perhaps Alpha Leon had been a terrible Alpha in more ways than one. 
I had my arms up to my elbows in a mound of sticky dough when a group of girls came in the back door from the gardens. 
“I’m just saying, I don’t think he likes his fiancée very much! That’s all.” one of them was laughing. 
“If he doesn’t like her, then will they even marry?” her friend giggled. “To actually become the true Luna, she’d have to be the Alpha’s chosen mate, complete the bond, and be marked by him. But I heard he won’t even mark her.” 
Her mouth suddenly formed an ‘o’ of shock as she spotted me standing at the long wooden counter. From the way she elbowed her friend, it was obvious they had been talking about Gideon and me. 
“Girls!” the cook scolded sharply. “Only cubs yap their mouths without thinking. Apologize at once.” 
“Apologies, Lady Avery.” They both stammered, faces flushed. Then one blurted out, “Alpha Gideon has just been super busy! I’m sure he didn’t mean to ignore you.” 
“Enough!” Cook smacked her wooden spoon on the counter, and the girls curtsied and darted out of the kitchen. She turned to me with a rueful expression, “Ignore them. They are barely older than whelps and haven’t a spare brain cell between them.” 
Too bad they were right. I winced as I pounded my fists into the dough and folded it. Gideon really does dislike me. I don’t think this wedding will ever happen. 
The cook watched me beat up the dough for a few more moments before gently taking it away from me. 
“Do you ever bake desserts?” she asked kindly. “Gideon is particularly fond of cake. Perhaps you could bake him one as a special treat. I know my mate always loves when I bake for him, and it’s gotten us through more than one rough patch.” 
I bit my lip, thinking. “When I was little, my mom taught me to bake Black Forest chocolate cake. It’s not particularly sweet, but when you use really nice chocolate it’s wonderful.” 
The corners of the cook’s eyes wrinkled as she exclaimed, “Gideon doesn’t like sweets, but he’s obsessed with that cake. It’s the only thing he’s ever wanted. Since the recipe was lost for years, he hasn’t had it.” She patted me on the shoulder with one floured hand. 
1/2 
I wondered if the person who had made it was Gideon’s missing mate. 
“If you make it and give it to him, he’ll definitely warm up to you.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 11
Chapter 11 
Gideon’s POV 
It had rained during the night, and the slow sound of dripping water permeated the forest. 
Blood dripped slowly down the leaves of the thicket and pooled in the long grass. The ground of the clearing was scattered with boulders, logs, and the bodies of the fallen. 
The fighting had been intense. My warriors and I were covered in blood and minor wounds. Now our panting rang loud in the stillness as the last of the rogues breathed their last. 
I gave the gesture to Tegan to round up the civilians. Now that the rogue attacks at the border had intensified, they could no longer maintain their homesteads here. 
They would join Nightwolf for their protection. In time, they would build new lives here. 
Before that could happen we needed to hold a Pack Acceptance Ceremony. 
I could see the resignation on their faces as they gathered up their treasured belongings, buried their dead, and prepared to return to Nightwolf with my warriors. 
Never had I seen attacks so vicious as this. 
Why would they be targeted for attack? I rubbed at my temples and turned the variables over. 
For most of my life, rogue wolf attacks had been acts of desperation. 
Without the protection and resource-sharing of a pack, most wolves had trouble surviving on their own. They might raid a vulnerable farmstead, but most of the time, they would just slaughter a few sheep or steal eggs from a chicken coop. 
This felt very different. 
These rogues had fought in an organized fashion. They had known we would come, and they had been waiting for us. 
Wolves did not pick fights with Nightwolf if they wanted to live. 
I guess these ones hadn’t. 
Someone must be controlling them. 
That was a troubling thought that sat with me back to Nightwolf Village. 
“My son.” My parents were waiting in the central courtyard when I arrived, “Preparations for the Pack Acceptance Ceremony have begun,” my father confirmed. 
I nodded gratefully. The sooner these people could begin to rebuild, the easier their transition would be. 
My mother and father exchanged a meaningful look. Having seen that glance many times in my life, I sighed. 
“What is it?” 
“Your father and I both agree that you and Avery should attend the ceremony together. A show of unity is especially important right now, and the pack needs to see tangible signs of hope for the future.” my mother said firmly. 
I knew that tone, and it usually meant that it wasn’t worth the fight it would take to do things my own way. 
I may be the Alpha, but every son disregards his mother’s advice at his own peril. 
“Very well.” I reluctantly agreed, “Send Camila to bring Avery to the hall.” 
“Alpha,” Tegan dropped back from where he’d been debriefing the scout who had covered our retreat, “may I recommend that 
1/2 
you take some time to bathe and prepare?” He gestured at my uniform, which was splattered with blood and gore. 
Frowning, I reached up to my face and felt the streaks of blood there where I had wiped away sweat after the battle. 
I suppose I am a bit of a mess. But… 
“There will be time for cleaning up later,” I said, “getting these civilians settled first is more important.” 
Tegan coughed politely, the way my Beta always did when he disagreed with me. “Your fiancée may find it a bit disconcerting to see you in this state.” He meant I looked a hot mess. 
“If she is going to be my Luna, she will have to get used to it, sooner or later.” I frowned, “Don’t you have a search you should be continuing?” I fixed him with a meaningful stare. There had still been no sign of my fate mate. 
“Yes, Alpha.” Tegan bowed and hurried away. 
I headed for the ceremony hall. 
Pack members were crowding through the doors and finding places to stand around the presentation stage. Afterward there would be a welcome feast. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 12
Chapter 12 
When Avery entered the hall I was surprised at how comfortable she appeared chatting with Camila. 
She had gained color in her cheeks, and the gaunt weariness that had struck me when we’d met at Silvermoon had disappeared. She was dressed in a long soft dress that flowed around her hips and legs gracefully as she strode in. 
She froze when she saw me, though. Watching that haunted wariness creep back into her expression irritated me. 
Both of them paused their small talk as I approached. Avery seemed to have a plate with a baked good of some sort in her arms, complete with a pair of forks. 
“What are you holding?” The question came out like an interrogation. 
I saw Camila’s eyes narrow and knew I would hear about it from her later. 
Avery practically squeaked, eyes wide, and held the plate out to me, forks rattling on the fine china. 
Am I really that scary? 
From what I could tell, Silvermoon had treated her far worse. 
“Calm yourself.” I said, irritated. 
I took the plate from her. It seemed to be some sort of cake. 
I tossed it on the table to the side. 
Killing had taken away my appetite, and I wasn’t in the mood for food, especially sweets. 
Avery’s eyes when I turned back had gone wide as saucers, and there were tears in the corners. 
My wolf howled in my mind. 
No need to be so harsh! My wolf scolded. 
That was unusual, my wolf had always been on my side. 
Struck, I queried, That’s unlike you. 
An unexpected rush of affection for Avery flowed from my wolf. 
You should treat her better, he growled. 
Fine. I rolled my eyes and reached for the cake again, stabbed it with a fork and lifted a bite to my mouth. 
The rich taste of chocolate flooded through my mouth. It was the perfect mixture of buttery, bitter, flavorful, and delicate. 
The taste transported me back through time, to the last time I had this particular dessert years ago. 
The girl who had used to make it was gone now. She had known this was my favorite and had baked it for me often. Some of my favorite memories involved this dessert, I hadn’t thought I would ever taste it again. 
I raised my head to ask Avery if she had made this herself, but she was already hurrying away, head down as she disappeared into the crowd. 
I felt a moment of regret for how I had acted. She had probably made this to try and please me. 
Had she spent the time to try and specifically learn what I like? 
I detested the thought of being intentionally manipulated. 
The cake is damned good though. 
1/2 
When Gideon tossed my cake to the side, my heart sank, I wanted to ten im HAL J ME 
brought good memories, but… 
My fiance reeked of blood and death. 
What was I doing thinking I could earn his favor through baked goods? 
In retrospect, it seemed painfully naive. 
I shut my mouth and stepped back, slipping away to disappear into the crowd until Camila came to get me. 
She had helped me prepare for my role in the ceremony and told me where to stand and what to say. It was moderately complicated and I was nervous about forgetting my lines. 
The pack bell rang, indicating the ceremony was beginning. 
I found my spot in line behind Gideon and followed him onto the stage. 
He didn’t acknowledge my presence. 
From up here, I could see the hall was packed with people. 
The crowd surged closer to the stage in anticipation. 
One woman kept coming and jumped onto the stage from the front. 
I thought it was a part of the ceremony until I saw the long, wicked knife in her hand. 
With a bloodcurdling scream she lunged at me and brought the blade down in a killing blow. 
2/2 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 13
Chapter 13 
Avery’s POV 
The woman screamed and hinged. 
Gideon grabbed me around the waist, swinging me out of the way. He tucked me against his side with one arm while his other hand darted out and captured the woman’s wrist as she drove her killing blow towards me. 
There was a sharp snap, and the woman’s wrist broke within Gideon’s grasp. 
The long, wicked knite dropped from her hand as she screamed in pain. 
Gideon snatched the falling knife out of the air, flipped it deftly, and drove it upward. 
The point of the knife entered beneath the woman’s chin and slid upwards with a sickening shick. 
The woman dropped to the stage, dead. 
It all happened so fast. I stared at the still-twitching body in horror, feeling like I might pass out. 
Warmth seeped into me from Gideon’s chest against me where he still held me tightly to his side. It anchored me to the physical world and I felt slightly less faint. 
He had moved so quickly and decisively to protect me. 
Only one other person had ever tried to protect me like that. 
I used to think Ryan was a good person because he was the only one who had supported me when the others in my pack would bully me. But Ryan had known about how brutally my father treated me. 
He had seen the damage Zara had done, and he had still mated with her. His loyalty had never lasted when things truly got tough. 
If Zara had attacked me like that, Ryan wouldn’t have lifted a finger to stop her. I reflected, watching numbly as Nightwolf warriors swiftly dragged the body of the rogue wolf away. 
“How much longer are you going to cling to me?” Gideon’s voice rumbled under my chest. Startled, I pushed myself away from him. He sounded so cold and unaffected, like a little light murder was just part of his normal day. 
Without another word, Gideon began the ceremony. I tried to focus on the formal speech, but I was rattled by what had happened. 
When it came time for me to say the traditional greeting, I messed it up. 
“We welcome you into our heart… hearths… and promise to offer protection and selfles -… safety, for so long as you pledge your loyalty to our pack.” I stammered and winced. 
I had never had to do public speaking before. My voice sounded high-pitched and shaky. 
I found it hard to breathe in a full breath, my nerves were shaking so hard. 
Back in Silvermoon, even minor mistakes were often severely punished. 
I had been beaten for saying the wrong thing in situations far less formal than this. Even after I had started dating Ryan, standard I was held to had only relaxed slightly. 
the 
I hate that I’ve become someone who is so fearful of making mistakes. I thought, stumbling my way through the next set of lines. It doesn’t help that I have to do all this next to a cold-blooded killer. 
I could see Gideon out of the corner of my eye, and every time I messed up I fought the urge to turn to him and see his reaction. 
1/2 
Would he smack me here, in front of everyone? 
The thought made my knees shake as I finished my words and waited for a blow to fall. 
“For so long as the moon rises above Nightwolf, I prepar-… promise to be your Lady, providing letterin-… leadership and lenience for so long as our pack runs together.” I finished in a breathless rush. 
To my surprise, Gideon said nothing. 
He merely turned to the table of ceremonial s and began the next part of the ceremony, giving token gifts to the new pack 
members. 
The vise of anxiety clamped around my torso loosened somewhat. 
When the ceremony was finished and the new members were being embraced by their pack, I climbed down from the stage and slunk towards a nearby dark corner. 
“Being in the spotlight is hard, but you did well.” a girl sitting at a nearby table gestured me over. Gratefully, I sank into a chair at her table with a few other young pack members. They appeared to be a group of friends, and I felt briefly jealous for a pack life I never had. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 14
Chapter 14 
“Thank you.” I laughed nervously, “I was worried I would make a huge mistake and Gideon would kill me.” 
The young pack members exchanged glances and smiles. 
“Oh no, that would never happen!” a young he wolf reassured me. “Gideon only kills those who deserve it, like that rogue 
assassin.” 
“Yeah, he’s basically a hero to the pack. He saved my family from a rabid wolf years ago.” the girl said with sincerity. I could see from the glowing look of pride on her face that she truly thought highly of him. 
The others chimed in around the table with kind and just things he had done for them and their families. 
There wasn’t a single wolf there who didn’t have something good to say about Gideon. 
That perspective did not mesh with what I had heard about Alpha Gideon before I came to Nightwolf. 
Ipondered over the differences in the stories and my own experiences. 
What kind of person is he, really? I frowned. The firm but fair leader, or the vicious warlord? 
Looking back at our interactions, had they really happened the way I had perceived? 
I returned to my bedroom that night replaying the events of the day over and over. 
No matter what else had happened, I had done something that had terrified me, and I had lived through it. That was something at least. 
I am growing as a person. I thought. 
I stared at myself in my mirror, trying to make sense of who I was becoming. 
Moon Goddess, I prayed fervently, eyes closed. Help me survive this place and rescue my mom. 
When I opened my eyes, the bright light of the moon streamed onto my bed from the skylight. 
That’s wrong. It’s the waning phase right now. 
I sat up, confused. 
There was someone next to my bed, I sensed. Moonlight reflected off of them so brightly it was hard to look at them directly. 
The person leaned closer, and I realized that they weren’t reflecting moonlight; they were made of moonlight. 
The beautiful woman gave me a benevolent smile. Her long hair floated dreamily through the air as though we were underwater. A crown of stars ringed her brow. 
Moon Goddess! 
I was stunned. It could only be her. She drifted closer, leaning over me as I stared in awe. 
Her fingers brushed across the mark on my neck and it pulsed once, then faded. I looked down and saw only my skin, clear and unblemished beneath her translucent, ethereal hand. 
I tried to leap out of bed but when I stretched out my legs over the side of the bed they landed in a puddle of sunlight. 
It was daytime, the morning sun streamed through my windows and there was no one in my room with me. I rubbed my eyes groggily, disoriented. 
A dream? 
1/2 
Shock flooded through my veins. It was the Moon Goddess who had erased the mark from my skin. How could the Goddess, so awe-inspiring to the world, help me? 
– 
Never had I heard of someone having so vivid an interaction with the goddess or had their prayers answered so directly. 
Why me? I wondered. 
I jumped as someone knocked on my door. 
When I opened it, a servant handed me a flat package tied with a huge red ribbon. I carried it over to my bed and opened the lid. 
What… is this? 
A set of sexy lingerie was nestled delicately in the box. It was uncomfortably similar to the set I had worn the night Ryan and I had broken up and I had fled into the forest. 
Who could have sent me this? 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 15
Chapter 15 
Avery’s POV 
I stared in astonishment at the neatly displayed lingerie nestled in the box. I genuinely couldn’t think of anyone in this world who would send me such a thing. 
Certainly not Ryan. Not after how things ended. 
Gingerly, I lifted the lace up and held it to the light. The sheer fabric was a shimmering ultraviolet that shifted in shades of purple and blue. 
It was very much not my color. 
A piece of paper dislodged from the scrap of fabric and fluttered to the floor. I picked it up and unfolded it. 
It was a note. 
“Dear Avery,” it read, in a familiar bubble-lettered script, “Everyone deserves a second chance. Maybe you’ll get the guy this time. If you don’t want to end up with a lonely life, maybe you should try harder? Xoxo – Zara” 
2 
What a bitch. I thought, but I’d said it so much in my head lately that my own inner-voice sounded tired instead of hateful. 
I settled for tearing the note into tiny bits and flinging them in the garbage. 
As much as it pained me to admit, Zara had struck a nerve. The last time I’d worn lingerie like this, I’d been full of tentative hope for my future with Ryan, my chosen mate. 
Now I had no one who seemed to care about me. 
“I’m pretty sure Gideon wants nothing to do with me.” I said bitterly. 
I tossed the lingerie onto the bed and stormed towards the door. 
I didn’t even care that I was still in my nightgown and house robe, I just needed out of this room. 
I’d go to the kitchen, get a cup of coffee, then come back and regroup. 
Maybe I’d go work in the garden or something and touch some grass. 
I threw open the door and stomped out of my room and down the hall. 
As I gripped the railing of the stairs and started down, I realized there was a couple standing directly below me on the second floor landing. They were standing very close. 
It’s Gideon! I realized with shock. 
The long hem of my nightgown threatened to tangle my feet and trip me the rest of the way. Finally I caught my balance and skidded to a stop halfway down. 
Gideon was leaning back on his elbows on the landing railing. He barely registered my presence as I appeared above him on the stairs. 
He glanced at me quickly, and then back to his companion. Dismissing me. 
I looked at who he was with. The beautiful woman had both her hands on his shoulder, leaning on his arm. She was tall, with a stunning figure and was draped across him like a snake. 
My heart flopped painfully at the sight of them together. 
Why am I feeling jealous? I thought, I don’t even like him. 
1/3 
Still, it felt disrespectful. I am supposed to become liis Lama! 
After Ryan’s betrayal and Zara’s goading, this was a dagger between the ribs to my bruised and broken heart. 
I remembered what Gideon said on the ride to Nightwolf about not interfering with his needs for women. He had said it so coldly and expected me to follow his rules. 
1 spun on my heel, bunched up my nightgown in my lists, and stomped back towards my room, pretending like I didn’t see them. 
I had just reached the upper landing when I heard the woman give a low chuckle and ask, “With a body like hers, do you think she’ll ever satisfy you?” 
I stopped in my tracks. Every part of me froze as I listened for Gideon’s reply. 
There was an uncomfortable silence, then Gideon answered in a voice chiseled from ice, “I won’t sleep with her.” 
Before I could think twice about it, I turned and shouted down the stairs at them, “Since I won’t interfere with who you sleep with, let’s just leave each other to our own private lives!” 
Gideon’s face snapped up and he glared at me. 
You sleep with who you like, and I will do the same. I fumed. He must be fine with me sleeping with other men as well, right?. 
“Leave, Jessica.” Gideon snapped. 
The beautiful woman glared at me spitefully, but slowly unwound herself from his side and disappeared down the stairs. 
My hands clenched at my sides as Gideon climbed the stairs two at a time up to me. 
I backed up as he reached the top of the stairs. 
I couldn’t help it. He was just so very large and intimidating. 
He paced down the hallway after me. 
I backed up faster. 
I was almost to my door when Gideon placed a heavy hand on the wall in front of my head. I stopped, trapped. 
For a moment he stood there, just… breathing. Staring at me. 
Finally he leaned close, “Everyone says you’re so well behaved,” Gideon said in a low voice, “I didn’t expect to need to lay out the boundaries so explicitly for you.” 
Every part of me was attuned to his quiet words and the threat of steel beneath them. 
My instinct was to cower and tell this Alpha I wouldn’t cause any trouble from here on out. That was the safest choice for my survival. My heart was pounding super hard. 
But if I didn’t defend myself, who would? I gritted my teeth and forced myself to turn to face Gideon. 
He was even closer than I’d thought, his face tilted down to be only inches away from mine. My heart raced with his proximity and the stress of the confrontation. I made myself meet those angry, cloudy eyes. 
“Maybe if you actually bothered to have a conversation with me, I would understa-” I snapped out but Gideon interrupted me. “So you thought you’d go find a man on the side for yourself? You thought I’d let that happen?” he sneered in my face. 
A fiery surge ran through my body. 
“What if I did?” I lifted my chin defiantly. “I’m supposed to watch women throw themselves all over you, while I play the dutiful Luna?” I ducked under his arm and opened the door of my room. 
I stepped inside and turned to close it only to find him already over the threshold. 
Slowly he paced forward and I backed up, step by step, until my knees hit the back of my bed. 
“If you think I’m the sort of Alpha who would watch his Luna with someone else, you’re perilously mistaken.” His gaze bored into my skull with quiet intensity. “I suggest you revise your plan.” 
“Or what?” I had to ask, “You’ll ignore me? Treat me like I don’t matter? You already do all that.” My anger crackled in my questions, “You act like that’s not how I’ve always been treated. If you want to make me fall in line, you’ll need to try something 
new.” 
“Something new?” Gideon hissed softly, “What did you have in mind?” 
His eyes flickered to the side and his expression changed. I turned to look where he was staring and saw the lingerie laying on 
the bed. 
Gideon laughed softly, “Oh, I see.” 
Oh no. 
I reached to flip the blanket over the sexy outfit, but his hand caught mine and held it tightly. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 16
Chapter 16 
Avery’s POV 
I struggled to pull my hand out of Gideon’s fingers, but he held me tightly. 
“So that’s your angle.” He looked at me appraisingly for a long moment, “I admit, I didn’t think you had it in you to try and seduce me with petty games. How childish.” 
Abruptly, he released me and bent over the bed to lift the scandalous underthings. He tipped his head towards me with a raised eyebrow. 
“This is what you think I want from you?” He chuckled. “Save your efforts. I won’t sleep with you.” 
Still laughing, he tossed the lingerie back on the bed and walked out the door without a second glance. 
And then he was gone. 
All my blood felt like it had migrated to my cheeks. I stepped to the door and childishly slammed it shut behind him. It made me feel a bit better. 
Well, that was humiliating. I groaned as I scooped up the disgraceful outfit and tossed it in the trashcan. 
The next few days, I found I couldn’t stand being in my room. I kept replaying the scene with Gideon in my head and coming up with things I wished I had said instead. 
I need a change of scenery. 
I pulled on functional outdoor gear and marched to the acres of land set aside for Nightwolf Pack’s community gardens. Although the space had once been developed, it was obvious that no one had put effort into tending or maintaining the garden beds in a long time. 
Pulling out weeds was the perfect way to let out tension. 
I imagined I was pulling Zara’s hair and when I finally paused in the late afternoon, my wheelbarrow was piled high. 
I grinned and wiped a muddy glove across my sweaty forehead. 
“You’ve been out here quite a while.” The cook, Anna, appeared at my elbow with a tall glass of iced tea, which I accepted gratefully. Her apprentice, Hailey, was at her side and handed me a sandwich wrapped in paper with a shy smile. 
“There’s a lot to do here,” I said, truthfully. “Still, I think if we can get a few beds cleared out, in the next few weeks we can get some things in the ground quick enough for the fall harvest.” 
“I admit, gardening has always been a bit beyond me.” Anna frowned, “I’ve got enough to do as it is.” 
“It’s a lot.” I agreed, “But if we can just get a few volunteers to help with the planting, it won’t be so difficult to maintain.” Excitement crept into my voice, “Besides, if we can get a little herb patch going next to the kitchen, and a few tomatoes, corn, potatoes, peas, squash… We can save quite a bit in expenses.” 
The cook stared at me in surprise, “Well, I do believe you mean that, but is that really something the Luna needs to be doing?” 
I smiled at her, “It’s something I enjoy doing, and it helps the pack. Let’s just try it!” 
“Your enthusiasm is infectious.” Anna laughed, and Hailey’s eyes shone as they followed me around the garden beds, listening to my plans for where plants could go and how we could rig up irrigation for the watering. 
When we returned to the kitchens to wash up, I could already hear them excitedly telling the others about our plans. It felt good to contribute to something we could all work on together. 
The next day I had a small group of warriors and civilians who had volunteered to help me with the labor. I quickly set them to 
1/7 
turning over the dirt, burying compost, and sorting through the packets of seeds Anna had procured from a local farm family. 
At lunch, we sat down at long tables in the shade to eat and rest a bit before the last part of our work for the day. It was definitely getting warm out. I took my empty cup over to where Anna had set up pitchers of fresh juice and a bucket of ice. 
The ice had started to melt into a large lump. I thumped at it in frustration, trying to break off a piece or two. 
“Mind if I break the ice?” a cheerful voice said behind me. 
I turned to see a young warrior with a mischievous grin. With a smile, I indicated he was welcome to try. He swiftly chopped at the ice with his knite and dropped a few chunks in my glass. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 17
Chapter 17 
“Thank you,” I said gratefully. 
“My pleasure!” he smiled, “Stabbing ice blocks is much easier than the things they usually have me stabbing. I appreciate the change of pace,” 
He gestured at the mud that was prevalent across my clothing and skin, “So, who’s winning? You, or the dirt?” 
“So far, solidly the dirt,” I admitted, “but we plan on turning a new leaf soon.” 
“Ahhh, agricultural puns. Classic.” The warrior raised his cup in a toast. “Well, my sister told me I needed to get over here and muscle some hedgerows into order, or something like that. So just point me at your bushes and I’ll get to work.” 
Somehow, he managed to slip a cheeky wink in as he said it, and I spluttered on my sip of juice. 
I think I’m being flirted with? I realized with a jolt. That’s not happened in a while. 
“I’m Avery,” I said, by way of introduction. The warrior’s eyes widened, and he nearly dropped his cup.” 
“Oh! You’re the new Luna.” He immediately bowed his head. “Please forgive my informal statements, Luna. I meant no offense. 
“Oh!” I stared back at him in consternation, “Oh, not at all! It was refreshing to talk to someone like a normal person for once.” I admitted. I hadn’t realized how much I’d missed it until now. 
“Well, it’s my honor to meet you. I’m Ian,” the young warrior bowed again. “And that’s my sister, Melody,” he pointed at a young woman sitting nearby, who waved. 
“Very nice to meet you as well, Ian.” I said, with genuine feeling, “Please don’t feel like you need to avoid me, just because I’m the new Luna.” 
“I will do my best, Luna- er- Avery.” Ian gave a lopsided smile, “Though probably best if I stay out of your bushes.” 
I laughed out loud. He was certainly a lively one. 
We spent the rest of the afternoon casually chatting while we worked. 
Ian told me about his sister and parents, and I talked a little bit about the nicer parts of my life, which is to say, I let Ian do most of the talking. 
“Oh, what’s this?” Ian pointed at something buried in the soil. I leaned over him, intrigued, as he unearthed what looked like a ring from the dirt. “Someone’s lost ring?” 
We rose together to examine what he’d found. 
It was a large moonstone ring, though the stone was cracked down the middle. I put my hand on his to turn the ring from side to side in the light. 
We were so absorbed in examining the lost piece of jewelry that it took me a moment to realize the rest of the planting group around us had gone silent. 
I looked up to see Gideon and a group of warriors standing at the end of the garden, watching us. 
I quickly withdrew my hand from Ian’s with a curse. 
In an instant, Ian was darting down the garden to kneel before Gideon. 
“Apologies for my offense, Alpha,” Ian said sincerely, head bowed, while I stared in disbelief. Gideon stared back at me over Ian’s prostrate form, his face a mask, unreadable. 
Still meeting my eyes, Gideon said, “Fifty laps in the training ground. Now.” 
Yes, Alpha.” Ian rose, bowed again, and took off towards the training grounds. 
I strode down the garden towards Gideon, confused. 
“He didn’t do anything wrong! Why punish him?” 
In Silvermoon, those sorts of punishments were often just another form of bullying. An excuse to pick on someone lower in the hierarchy. I hated that kind of behavior. 
I won’t put up with bullies any longer! I crossed my arms and waited for Gideon’s response. 
He flicked his eyes to me with annoyance, “Don’t think these little tricks will make me jealous. I’m not falling for it.” 
Not everything is an attempt to seduce you! I rolled my eyes, Since you think it’s my fault, why not punish me instead? 
Gideon’s gaze narrowed as I rolled my eyes. 
“Do you want to be punished?” Gideon asked. There was danger in his tone, but my mind unhelpfully supplied some ideas for what ‘punishment’ might look like. 
Flustered, I flushed and dipped my chin and discarded those dangerous thoughts. 
Too late, Gideon was already stepping closer to me. He loomed over me, and one hand gripped under my chin and lifted my face 
to look at him. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 18
Chapter 18 
Gideon’s POV 
I raised Avery’s chin. She was streaked with mud and dirt, and she smelled of fresh air and growing things. 
I stared at the line where the graceful curve of her neck met her shoulder. It was beautiful… but disappointingly unmarked. 
I inhaled slowly, and chose my words carefully, the way one would with a disobedient pup. 
“In the Pack, hierarchy is what keeps us alive. There are always wolves watching and listening.” 
The image of her holding lan’s hand at the end of the garden row kept swimming to the front of my mind and I bit my words off more sharply than I intended. 
“Stop. Speaking. Back. I won’t always let you get away with it.” 
Avery stared at me with eyes that flashed like coins. Her jaw was clenched tight, and I could tell she wanted to argue. Her stubborn expression was unexpectedly endearing. 
She is cute when she is trying so hard. The thought surprised me. 
I found my eyes drawn to the way she’d pressed her lips together in a firm line, the dimple in her chin as her bottom lip pouted just slightly. Her lips looked soft and inviting. 
I watched her swallow her frustration, and then her face broke into a sweet smile that she flashed at me on purpose. 
“Okay.” She said brightly, and then turned and walked away, ignoring me. 
I watched as she broke into a jog and caught up with Ian as he headed towards the training grounds. 
She had to know that blatantly disregarding my correction would be the absolute worst choice here. 
My pulse picked up its pace as I heard her say, “Sorry, I’ll run with you.” 
The little minx. I cursed under my breath. She had thrown me off balance with her smile, and now she was openly defying me? 
I wanted to run after them. To pull her away from Ian and shake her until she finally listened to me. Perhaps a spanking was in order, if she insisted in behaving like a child. I thought with grim satisfaction. 
Somehow the image of pinning Avery down and spanking her seemed to derail into other images in my head and I shook my head to clear it. 
I can’t let her head games work on me. 
I thought back to the lingerie she’d sought to entice me with on her bed, and the way Tegan had mentioned she was flirting with Ian all afternoon. She wasn’t the first woman to try and tease me with little jealousy games, but it had been a long time since they’d worked. 
“I can send someone to stop her from running.” Tegan said as I left the gardens, “She’ll overexert herself in this heat.” 
“No need.” I said flatly, “Let her run if she wants to.” 
I have more important things to worry about than an impertinent Luna. 
Our walk back to the house took us past the gardening supplies Avery had gathered for her project. I was amazed by the organized piles of seedling trays, drip hoses, rakes and hoes, and other materials. 
Tegan saw my surprised glance, “Most of this stuff was already in storage, but Avery was the one who asked to look at the inventory lists and gather what was needed. Anna says that once her garden is underway, we will be able to save almost twenty percent off of our produce expenses annually.” 
Twenty percent? That’s got to be a mistake. 
Later, after looking over the charts that Avery and Anna had drawn up, I was forced to admit that I hadn’t even considered this plan of action. I was impressed by her ingenuity. 
“See that she has whatever else she needs.” I said. The rest of this afternoon’s irritation aside, Avery had seemed much happier with something to do. 
“She seems to be both practical and intelligent.” Tegan said honestly, “Qualities that are excellent in a Luna.” I could tell he was watching my reaction to the compliment. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 19
Chapter 19 
An excellent Luma. I imagined Avery commanding the pack the way she’d commanded the workers in the gardens. Then I remembered how defiant she’d been and my irritation bubbled up again. 
Even excellent Lama’s need small lessons sometimes. I thought grimly. 
Avery’s POV 
The training ground track was oppressively hot. Our feet thudded dully as we jogged around the perimeter again and again. 
It had been a long time since I’d done this much cardio. I threw myself into running at the best pace I could manage. 
It was nice to run with a friend. 
Ian slowed down to match my pace, even though I got him into this. 
We were halfway through our laps when a third wolf joined us. It was Melody, lan’s sister. She kept pace beside me and delivered her message, “Please stop, Luna. You don’t need to do this.” 
“Just because Gideon’s territorial doesn’t mean he needs to overreact!” I said angrily. 
“Oh!” Melody looked shocked, “He wasn’t overreacting!” She bit her lips shut as though she wanted to say more. 
I gestured for her to go on. 
“For an Alpha, it’s vital that everyone in his inner circle be seen to be in accord. Without that, the pack splinters,” she explained. 
“Even if you didn’t mean it to be seen as a betrayal, others who were watching wouldn’t have known that,” she continued, “and if he hadn’t addressed it, Gideon would have appeared weak.” 
“A weak Alpha is death to a pack.” Ian agreed, grimly, “And there are warriors who would challenge the Alpha if they thought they had a chance.” 
I hadn’t thought about how it would encourage others. I thought, surprised, as we finished the last of the laps. All I could think about is how unfair Gideon was being. 
I hated to admit it, but maybe I had judged him too harshly. 
Sweaty and exhausted, Melody and I headed to the pack mess hall for dinner. 
When we entered, I saw Jessica, the woman who had been all over Gideon on the stairs a few days ago. 
“Who is she?” I asked Melody as we filled our trays with food and grabbed cups of juice. 
“She’s the Beta’s, younger sister.” Melody said softly, bowing her head in respect as Jessica came our way. “Her brother, Tegan, is Gideon’s second-in-command.” 
“Oh no, watch out. Don’t drop that.” Jessica said in a sarcastic flat voice as she brushed past us. 
She shoved her shoulder into Melody’s side, knocking the tray from her hand towards me. 
Food splattered everywhere. 
I was drenched, as was Melody. 
Jessica, I was glad to see, was not unscathed either. Her cream-colored skirt now sported a dark splotch. 
“You clod!” Jessica screeched, pointing at Melody, “Apologize, then take my clothes to be washed,” she commanded. 
Melody turned pale white and immediately began apologizing. 
1f2 
“Do not.” I snapped. The girl froze immediately, glancing between us in terror. 
“You did that on purpose.” I pointed at Jessica, “You should be apologizing, not her.” 
“Nonsense.” Jessica snorted, and raised her chin arrogantly, “She ruined my skirt, and it’s dry-clean only. I demand she wash it, although…” She sniffed and looked at our sweaty, muddy appearance, “I am not sure an Omega like her knows what it means to be truly clean.” 
Her vicious words continued more loudly as others in the cafeteria began to watch, “Is this how you would run our pack as Luna? Letting Omegas ruin our nice things? I have to say, I’m not impressed.” 
She tossed her long hair over her shoulder and made a show of examining the stain on her skirt. 
“Luna, please. I will fix it!” Melody grabbed at my arm, tears in her eyes. She looked panicked. 
“You say your skirt is ruined?” I said sweetly, stepping closer to Jessica. “It looks salvageable to me.” 
I raised my arm and poured my glass of juice down Jessica’s body, 
“Now it’s ruined.” 
Jessica screamed. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 20
Chapter 20 
Avery’s POV 
“Y-You dare?” Jessica’s screech sputtered into accusations as juice dripped down her body to a puddle on the floor. 
Everyone in the mess hall had stopped to watch the spectacle. I noticed more than a few hiding their smiles behind a hand or 
cup. 
At a table nearby, I saw Gideon’s doctor brother, Hudson, watching us. He raised his cup and did a silent clap. 
I guess not many people like Jessica. Can’t imagine why. I thought with satisfaction. 
Next to me, Melody’s mouth was hanging open in shock. She kept glancing between Jessica and I. 
“Just you wait.” Jessica snarled, frantically wringing juice out of her shirt, “I overheard Gideon and Tegan talking. Gideon was saying he despises women like you and will never marry you. We’ll see how much of a ‘Luna’ you are when he abandons you!” 
My heart panged at that. It was too similar to what Gideon himself had said to me in my room. 
“Luna, she’s lying!” Melody whispered in an undertone as Jessica continued to rant about how Gideon would find me flawed. ” She just loves to make trouble!” 
Even if it’s a lucky guess, it still has the ring of truth to it. I thought. Gideon is consistently disappointed in me. And we still haven’t scheduled a wedding… 
I shoved the thoughts down and fixed my face into a smirk. 
Never let a bully see when you’re wounded. 
“You overheard?” I shot back, “If I tell Gideon you were spying on him, what do you think he’ll do?” 
Jessica’s juice-splattered face went slack. She shut her mouth with a click, then spun on her heel and stalked out the door. 
“Go get a fresh tray, I’ll clean this up.” Anna said, appearing from the back and taking the spilled trays and empty cups. Quietly, Melody and I refilled new trays of food and sat down at a table. 
Softly, conversation returned around us as people went back to their meals. 
“Jessica is just upset that she’s not Gideon’s mate.” Melody told me confidentially as we ate. “I heard Tegan tell Gideon that he was impressed with your garden plans. The Alpha respects people who work hard.” 
I hoped she was right. It felt like everything I did around Gideon put me on the wrong foot. 
After dinner I said goodbye to Melody and made her promise to tell me if Jessica did anything further to her. 
My muscles had locked up while we’d sat. The aches and pains of gardening, combined with the fifty laps I’d run, all caught up with me as I struggled to climb the steps up to the third floor. 
I was ascending the last flight when I noticed Gideon leaning over the bannister at the top, watching me slowly climbing while wincing in pain. 
“Even Luna’s are subject to pack hierarchy.” He said, warningly, watching me struggle up to him. “Once you become my wife, you won’t be excused.” 
I heaved myself up the last few steps and stopped at the top to look at him. 
I think you’re trying to scare me. I thought, exhausted. You just don’t want to marry me. 
Gideon frowned and I realized I’d said what I’d been thinking out loud. 
I’m more exhausted than I thought. 
T23 DUS 
I turned my back on him and began to weakly make my way down the hall to my room. After a few feet, I heard Gideon stomping 
after me. Those strong fingers grabbed my arm and spun me to face him. 
Again? I thought wearily, as he pinned me to the wall. I was so tired I sagged against him, despite trying to hold myself away. 
“Woman, if I was trying to scare you, you’d know.” His arms held me up as he growled the threat in my ear. 
When he growled, I felt it rattle my core. Adrenaline rushed through me as my body responded to the threat, and also our 
intimate position. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 21
Chapter 21 
He was so strong, I had no doubt he could break me if he tried. Still, my body betrayed me and I wiggled closer into his warm, muscled body. It felt so good on my tired muscles. 
“You underestimate how many times I’ve been punished by tyrants pettier and more mean spirited than you.” I whispered hoarsely, tired of fighting. “Do your worst.” 
I tipped my head back, showing him my throat. My fingers rested around his biceps. They felt like iron. 
The sound Gideon made was downright predatory. His hand snaked across iny shoulder and gently wrapped around my throat. He ground his hips against mine, trapping me effectively as he bent his head to my neck. 
I felt his breath behind my ear, heard him inhale sharply as he breathed me in. His fingers tightened oh-so-slightly against my throat. I hummed at the pressure, at the way it made fire ignite in my core. 
Gideon groaned, his lips brushed against my earlobe. 
“You don’t want to see me at my worst.” I heard him say, throaty and rough in my ear. Suddenly he nipped at my ear and I yelped in surprise. His hand slid from my throat to clap over my mouth. 
I stared at the ceiling past his shoulders as his teeth grazed down my neck. Muffled by his hand, the sounds I made were obscene. I could feel when his fangs extended, pricking into my skin as his mouth hovered over my hidden mark. 
Oh goddess. I breathed. Something in my pulsed, wanting him so badly to plunge those fangs into my neck and mark me. 
I arched into him, tugging him closer. His other arm slid around my waist and lifted me, shoving one knee between my legs. His muscled thigh pushed against my sore muscles and I could feel the heat of him radiating against me. 
I moaned loudly. 
“Hush…” Gideon snarled. His hand slid from my mouth along my cheekbone, cupping my jaw gently. His fangs retreated as his mouth moved to hover over mine. 
His fingers slid through my hair, curling into a fist at the back of my head. I tried to be quiet, but his lips were right there. Mine parted. I wanted to taste him so badly. 
Sharply he yanked on my hair and tipped my head further back. His gaze met mine as I panted at the pressure of his pull on my scalp and let out a startled yip. 
His stare was heated and smoldering. His thigh moved between my legs and rubbed against me through my work pants teasingly. 
I squeaked helplessly, pinned between his body and the wall. Between pleasure and pain. 
“Seems like you’re not just scared, are you?” the corner of his lips twitched up in a smirk as he looked me up and down. 
Then, fast as a snake, he released me. 
I dropped to my knees on the carpet, feeling the blood rush back into my scalp where he’d held my hair so tightly. I let out a pathetic noise as he retreated down the hall and down the stairs. 
Then he was gone. 
Slowly, I pulled myself up the wall and staggered down the hall to my room, cursing him ten ways to hell and back. 
Frustrating, stuck-up, sexy asshole. I cursed, hauling myself into the shower and setting the water to as cold as I could make it. 
What even was that I screamed as the stream of icy water hit me, both at the temperature and at how easily I let Gideon get in my head and under my skin. 
Why is everything so intense when I’m around him? I never felt this way with Ryan or anyone else. 
4D BUTUS 
Never had I wanted so badly just to let someone do whatever they wanted with me. In fact, I had spent most of my life trying to make sure no one could do anything like that to me. 
Curse him. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 22
Chapter 22 
Gideon’s POV 
I shut the door to my office with a definitive click and threw myself into my chair. I ran my hands through my hair and gave a surprised laugh when I realized they were trembling. 
How does she wind me up this much? I closed my eyes and leaned back in my chair, remembering the delectable sounds Avery had made as I’d pinned her in the upstairs hallway. Long minutes had passed, but my body was still responding to hers. 
My wolf agreed, She seems more lively lately, and oddly cute. He huffed in the way he did when he was amused. 
I tried to calm myself, let my hot blood cool. 
I can’t believe I’d almost tried to mark her! I swore. It isn’t like me to lose control like that. There’s just something about her… The way her chin jutted out when she was being stubborn. The look of delight on her face when she’d been digging in the dirt. The way she’d bravely done her best during the Pack Acceptance Ceremony when she’d had little time to prepare… 
I am undeniably attracted to her. I groaned. I find myself cheering her on, even when she’s making my life harder! 
Well, no more distractions. I had work to do, and thinking about a certain feisty young Luna wasn’t going to get it done any 
faster. 
I pulled a pack of folders towards me on my desk and began flipping through them mindlessly. I was still distracted, and when the door to my office opened I found I was staring at some report titled ‘Drainage and Leech Field Stagnancy in the Fourth Quadrant’. 
Thrilling. 
“Yes?” I snapped. I looked up to see Jessica letting herself into my office like she owned the place. 
Oh goddess, what now I sighed and ran a hand over my face wearily. 
“You work so hard.” Jessica purred, leaning across my desk to ensure I had an excellent view down her neckline. While normally I wouldn’t mind a bit of scenery while I worked, I knew she must be here for something more. 
The sooner she spits it out, the sooner I can get back to… 
Moping? My wolf supplied. 
Helpful, thank you. I frowned. I was going to say working. 
“What is it?” I growled at Jessica. “I’m busy.” 
She blinked at the folder I was holding and narrowed her eyes at me, “Yes, those drainage reports seem very pressing.” she 
said, dryly. 
I tossed the folder on the desk and crossed my arms, waiting. 
“Your fiancee attacked me this afternoon in the mess hall.” Jessica did a fairly convincing act of looking upset. She was an excellent actress. “An Omega had spilled food on me, and when I confronted her, Avery stepped in and threw her food on me as well.” 
I slowly swiveled my chair towards the wall to hide my grin. She did WHAT?! Incredible. 
Stories of Jessica’s bad behavior had long trickled up to me, much to the consternation of my Beta, her brother. 
Because we had no current fulltime Luna, and because her sort of petty mean girl behavior wasn’t severe enough to warrant an Alpha’s attention, there had been little I could do up to this point. I’d hoped she’d grow out of it, but the arrival of Avery sounded like it’d sent her into a frenzy. 
1/2 
If Avery had managed to shut her down, that was very promising. I might finally have a weapon to use to get the female hierarchy of the pack in order once more. 
“Are you listening?” Jessica whined. She came around the desk and leaned over the back of my chair, her hands roaming down my chest. “You seem so tense.” Her hands kneaded at my shoulders, “Let me help you relax.” 
She shid around to the front of my chait and seated herself on my lap. Normally I might enjoy the attention, but lately I found I had little appetite for Jessica’s particular flavor of company. 
You’d rather be teasing Avery. My wolf was laughing. 
Shut up. 
I stood up, sliding Jessica off my lap. She stumbled and caught herself on my chair with a yelp. 
“Is that all?” I asked. 
“You’re not going to deal with Avery?” Jessica’s mouth dropped open. 
“Oh, I intend to deal with everyone who causes me unnecessary trouble.” I flashed her a very not-nice grin, and she shut her mouth with a snap. “Is that really what you want me to do?” 
She huffed and swayed towards me, “You know you’re welcome to investigate any part of me you’d like, Alpha.” she purred. 
Firmly I grasped her shoulders and pushed her towards the door. “Go, Jessica. Don’t come back again.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 23
Chapter 23 
I closed the door on her stunned, heartbroken face. 
It felt good. 
I went back to my desk. 
A minute later, the door opened again. I couldn’t believe Jessica’s tenacity, and was about to snap her head off when I saw it was Tegan, my Beta. He came over and handed me a large creamy envelope. 
“An invitation from Silvermoon.” he said with a grimace. “They are officially appointing their new Alpha and request that Nightwolf hierarchy attend.” 
“Ugh.” I made a noise in my throat, “And they extended us an invitation to try and patch over how terribly the last formal occasion went?” 
“Probably.” Tegan nodded, “However, I do think this gives you an opportunity.” 
I saw what he was hinting at, “You mean, to find my fated mate.” 
“Since we haven’t found any newly marked women in any of the nearby packs, you might be correct in your suspicions that she has been taken by rogues. Silvermoon pack is weaker, and as a result they are receiving the brunt of the rogue attacks lately. They might have more intel.” 
My body raced at the memory of my lovely mate on the floor of the forest, and the mysterious way she’d disappeared after. All thoughts of Avery, Jessica, or any other troublesome women evaporated. 
I will find her. I swear it. 
“Yes. Tell them we will be attending.” 
Avery’s POV 
It felt exceedingly strange to be driving back to Silvermoon Pack with Gideon. After our scene in the hallway with him a few days previous, the tension in the car was palpable. I focused on staring out the window and pretending like I wasn’t hyper-aware of his every movement, of the way he smelled, breathed, all of it. 
I avoided saying anything at all during the pack greetings, leaving the Betas to manage the formalities. I didn’t want to deal with more of Alpha Leon’s threats, or interact with Ryan in any way. I was almost successful. 
What I want to do, is see my mother. I need to make sure she’s ok. 
The actual ceremony would take place later in the day, which gave me time to duck out and head towards the place my mother lived. I headed down the path that led through the forest to her shack. I had only gone this way a handful of times since I was a 
child, but I knew every turn. 
Then Zara stepped out of the trees, flanked by several other girls who clustered around her and blocked my way. 
“Well, I knew it was only a matter of time before you slunk back.” Zara cackled, “Was my gift not enough to get you laid? Too bad only one of us is becoming a real Luna, and it’s not you.” 
The words were barbed and drew blood, but they also gave me the rush to fight back. 
“Letting someone sleep with you is not the flex you think it is.” I pointed out, examining my nails pointedly. “By those metrics, you’d be the Luna of most of the men in this pack.” 
Zara flushed red and stepped closer. 
“You’re just jealous that you’re still being treated as Ryan’s leftovers while I’m being treated as his queen.” she sniffed haughtily, “Soon I’ll be living in the main pack house, and I’ll be able to run things as I please.” 
1/2 
“Oh honey,” I let my voice drip condescension, “I already live in Gideon’s house and am running the pack kitchen and gardens. Are you sure Ryan’s not trying to keep you at arm’s length for another reason? Like maybe he isn’t that attracted to you?” 
Zara snarled and snapped at the air, her wolf leaping to the surface. She lunged at me, claws outstretched. 
There was a burst of light and the mark on my shoulder suddenly flared with heat. Zara yelped and changed her trajectory, falling back before she could reach me. 
The mark flared again, and I felt that imposing, powerful feeling like when Gideon had been barreling towards me the first time we’d met. 
Alpha energy! I realized with a start, and it’s coming from my mark! 
Zara and her group were whimpering and averting their gazes from me. When I stepped forward, they fell back. I stared at them in awe and confusion as my unknown mate’s mark forced them into submission. 
“What is happening here?” Gideon’s voice rang out on the path. He strode towards me, staring at my neck. 
Alarm shot through me as he approached. 
Oh no! Has he discovered my mark? 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 24
Chapter 24 
Avery’s POV 
I wondered if Gideon could hear my heart stuttering in my chest. I wanted to cover the mark with my hand, but also didn’t want to draw attention to it. 
At least it no longer felt like it was pulsing. I didn’t feel anything further emanating from it, now. 
Moon Goddess, I fervently prayed, please continue to protect me. 
Gideon’s gaze took in the scene and then looked me up and down. Although he stared hard at my neck, the mark seemed to have disappeared. I sensed somehow he seemed…disappointed? 
His expression grew thunderous as he turned away from me. Zara’s claws retracted and she and her group wouldn’t meet Gideon’s eyes. 
“Somehow every time I sense trouble, you’re involved.” Gideon snapped, “That’s not the impression a prospective Luna should leave.” 
For a second, I thought he was talking to me. Then I realized he was berating Zara. 
Oh how the tables have turned! I delighted in watching Zara cower in front of him. 
“Apologize.” Gideon snapped. 
“I’m sorry, Alpha.” Zara muttered. 
“Not to me.” Gideon roared. “To her.” He pointed at me. Zara looked like she’d rather eat glass. 
“It was a misunderstanding, Alpha.” she simpered, “Avery and I are family.” 
I nearly choked. While technically she was my step-sister, we had never acted like family. I raised an eyebrow. Gideon looked from me to Zara and back again. 
“When Silvermoon gave her up, she became mine. Don’t ever let me hear you claim anything relating to her again.” He growled, “Now, since your Alpha seems incapable, I will reprimand you in his place.” 
Gideon took a menacing step towards Zara, “I won’t say it again. Apologize.” 
She cowered and mumbled the world’s weakest apology, “Sorry.” 
“What was that?” Gideon held a hand to his ear. 
“Sorry, Avery.” Zara bit out. 
“Now leave.” he commanded, and within seconds Zara and her cronies were departing at speed down the path. He turned, watching them go. 
I took the opportunity to duck away. I didn’t want to answer any awkward questions about what Zara had said, or what had made her stop attacking. 
I ducked down a side path and snuck away as fast as I could while making little noise. It didn’t sound like Gideon was following me, and I was grateful he was letting it go. 
I arrived at the hovel where my mother lived and knocked on the grey boards outside her door before pulling aside the curtain and ducking in. 
(1 
‘Avery!” My mother wasted no time in gathering me into the tightest embrace. I hugged her back just as tightly. She smelled the same she always had, of clover and honey. 
I looked her over carefully, checking for signs of injury or misuse. She seemed a bit more worn, but unharmed. 
1/2 
To my amusement, she was doing the same to me. Her hands patted my shoulders and arms, making sure I was all in one piece. 
They told me they sent you off to marry that monster.” She tsk’ed. “But you seem to be filling out, so they must be feeding you.” 
“Oh mama,” I couldn’t let her worry, so I embellished a bit. “It’s not like that at all. Nightwolf pack has been very good to me, and once Gideon and I marry, I will be his Luma and I’ll bring you over to live with us.” 
“But is he good to you?” My mother brushed aside my plans for her relocation, “That’s the only thing that truly matters, my daughter. Don’t make the mistakes I made.” 
“He’s a good Alpha. His pack adores him and he leads them well.” I said, honestly. I couldn’t tell her how he and I were getting on, it was too confusing even for me to summarize. 
What would I say? He and I have ridiculous chemistry but I think he hates the idea of marrying me and mostly finds me irritating? 
My mother gave me a knowing look, “It sounds like a better place for you than here. If you think he’s the wolf for you, then you should marry right away. Imagine! My daughter as Luna of a pack!” 
She hummed happily and began making me a cup of tea. 
“Don’t worry, mama.” I laughed, “I’m doing everything in my power to marry Gideon as soon as possible.” I didn’t want her to 
worry. 
Besides, it’s technically true. I just don’t have much power… 
We sat and sipped tea for a little while after that, catching up. Finally I said my goodbyes and promised to see her again soon. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 25
Chapter 25 
I stepped outside her cabin and nearly bumped my nose into Gideon’s chest. He frowned down at me, looking furious. 
“Here you are.” he grumbled. 
Gideon’s POV 
“I’m doing everything in my power to marry Gideon as soon as possible.” 
I had just finished tracking my fiancé to this cabin in the middle of nowhere after she scurried away, when I heard Avery’s words carry easily outside the door. 
Wary anger flushed over me. I hadn’t gotten the impression Avery had genuinely wanted to marry me, and now this felt like confirmation that it was all a plan to manipulate me. 
Earlier I had been talking to Tegan when I’d felt a strange rush that I’d only felt once before. The feeling of my mystery mate drawing on my power in a time of need. 
It had shocked and thrilled me. It meant she was close! I had rushed down the path as the power surged, and saw a woman standing there, using the power to quell a group that was confronting her. 
Adrenaline and joy had overcome me. I found her! 
But when I got closer, the power had stopped, and it was just Avery standing there. There was no mark, and I no longer felt the pull of my mate. I had looked doubly close at her neck, but… nothing. 
Disappointment had slammed into me, and the fact that Avery had snuck away immediately afterward had been even more 
irritation. 
Now I had overheard her agenda. Just like every other person in my life, it seemed she had a plan for her personal advancement 
using me. 
And to think I’d hoped for a second that she was the one I’d been searching for! 
Now she walked beside me, looking innocent as usual. It was terrifying how she could switch her masks so easily. 
Who is this person who I’ve agreed to marry? 
I had always been able to trust my intuition in the past when it came to relationships and people. I didn’t trust easily. 
My judgment when it came to Avery had been that she was sweet, cute, willful, and naive. She learned quickly and she acted with 
her heart. 
That didn’t match with this Avery who was angling to become my wife for unknown reasons. 
I hated that somehow she’d influenced me to be on her side. It made me doubt my own judgment and senses. 
There’s just too much about her that I don’t know or understand. 
We entered the ceremony hall filled with high-society members from several packs in the area. Events like this were often where wolves fine-tuned their status in their individual hierarchies. There were always those who would use any method possible to climb the social ladder. 
I moved through the crowd as I usually did, which is to say, in the direction of the bar. The fawning of sycophants wore me out, and I wasn’t in the mood for a dalliance. There were several on offer, if the gossip by the wealthy wives was anything to go by. 
Snide questions about when Avery and I would be married were aimed my way repeatedly as I made my way across the floor. I grew irritated by the repetition and started just answering with, “It happens when it happens.” 
I guess that was the wrong response. I thought with disgust, as the wolves’ faces lit up with delight and I saw them eyeing Avery 
1/2 
with disdain. Bold of them to assume that it had anything to do with them. Now they thought I didn’t want the match. 
Well, I don’t, do I? I frowned, Why is everything relating to Avery so confusing? 
“Oh, arranged marriages are always so difficult,” one woman crooned with mock sympathy, laying her hand on my arm while pointedly looking at Avery. 
My temper flared and I opened my mouth to tell her she should keep her inferences, and her hands, to herself, but Avery spoke before I did. 
“Really?” She said calmly, and with convincing sincerity. “I find a relationship based on respect for each other’s strengths and role is refreshingly simple.” 
The woman blinked in surprise that Avery hadn’t responded to her insinuations the way she expected. 
“Oh, but surely some amount of attraction is required!” another woman tittered. 
“Why? Will I do my job as Luna better if I have men falling over me? My feelings don’t factor into it.” Avery laughed disdainfully, 
She finished with a significant glance at the other gossipers, “If Gideon likes me or not, that is his business. I know how to mind mine.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 26
Chapter 26 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon’s dangerous gaze was fixated on me as I spoke. He seemed like he was trying to see through me, to tell if I was telling the truth. His intense scrutiny made my blood turn to ice in my veins. 
Ok, so maybe what I said was a bit optimistic. I don’t know that I can make this ‘relationship’ work if we remain strangers to each other. But, he didn’t need to throw me to these sharks so publicly! 
His indifference might have just been his own facade, but he was the one being naive if he didn’t think these women would find any excuse to get rid of me and insert themselves in my place. 
Their mockery doesn’t bother me, I’m used to that. They just want to see me embarrassed so they can leave the imprints of their heels in my back as they climb over my body. 
I felt the deep irony of knowing they would be even more incredulous if they knew that I hadn’t chosen any of this. Everyone thought they wanted to be with the heartless Alpha, until they were the one actually on the wedding podium. 
I could understand what they thought. Gideon had this horrible reputation outside of Nightwolf, but his power and good looks were evident to anyone who met him. A desperate wolf would see only the opportunities, and hope they could survive the rest. 
Like me. I’m just doing my best to survive. 
I stared placidly back into Gideon’s stormy eyes. 
You picked the wrong survivor, if you think I’m going to quit easily. I thought. 
Finally he turned away and stalked off towards the bar. 
I guess he agrees this arrangement is acceptable. 
A part of me felt dejected that he was so casual about our relationship, but emotional connections just made everything messy, in my experience. It’s better this way, I suppose. More clear cut. 
I wandered to the dessert table and was selecting something chocolate-y to eat along with my feelings when Ryan appeared. He had a look of urgency and snagged my wrist, pulling me through a staff door and into a back hallway. 
“Hey!” I exclaimed, watching my carefully selected treats be abandoned on a napkin still on the table as he tugged me along, “I was eating those!” 
The door shut behind us and now it was just Ryan and I standing in the hallway outside the kitchen where there was a great commotion of dishes and shouting as they prepared for the larger pack feast after the ceremony. 
Ryan’s face looked stricken. At first I thought this was about my confrontation with Zara, but he seemed… more upset. Despite the shitty way we’d parted, I still felt concern for him and his well-being. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked. Maybe his father was sick, or one of our friends had been harmed in the fighting? 
“Avery,” Ryan grabbed my hand in both of his, “I want you back.” 
What the actual… 
“Wha-?” I sputtered.. 
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. Did this man just… really think I would want anything to do with him after what had happened 
“I don’t even mind that you’ve been marked!” Ryan went on, completely oblivious, “I’m willing to cover it up! But I… still have feelings for you.” 
1/3 
I repressed the retch that threatened to spill from my lips and yanked my hand from his. 
How pathetic. Only now does he realize what he gave up? How did I not see that he was this deplorable before? 
My wolf snarled in my mind, sending me a burst of love that carried with it the strong sense that I wasn’t to blame myself for Ryan’s failings. 
“You… have feelings for me…” I repeated, slowly. 
“They never really stopped.” Ryan looked miserable, but somehow I was having a hard time believing his pitiable act. “I shouldn’t have slept with Zara, I’m sorry.” 
“Well, it’s a bit late for that, isn’t it!” I snapped, “And now you think you can just take me back and everything will be like it was?” 
“Yes!” Ryan didn’t seem to grasp it was a question, “I know you might not believe me, but I miss you. I love you! And…” 
He got down on one knee while I gaped at him in disbelief, “I should announce Zara as my Luna tonight once I’m made Alpha, but if you agree, I’m willing to choose you instead!” 
“Have you… consulted your parents? Or Zara about this” I choked out, stunned. “Because this is classic Ryan behavior.” 
He blinked up at me in surprise as my voice rose angrily. 
“Typical for you! You have a feeling that you don’t know how to handle so you make a rash choice. Except every time it’s me who takes the fall for it! You get in trouble, and then somehow I pay the price!” I berated him. 
“And now you think you can just swap me in for Zara, like we’re interchangeable! Feelings don’t work that way, Ryan, and if you thought about someone other than yourself for once, you would understand that!” 
Seeing that I wouldn’t relent, Ryan reached out and grabbed my hands again, but his face twisted into an ugly expression this time, “Did you sleep with Gideon Don’t tell me you think you’ve already fallen for him in just a few days! Can you really say that you don’t love me anymore?” 
There it is. He just wants to know that I didn’t throw him away. Projection much? 
His questions were awful, and showed just what he actually thought of me. Any love and care I still carried for him withered away to nothing. 
I kept silent and refused to look at him. 
Instead, I watched the door to the hallway swing open. 
Gideon entered. He took one look at Ryan clinging onto me from where he knelt on the floor and my disgusted expression, and placed his boot on his chest and kicked him backwards through the door. 
Stunned, Ryan slid on his back into the ceremony hall, swiftly followed by Gideon who bore down on him with a look of 
murderous intent. 
“Touch her again and I will take your hide for my wall.” Gideon warned. 
Ryan scrambled away and to his feet, embarrassed and humiliated in front of the hall full of guests. He snarled and lunged back towards Gideon. Gideon’s eyes lit up at the challenge and he moved to meet Ryan with terrifying speed. 
I was about to see Gideon destroy my ex in front of his own pack, I realized. 
Strangely, I’m okay with that. 
My wolf agreed. 
Just as they were about to come to blows, Zara stepped between them and diverted Ryan away. I couldn’t hear what she said, but 
the fight broke up before it started. 
How embarrassing for Ryan on the day of his own Alpha ceremony! 
Then another thought occurred to me, Oh, I guess that’s probably why Gideon stood up for me as well – he was probably just saving face. 
I felt more crestfallen at this perspective. Numbly, I stood in the doorway as Gideon returned and took my arm. He pulled me into the back hallway and out the back exit of the building. 
The sun was sinking below the trees, a golden deflating balloon. It reflected off the planes of Gideon’s face and brightened his hair. He was painted in gold, but his eyes were cold iron. 
“Did you have a thing with Ryan before?” he demanded. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 27
Chapter 27 
Gideon’s POV 
I dragged Avery behind me through the back hallway and out into the open air. She followed me compliantly, and a part of me was pleased that she was so willing to let me lead her to where we could talk. 
I spun her to face me, and the setting sun behind her crowned her with a golden halo. Her eyes were shadowed with sadness as she spoke. 
“Ryan and I were together before the Full Mating Moon.” she said softly, “Then we broke up. 
19 
Is she upset because they’re not together? I stared at her, trying to read the expression in those bottomless eyes. No. I don’t think that’s it. 
Still, there had been something there. Something that was strong enough to still be causing her pain. I found myself furious at the situation.. 
I had read Ryan immediately upon meeting him. He was a young, dumb Alpha. Maybe one day with wisdom and a lot of hard earned lessons he would be a competent leader, but he was far from that now. 
The fact that he’d managed to hurt someone in my pack infuriated me, even if it had happened before we had met. And for it to 
be Avery… 
Why am I so possessive over her? She made it clear where we stand. 
I thought back to what she had said in the ceremony hall, “My feelings don’t factor into it.” she had said. 
But clearly she’d had feelings for Ryan. Feelings that she doesn’t have for me. Again, jealousy submerged my heart. 
It was just a past fling. I shouldn’t care. 
But you do. My wolf said softly. 
I do. 
I was angry, but looking at Avery’s downturned face, I knew I had no right to be angry at her. I swallowed the feeling as Tegan approached. 
“Alpha.” he nodded and I stepped away, knowing he would only bother me if it was important. “We found a lead on her.” Tegan 
said in a low voice. 
My fate mate? I felt a flare of hope in my heart spark back to life. 
“There’s a connection with the rogues that Silvermoon has encountered in this area so far.” Tegan explained. 
I moved further away to discuss the new revelations with Tegan. 
“We canvassed all local warriors who had encountered rogues near the border area where you had marked your mate.” Tegan elaborated, “Based on their reports, there are many women who have been taken and imprisoned. One of those women was likely your mate, which is why we haven’t been able to locate her.” 
My hands curled into fists, “Hunt down the rogue’s lair, and destroy it immediately.” 
Curse Silvermoon for not handling this sooner. If something has happened to our mate… 
What if Avery is our Fate Mate? My wolf interrupted suddenly, distracting me from the rest of Tegan’s report. I could still see Avery over his shoulder, leaning against the stone wall, staring off into the forest. Her silhouette climbed the wall behind her, outlining her in black shadow. 
I stared at her for a long moment, considering. Tegan, sensing the shift, turned to see what I was staring at. 
712 
After a moment, my Beta cautiously spoke, “I didn’t realize Avery had been mistreated here. I should have done more careful research before we made the alliance.” 
I remembered the cruel faces of the wolves who had tried to separate us in the ceremony hall. The strange encounter with Zara and the other women on the path with Avery. They had thought to increase their own status by harming what was mine. 
And for that, they will pay. I let a nasty smile crawl over my face. Seeing it, Tegan grew wary. 
“Your orders, Alpha?” 
Igave him a list of names. Those who had made the mistake of letting me overhear their snide comments directed at my fiancee, or who I suspected had played a role in making her life miserable. 
“Terminate our dealings with all of them.” I directed, cold fury setting itself resolutely into my bones. 
Avery had handled the situation well, not showing any weakness to the wolves prowling for scraps from my table. I would find out what had been done to her, and hunt down every last tormentor who didn’t heed my warning henceforth. 
“It shall be done, Alpha.” Tegan saluted, and quickly went to carry out my orders. 
Avery’s POV 
“Did you have a thing with Ryan before?” Gideon demanded. 
We stood behind the ceremony hall, outside the back exit. Inside, I could hear the Alpha Ceremony starting, but it looked like we were going to be missing it. 
Oh no. How terrible that I am going to miss my horrible ex and step-sister becoming Alpha and Luna of my horrible former pack. I thought, without a trace of sincerity. 
I told him the truth. 
There was no reason to do otherwise. 
I watched my usually dispassionate Alpha grit his teeth and flash his eyes as I revealed what Ryan and I had meant to each other. 
Then I watched him swallow the feeling and once again display that unconcerned and cool facade I was used to. It was like watching a master class in concealing his true self. A part of me admired it, and a part of me was terrified at how adept he was at veiling himself from me. 
When Tegan pulled him away to report on pack business, I sensed that mask slipping once more. Gideon was distressed, and somehow I felt that. 
Maybe I am getting better at sensing his moods. I thought, hopefully. It would certainly make my life easier. 
Perhaps I could make his life easier as well. 
Our complicated relationship aside, he had done more to protect me in the last two weeks than anyone had my whole life. I was grateful for that, if nothing else. 
It seemed like the warriors were about to head out on pack business. They would miss the ceremony banquet. 
Previously Gideon hadn’t wanted sweet baked goods after his return. 
I shivered, remembering how he’d looked when he’d come back from their last skirmish, exhausted and covered in blood, but no less deadly. Every inch of him had exuded lethal menace. 
Perhaps something fresher would entice this time. There was a patch of wild strawberries I knew of which was ripening. I could pick him some and give them to him with a simple dinner when they returned. 
Besides, I wanted to do just about anything except return to that banquet hall with those nasty wolves. I’d had enough drama for 
one day, and would be thrilled to get in the pack vehicles and return home to Nightwolf once our business here was concluded. 
Home. I thought, startled. 
When did I start thinking of Nightwolf as home? 
Musing on that transformation, I grabbed my jacket and headed down the path. 
I was just looking for the tall pine tree that indicated the turnoff for the meadow with the wild strawberries when pain exploded 
behind my eyes. 
I crumpled to the ground, pain splitting my skull. 
“Got her.” I heard someone say from what felt like very far away. A muddy boot landed inches in front of my nose where I sprawled on the path. 
Consciousness was slipping from me. I could feel my wolf raging, snarling as my vision faded to black. 
“Special… that one…” the voices were distorted, as though they’d been filtered through deep water. “…Moon Goddess… heir…” 
And then I was gone. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 28
Chapter 28 
Avery’s POV 
I awoke slowly, like swimming up through deep water. 
There was a strange, metallic taste in my mouth, and my head pounded. I was laying on a hard surface. Dirt, perhaps? 
My limbs felt far-away and heavy. They didn’t respond to my attempts to move. 
All I could do was lay here. 
Weariness overtook me and I dreamed. 
In my dream, members of Nightwolf were surrounding me, supporting me. I saw a few faces I knew; Anna, and Melody, and Gideon’s family. They were smiling and clapping as though something good had happened. They embraced me with genuine affection. Anna handed me a small cake and said, “Welcome back!” while Melody excitedly hugged my arm… 
I woke to the feeling of someone shaking my arm. At first, I thought it was Zara. She was always grabbing onto me and pushing me around. I shoved at her, trying to free myself, but my hands were gripped tight. 
Slowly, my eyes adjusted to the darkness around me. There was a person leaning over me trying to pull me to my feet. I pulled my arm away and heard them curse as they lost their balance and tripped. 
I didn’t recognize their voice. 
One of the kidnappers? A rogue? My heart was racing a mile a minute. I felt like I couldn’t take a full breath. 
I had to try to alert someone to where I was! I inhaled as much as I could and screamed. 
Rough hands slapped over my mouth. My captor shoved me back down to subdue me, but my strength was coming back. I pushed and kicked back at them. 
I felt my mark flare with heat on the side of my neck and strong, dominant energy emanated away from me. The shadowy figure dropped their eyes, disoriented, and threw themselves off of me. They darted away into the bushes. 
So my mark was still protecting me! That was something at least. 
Still, I had no idea where I was. The forest around me was pitch black. 
I could hear rustling nearby and voices arguing, but couldn’t make out what they were saying. 
My stomach rumbled. I hadn’t eaten since before leaving Nightwolf territory for the Alpha Ceremony in Silvermoon. Assuming I’d been out for several hours, it had been almost a full day since I’d eaten. I was so hungry. 
Did my captors plan on keeping me and feeding me? Or were they planning on harming me? I needed to try and escape either 
way. 
My hands were tied together at the wrists. The rope binding them had been tied to a tree nearby. 
Moving slowly, I crawled to the end of the rope, where it was knotted, and began trying to untie it. My hands were stiff and sore from the tight knots. It was hard to feel my fingers. 
“Hey! What are you doing!” someone yelled at me. 
“She’s trying to untie herself!” 
“Damn this girl!” another voice cursed. 
I heard footsteps running toward me in the darkness. Again, my mark flared, and they paused a short distance away. 
“We can’t get close!” One of them yelled. 
“Get the bugs.” A cold, commanding voice snapped. This one I hadn’t heard previously. 
Bugs? What bugs?! 
Whatever it was, I didn’t plan on waiting around to find out. I tried to work faster. If I could just get these knots undone, I could try to slip into the trees and disappear. 
I was beginning to make progress loosening the knots when I heard a sinister clicking sound. 
Something was crawling towards me across the ground. 
It had a sinuous black body that glinted in the moonlight. Far too many legs swam along its sides. Huge orange pincers were at the front of its head, while long stingers trailed off of its tail. 
So, this was how my captors planned on securing my cooperation. 
I screamed as the creature swarmed towards me. Its sharp jaws waved as it, scurried across the forest floor. 
“No, no!” I shrieked as it crawled across my boot and up my leg. 
I tried to kick at it, but was too fast. It was already crawling under my clothing and up my leg. 
I tried to bring my hands down to knock it away, but the rope was too short and I couldn’t reach! 
With a horrifying hiss, the creature plunged its fangs into me. 
I screamed as tremendous pain like the stinging of a thousand wasps punctured the inside of my thigh. I could see the creature pumping venom into the bite. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 29
Chapter 29 
Pain flooded my sight with darkness, I tried to keep breathing, tried to maintain consciousness. My strength was flowing away, drained by the poison pumping through my body. I lay moaning on the forest floor. 
I dragged myself to the tree and leaned against it, panting. Even that small distance had sapped me of all my energy. 
Suddenly, screams and commotion filled the forest glade. I heard the sounds of a struggle, and the horrible rending of flesh. The 
sounds died away. 
Someone was walking towards me out of the darkness. 
“No, no, no!” I cried out. 
Would my mark save me? 
It lay dormant and did nothing. 
A pair of strong legs and boots appeared in my vision. I kicked at them. 
The person ducked and grabbed my ankles in their strong hands. 
With a shock, I realized it was Gideon. His strong, handsome face solidified out of the darkness, frowning at me as he easily 
subdued my kicks. 
“Get up,” he growled. 
I stared at him in shock. Where had he come from? What had happened to the people who had been imprisoning me here? 
“Up.” Gideon’s hands removed the rope from the tree, and he pulled me to my feet. He quickly untied my hands, tossing the 
rope to the side. 
“Let’s go.” he said. When I didn’t move, he tugged at my arm. I took a step forward and screamed with pain. The bite on the inside of my thigh was excruciating. I fell back to the ground. 
Gideon’s hands were on my legs again. Deftly, he moved the layers of clothing to the side until he found the bite. I looked down, seeing the puncture mark on my thigh and the red skin on either side. 
Gideon sighed and leaned forward, kneeling on the ground between my legs. His hands cleared the area around the wound of fabric, pulling it roughly to the side. The bite was relatively high on my inner thigh. 
Swiftly, he parted my thighs and leaned down as though he was about to place his mouth over the wound. 
“What are you-?” I breathed, “No, don’t!” I kicked out and tried to push myself backwards away from him. 
Gideon gave me a quelling glance. 
“Don’t act up, unless you want to die,” he said, coldly. He firmly grabbed my leg again, yanking me towards him, and dipped his head. 
Seeing the Nightwolf Alpha on his knees between my legs was shocking. I tried to look away, to think about anything else. It was so awkward to have him touching me like this. 
I felt embarrassed that, once again, Gideon had to come to my rescue. He would think I was so useless. 
Our intimate position was mortifying as he prepared to suck the venom from my wound. The way my clothing was ripped away was very exposing. 
I couldn’t imagine my old Alpha in Silvermoon doing this for me, or anyone. Even Ryan would probably have just left me to die. 
“How can you do this?” I gasped as Gideon’s lips grazed my thigh. 
Gideon raised his head to glare at me. His eyes flashed yellow in the darkness, and his voice was bitterly cold as he snapped, Don’t overthink this. My reputation is bad enough, without leaving my fiancée to die for no reason.” 
“l 
I fell silent, considering his words. Certainly, his reputation was already sinister. Another unexplained missing female tied to Gideon would only add to his alleged list of crimes. 
And yet, he truly hadn’t seemed to care at all about his reputation before. Why would he start now? 
Once more, Gideon’s hands gripped my thigh firmly, keeping me from moving. He lowered his head, and gently placed his mouth over the bite. His lips felt warm and soft on my skin, and I fought the urge to wiggle. 
I groaned as he began to suck the poison from the wound. The relief of pressure was instantaneous. Carefully and meticulously, he spat the venom to the side and then returned to place his mouth on me again. 
Looking at his head between my legs made me feel another way as well. The way he firmly held me in place. His mouth closed over my skin. 
To my shame, I felt I wasn’t as indifferent to Gideon as I had hoped. My body was reacting quite strongly to his presence… 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 30
Chapter 30 
Avery’s POV 
I lay stiff and awkward as Gideon’s mouth moved on my thigh. 
I stared at the stars overhead and tried to think about anything else. 
Not about how I could feel the slight scratch of stubble on his cheek where it scratched on my delicate skin. 
Not about how hot his lips and tongue felt. 
Not about how his strong hands gripped my thigh so firmly. 
Finally, he finished. 
I flinched as his hands tore the fabric of my clothing to create bandage strips. Deftly, he wrapped my leg and hauled me to my 
feet. 
“Tha-… Thank you.” I hissed as my leg flared with pain. It was better than it had been but still hurt to put weight on it. 
In a fluid, powerful motion, Gideon pulled me into his arms and lifted me. 
“Do not run off again.” He growled as he carried me out of the forest. 
I slept exhaustedly on the ride back to Nightwolf. My body ached from my night in the forest and the poison’s effects. 
I woke up to Gideon opening the door to the sedan and lifting me out into an early morning sunrise. Tegan and others moved in to help but he growled at them and they backed away until he’d set me on my feet in the courtyard. 
Despite Gideon’s usual dour expression, there was some applause and cheering as I stepped out. I looked around at their smiling faces, recognizing Gideon’s family, the pack cook, Anna, and Melody, my friend from gardening. 
They were all looking at me with genuine affection. Anna stepped forward and handed me a small cake she’d baked. 
“Welcome back!” she said, while Melody touched my arm in greeting. 
This is so weird, I thought, it’s exactly like my dream I had when those rogues drugged me… 
I didn’t know what to say, but the strange feeling of deja vu persisted until I left the courtyard and limped towards the house. I had never felt that feeling this strongly before. 
Could it be that I had some sort of prophetic vision? And if so, what could have caused it? 
The rogues had hit me quite hard on the head, and they had also drugged me in some way. Could that have somehow induced clairvoyance? 
I had never heard of that happening to anyone I knew, and if I mentioned it, these people would probably think I was crazy. 
I swallowed the thoughts swirling in my mind, and allowed Gideon to lead me firmly to a seat at the dining table. 
“I have questions.” Gideon seated himself across from me as other pack members filed into the room. “The rogues who took you have perpetrated other kidnappings. What do you remember?” 
Haltingly, I told him what I knew. About the blow on the path, the strange taste in my mouth. I skipped over the part where my mark had repelled my kidnappers, but I did tell him about how they’d tied me up and released the bug that attacked me. 
“Did you see any girls your age?” Gideon demanded. His eyes were fierce and his tone imperative. 
“No, I didn’t see anyone. It was dark, and I couldn’t see the rogues’ faces at all.” 
Gideon slumped back in his chair, disappointed. 
“Alpha, the prisoners are ready for interrogation,” Tegan said after a moment of silence while Gideon was thinking. 
“I am on my way” 
Gideon rose from the table and walked out the door without a backward glance, leaving me sitting awkwardly alone in front of the assembled group of pack members who began to talk to each other excitedly. 
Jessica slid into the seat across the table from me, her beautiful face wrenched into its usual arrogant expression. 
She leaned across the table and said, “Do you know why Gideon cares so much about this?” 
I ignored her, turning my head away, but I admit, my ears were perked for her following words. 
“Because,” she said sweetly, “He already has a Fate Mate, but the rogues captured her. Gideon loves her very much, and you’re just a nuisance to him.” 
I had known that he’d had a marked mate already, but I hadn’t known she’d been kidnapped. I had assumed he’d done something awful to her, but the truth was much sadder than that. 
No wonder he didn’t care about me. 
I wanted to dismiss what Jessica was saying, but there was the ring of truth to it. My heart sank and I felt a pang of bitterness. 
If Gideon truly cared about his fated mate, then we truly were never going to work out. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 31
Chapter 31 
If we married, I would always be the other woman, trying to fill a missing woman’s shoes. 
And if she turned up… 
Why would Gideon even think twice about keeping me around if his true fated mate could be his Luna? I was just a temporary fill -in-someone to honor the treaty so that he could avoid war with Silvermoon Pack 
It would be better for everyone if I were to disappear. I could try to rescue my mother and go, but first, I needed to call off this ill- 
fated engagement. 
It would be better to have Gideon hate me now for calling it off than for me to continue to stay here, where I would never be 
wanted. 
My mother and I would just have to find another place to stay, someplace far from here, where no one knew us, perhaps. Maybe my mark would protect us if we struck out on our own. 
“Avery,” Camila appeared at my side, then she turned to Jessica, “Don’t you have somewhere else to be?” She gave her a hard look. 
Sinuous as an eel, Jessica rose from the chair and headed towards the doorway. Before she left, she leaned over my chair and 
said, 
“You’re never going to be wanted here. Remember that,” and then she sashayed away. 
“Oh, that viper.” Camila sighed, watching Jessica go. “Don’t listen to anything she says. She’s just mad that Gideon chose you instead of her.” 
“But if he has a Fate Mate, why would he choose either of us?” I asked miserably. 
“Oh, that rumored fated mate? Gideon only met her once and doesn’t even know if she’s still alive! No one else has ever even seen her. I wouldn’t worry about her.” Camila’s tone was kind as she helped me up the stairs to my bedroom. 
“Gideon likes you as much as he likes anyone,” she tried to reassure me as she helped me into my bed to rest and then pulled 
the curtains and left. 
I knew she was trying to comfort me, but it was hard to feel reassured hearing about this mysterious mate who may or may not truly exist. 
I stared at the wall, thinking about my predicament, until it blurred into the darkness behind my eyelids. 
There was a man in my bed behind me. I should have felt frightened, but something about him felt right. His strong arms pulled me towards him, gripping my hip with one hand while the other moved the hair away from the side of my neck and placed a 
tender kiss there. 
It was him! The man I’d met in the woods on the Mating Moon. I turned towards him eagerly as he parted my legs and settled between them. His teeth grazed over my mark, and I felt the heat of desire swell at his touch. I groaned as he entered me, pushing hard in all the right places. Every movement felt like fire, and I shuddered as his hands roamed over my skin. 
“Oh yes, more!” I moaned. 
Faster and faster, the man filled me with his length and lifted my hips to seat himself more firmly between my legs. His touches were tender and loving, and it was as though we had been lovers for a long time. 
Every place I wanted him to touch, he was there. Every time I wanted him to speed up, or slow down, he intuitively responded to my cues. It was glorious. 
A beam of moonlight fell on my mystery lover’s face, and I was shocked to see that I knew him. I would know that handsome 
1/2 
face anywhere, but the last place I’d expected to see it was in my bed. 
It’s Gideon! I gasped… 
…and startled myself awake. 
I was soaking all over, blushing bright red, and alone in the privacy of my room. I flopped to my side and buried my face into my pillow with an unsatisfied moan. 
Why would I dream of him like that? I cursed. The dream had felt so real, I could still imagine the way his fingers had drawn across my skin and the way he had filled me to the hilt. 
The last time I had dreamed so vividly had been when I had dreamed of my return to Nightwolf. Did that mean this was another prophetic dream? 
Was this some glimpse of the future? It had felt so… perfect. Like we had truly known each other, and our passion was genuine. 
If it were something that would come to pass, what would trigger it? 
And when? 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 32
Chapter 32 
Gideon’s POV 
The rogue wolves we had captured in our raid in the forest were chained against the far wall of our holding area. It would be ostentatious to call it a dungeon. It was really just a glorified shed that normally held mechanical parts. 
Now it held three of the scruffiest, rankest dogs I’d seen in a long while. Their disheveled state was at odds with the concerted way they’d attacked, and that dissonance troubled me. 
Again I had the disturbing thought that there had to be a singular person coordinating their movements… 
Or an organization. 
I was wasting time pondering when the answers could be right here in front of me. I cracked my knuckles and watched the men squirm as they watched me approach. 
“Gentlemen,” my tone suggested I thought of them as anything but, “have either of you ever spent much time in a library?” 
Their blank and confused expressions indicated this was exceedingly unlikely. 
“Well, when one needs information, more scholarly folks would go to the library and crack open the spines of some books until they found what they needed.” I gave my most sinister grin, “I confess that I use a similar process when I need information. Except the spines are more literal.” 
They were already talking before I finished pantomiming what I meant. 
“We don’t know anything!” one protested at the same time the other said, “I’ll tell you whatever you want to know!” 
Both turned to glare at each other. 
I gestured at Tegan to start taking notes, and began to ask my questions. 
When I was finished, I headed straight for Avery’s room. 
Avery’s POV 
My dream of Gideon was still pounding in my blood when an aggressive knock sounded on my bedroom door. 
“One moment!” I stammered. 
When I opened the door, I found myself staring at Gideon’s broad chest. 
Unbidden, the memory of my sexy dream came to mind. I flushed bright red. 
“Umm.” I swallowed and backed away as Gideon pushed into the room. 
“Still sleeping?” His eyes swept around my room, taking in my rumpled and probably sweaty bedsheets. 
“Have a seat?” I said, awkwardly, but Gideon instead stalked around the perimeter of my bedroom, peering into corners and at the various book titles I’d borrowed from his family’s library. 
He ignored the invitation. 
“I just came from having an extended conversation with some… guests.” He paused and turned his head to peer at me, “do you know what they said?” 
I shook my head, confused. I had no idea what he was talking about. 
Gideon moved closer. 
“When you were tied up, you say you didn’t get a good look at the rogues who imprisoned you. They never got close to you?” 
1/3 
I shook my head again, wondering how I could explain without mentioning my mark. 
“They started to, but then they ran away.” I said, sticking as close to the truth as I could, “I don’t know why.” 
“You don’t?” Gideon sounded skeptical, “because the rogues we captured told me a very interesting version of those events.” 
I blinked, wondering what they had said. Then I noticed the blood on Gideon’s hands. 
My eyes went wide, and I stared at his hands and then at his face. He just stared back at me, waiting. 
“I… don’t remember…is that blood?” My voice got slightly high pitched as I asked, not wanting to know the answer. 
I backed away slowly, stumbling slightly. 
“Your wound.” Gideon leaned forward, frowning. “You haven’t had it checked by the doctor?” 
I blushed and looked away. No, I hadn’t wanted anyone near that part of me after… him. 
“It needs to be well cleaned.” Gideon stalked forward, wiping his hands on his trousers, rubbing away the offending droplets of blood. “Let me look at it.” 
“No!” I yelped, “I mean… it’s fine.” 
I saw how I could use the injury to my advantage here. 
“I don’t remember much from last night.” I said, somewhat truthfully. “The rogues came near, but the venom makes everything hazy. I never saw their faces.” That much was true. The bite just happened after my mark protected me. 
“Hmm.” Gideon was still advancing. 
Suddenly he grabbed my arm and pulled me towards him. He pulled me off balance and threw me over his shoulder one- handed, heading for the bed. 
“Wha-? Wait!” I squeaked, flailing at his back. “You can’t!” 
“I can, and I will.” Gideon said, firmly. 
He deposited me ingloriously onto the bed on my back and easily held me down with one arm thrown over my hips. 
“This pack and its members are my responsibility.” He continued, as he twitched the corner of my houserobe to the side, revealing my injured thigh through the slit. “If you won’t take care of yourself, then I will make sure you do.” 
I inhaled sharply as his fingers carefully brushed over the healing skin. It was bruised and tender, but the pain was much more 
muted than before. 
His fingers traced the scabbed over puncture marks of the creature’s fangs, and then the wider bruise that showed the shape of his mouth in purple where he’d sucked out the poison. 
His touch was like lightning. Already I had been aroused by my dream, prophecy? of us together. To have him touching me like 
this was too much. Too soon. 
“I will take care of it!” I arched my back and wiggled away from him. For a moment, he resisted my bucking, holding me in place. Then suddenly he released me. 
Seeing my moment to escape, I dove towards the bathroom. 
“I’ll bathe now. Excuse me!” I darted inside and slammed and locked the door behind me. 
On the other side of the door, I let myself slump against the countertop. 
My heart was pounding. Not just from Gideon’s proximity, but from his questions. It seemed like he’d let it go for now, but if he came back with more questions I didn’t know what I would say. 
2/3 
There was no doubt in my mind that he wasn’t above using violence to find out what others knew. The evidence was already on his hands. Would he do the same to me if he suspected I was more than I seemed? 
I couldn’t let him see me as a threat to the pack in any way. 
I walked across the tile to the bathtub and started the water. As the tub filled, I undressed. 
In the mirror, my skin was crisscrossed with marks from what had happened in the woods yesterday. My wrists were chaffed from the bindings, and the bruises on my thighs stood out livid against my skin. 
Worse than all that, my nipples were hard as rocks. 
Great. 
Betrayed by my own body. 
I stomped angrily back to the tub, determined to wash away any signs of any- 
THUMP 
My feet slid out from under me on the humid floor and I went down with a crash. 
“Owww…” I crumpled on the floor, rubbing at my skidded knees. 
“Avery?” Gideon’s voice was loud on the other side of the door. Oh god, he was still here 
I peeled some scuffed skin off of my palms and ignored him. Couldn’t he take a hint and leave? 
“Avery!” Gideon yelled. “I’m coming in!” 
I scrambled for a towel unsuccessfully as Gideon battered the door open. 
Crap. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 33
Chapter 33 
Gideon’s POV 
For a girl with a wounded leg, she sure could move fast. 
I watched the door to Avery’s bathroom swing shut, a bemused frown on my face. 
Although her wound was healing, it could easily become infected, and I would much prefer that she have it treated. 
Unfortunately, the pack doctor was not my first choice for someone I wanted that close to the future Luna. 
I had my reasons. 
The bathroom was quiet, and I wondered if Avery even planned on bathing, or if she’d just been trying to get away from me. 
I rose from the bed and quietly walked over towards the door. My keen ears could hear her breathing on the other side, and then the rustling of clothes dropping to the floor. 
I closed my eyes and concentrated. I could picture her robe dropping from her slim shoulders. The way her hair cascaded down 
her back. 
It all came readily to my imagination and I indulged the moment. 
As I heard the water start, I imagined her leaning over the side of the tub. Those hips that were oh-so-grabbable on full display. 
I remembered the time I had cornered her in the hallway outside. 
The way she had sounded when she’d moaned in my ear had been delicious. A part of me wanted to open that door and make her 
moan for me again. 
The skin on her thighs had been so soft beneath my fingertips. 
And my lips. 
When I had received the report that there were signs of a scuffle on the path in Silvermoon territory, and that Avery was missing, I had felt my heart leap into my throat. 
She may not be my fated mate, but my pack needed a Luna and she was… acceptable. 
She was also distracting. 
Until my true mate showed up. 
I rested my forehead on the door and closed my eyes in frustration. 
I needed to get back to work. 
The rogue prisoners had told me that a marked girl had been captured, and that one of the prisoners had managed to repel them with an Alpha’s power. 
That sounded like my mate. 
But they weren’t sure which of the captured girls and women it had been. They had all been tied up in different parts of the forest, and some had been moved before we had gotten there. 
I swore under my breath. 
Silvermoon had really fucked up in letting my mate be captured. 
They hadn’t been mounting patrols with any sort of regularity, and as a result the rogues had set up warrens all across their territory. 
It made me furious that any Alpha could fail his pack so spectacularly. The only grace I could give was that they were mid- transition from Old Alpha to New, and that could be… messy. 
Not only had my mate been taken, but their mistakes had resulted in Avery’s capture. 
For those two reasons, I hated them. 
The sound of running water on the other side of the door pulled me away from imagining the nasty things I would do to make my displeasure known to Silvermoon. 
I heard the slap of Avery’s feet on the tile as she moved towards the bath, and then a loud crash and thud. 
There was silence, then a groan of pain. 
“Avery?” I frowned at the door. That had sounded like she had fallen. 
Stupid girl. She really needed to not be walking on that leg. Not until she’d recovered. 
There was only silence on the other side of the door. 
What if she’d hit her head and knocked herself out? That thought added urgency to my call. 
“Avery! I’m coming in!” 
I put my shoulder to the door and opened it easily. Those flimsy doorlatches were mere annoyances as I forced my way in. 
She was sprawled on the floor in a heap. 
All skin. All curves. 
I didn’t see any blood. 
“So stupid.” I growled at myself. I should have known not to leave her unattended in her state. 
I turned off the water, then leaned down and scooped her off the floor easily. 
Avery made some disgruntled noise but I ignored it. The most important thing for now was to make sure that she couldn’t hurt herself further. 
She was slapping at my shoulders, about as effective as a mildly annoying insect. 
I deposited her back where she belonged. 
In bed. 
“Now.” I crossed my arms and scowled down at her. 
My eyes roved across her body. 
While she was distractingly, and tantalizingly, naked, my main concern was to make sure she hadn’t twisted or broken anything. 
At first glance, all appeared in order. 
She was staring up at me, eyes wide, as I did an inventory of all her limbs and parts. She tried to wiggle once more to the edge of the bed. 
“Stop evading me and putting yourself in danger.” I snapped, making it a command. Avery stilled immediately. 
I wondered, belatedly, if she was trying to avoid me because of the scene I had interrupted between her and Ryan. He had been such a pathetic, lovesick pup. 
2/4 
Just the sight of him putting his hands on Avery had made me want to rip his throat out. 
I growled at the memory. 
Avery whimpered, a confused sound. 
The sound reminded me that she had once had feelings for that puppy. She had told me it was over between them, but perhaps that was why she was keeping this distance between us. Maybe she was still tangled up in his web. 
There was no room for that here. Nightwolf needed its traditions, and it needed her. 
I needed her. 
To do her job. 
Obviously. 
For too long the Old Luna had been overwhelmed by the size of our growing pack. We needed young blood and fresh eyes to confront the new dangers that threatened us. 
Avery was part of the solution. I needed her to wake up and realize that, and to stop acting like such a damned cub. 
“It’s time you stepped up as Luna, and left your past behind.” I frowned. She was slowly reaching for her houserobe and pulling it on. 
A part of me was annoyed that she’d thought it mattered what she was wearing. 
I’d already seen it all. 
She was… perfect suitable. 
“I will be moving up the date for our wedding.” I informed her, watching her tighten her robe’s belt around her waist. 
She should be happy at that. She was the one who had been pushing for our wedding when she’d first come from Silvermoon. Looking back now, I wondered if it was because she wanted to flaunt her marriage in front of Ryan. 
Well, it didn’t matter what her reasons were. The pack was what mattered most. 
“No thank you.” Avery said abruptly. 
Silence stretched between us. 
What did she mean, ‘no thank you’? 
My temper snapped. I didn’t have time for these stupid games. 
I was not a wolf who reacted well to ‘playing hard to catch’. 
I leaned low over the bed and placed my hand on the back of her neck, tilting her face to mine. 
“You will honor our agreement.” I informed her. “There is no other option.” 
Avery’s eyes squeezed shut. It looked like there were tears at the corners. 
Silly girl. What was there to cry about? 
She knew this day was coming. She had asked for it. 
I didn’t understand her, but it didn’t matter. 
She would get over that stupid other wolf and realize her place was here. 
With me. 
3/4 
Chatter 23 
Her voice was soft, but firm, as she repeated. 
“No.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 34
Chapter 34 
Avery’s POV 
“No.” I refused once more. 
Gideon frowned at me, his hand warm and heavy on the back of my neck. 
There were so many emotions warring in those stormy eyes. Disapproval. Irritation. Desire? 
The last one confused me even further and I shut my eyes. Just looking at him made me want to abandon my resolve. 
I fought the impulse to stay. To go through with this sham of a marriage. 
It wasn’t fair to him, or his true mate, to need to deal with me as surrogate Luna. I was just a placeholder until the true Luna showed up. 
I tried to put myself in the shoes of that mystery woman. His fated mate. 
If she truly was in danger somewhere, she would be wondering if anyone was coming to rescue her. She would want to know that there wasn’t some other woman taking her place. 
I wondered why Gideon wasn’t hunting her down using their bond. Maybe he had too much else on his mind? 
Gideon needed to be able to focus. 
Anything I did that distracted him was taking resources from that other Luna who needed it more. I was keeping her true mate from getting to her. 
It was a horrible crime, and I couldn’t stand being that person. 
I had already decided not to interfere with their bond. It was why I had been planning on calling off the engagement to begin 
with. 
But with Gideon’s face only inches from mine, my willpower was flagging. There was a part of me that wanted to see where this could go. 
“Avery.” Gideon’s tone was deadly serious, “You know I can’t tolerate another wolf staking a claim on my territory.” 
I did know that. But why on earth was he mentioning it now? 
“You need to purge all thoughts of Ryan from your mind.” He commanded. 
I flinched away from him at the implication. Is that what he thought was going on? That I was still upset about Ryan? 
Granted, Ryan’s sudden and awful proposal had been the last thing Gideon had walked in on during the Silvermoon Alpha ceremony before I was captured. 
I opened my mouth to say that this wasn’t about Ryan, but then shut it again when I realized I couldn’t tell Gideon why I was really avoiding him. 
I couldn’t say ‘Well actually, I am avoiding you because you make me hot and bothered, and also I don’t want you to know that I’m hiding a secret mark that you would probably kill me if you knew about it…’ 
So I kept my mouth shut. 
Gideon gave me a long, hard stare. 
“Nothing to say? That’s not like you.” he said wryly. 
I thought for a moment, then opened my mouth. 
1/2 
He leaned forward. 
“I need to take a bath.” I said, matter-of-factly. 
“You do.” he agreed after a minute, and I felt embarrassed that my body still was covered in dirt and scratches. 
“And I’m going to make sure you survive the experience this time.” 
“Wha-?” I yelped and tried to turn away, but once more he scooped me up in those strong arms and began carrying me to the bathroom. I wiggled helplessly, then stopped when I realized it just made my clothing gape open. 
“You can’t watch me bathe!” I protested. 
“I’m the Alpha.” Gideon said, unequivocally. “I do what I want.” 
Moon Goddess save me, I thought weakly as Gideon held me over the tub that was still half-filled with warm water. 
It had been bad enough when he’d seen me naked on the floor earlier. His eyes had taken in every inch of me, and he hadn’t even reacted. Just… stared at me, like he was appraising me. 
A part of me was insulted that he could see me at my most vulnerable and not bat an eye. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 35
Chapter 35 
I hoped one day I would be with someone again who did react to seeing me naked. My memory flashed back to my mystery mate in the woods. That man had worshipped my body, and made every inch of me sing. 
Compared to that, Gideon’s assessing stare was nothing. 
Fine. If he could seem unaffected, so could t. 
“Put me down.” This time I didn’t ask, or whine, I just said it. 
Surprisingly, it worked. Gideon lowered me to my feet next to the tub. 
“Turn around.” I ordered. 
He hesitated. 
“I will,” he said finally, “after you are in that tub.” 
He pointed one finger at the water. 
“Successfully.” 
“Fair.” I said under my breath and gritted my teeth. My track record today was Me = o, the Floor = 1. 
I shifted my weight to my good leg, and stepped into the water, still robed. I am embarrassed to admit that I did lean on Gideon’s forearm slightly to keep my balance. My balance was definitely off. 
“Ok, turn around now.” I said. 
“You’re not in the water yet.” He pointed out. 
“Let me help.” 
Quickly he yanked the tie off my robe so that it fell open. In another swift movement he pulled it off my shoulders, steadying me as I wobbled with a firm hand on my abdomen. 
Then, quickly, but not without care, he knocked my legs out from under me so that I sat down with a splash of water, dunking my head under. 
I came up sputtering, streaming and spitting water and wiping it out of my eyes. 
“Why did you do that?!” I squealed. 
“I’m turning around now.” Gideon raised one eyebrow, looked me up and down once more, and turned his back, “Try not to drown without a lifeguard.” 
Cursing under my breath I flicked water in his direction, which I swear he evaded without even looking. 
Insufferable, arrogant prick. 
I guessed I better get this over with. 
I soaped myself up while keeping one eye on Gideon’s back where he lounged against the doorframe, staring out into the room. 
At least, as far as I could tell, he wasn’t peeking. 
Quickly I washed and conditioned my hair, and ducked myself under the water to rinse once more. 
Finally, I was finished. 
“Ahem,” I coughed, “My robe please.” 
1/2 
Courteously, Gideon retrieved a fresh towel and bathrobe from a hook and crossed to the tub. 
I expected another snide remark, but he said nothing as he helped me out. I hated to admit, but getting out of the tub would have been a challenge by myself. This time, he just… lifted me out. 
His hands on my waist were so strong. He lifted me as though I weighed nothing, even soaking wet. 
I stood on the bathmat, dripping water, and hastily dressed myself in my robe. 
“Now, if you’re done…” Gideon offered me an arm and navigated me out of the bathroom. Once I was on carpet safely, he leaned 
over me. 
The imposing aura returned. 
“Don’t let me find you taking unnecessary risks with your health again.” He turned and walked towards the door and opened it. 
“Oh, and Avery,” he turned back to glare at me, “If you want to leave me for Ryan, I am not going to let you succeed.” His face bore a dark and frightening expression. 
He departed down the hall, leaving me stunned. 
For someone who didn’t seem like he wanted to marry me, he sure was adamant about not letting me have any other options. 
Well, I had no plans on leaving for Ryan anyways. That ship had sailed. 
The problem was that I didn’t have any good alternate plans. 
I was stuck. Like a wolf in a trap. 
I was still standing there, dripping water onto the carpet, when a messenger appeared at my still-open door. 
“The Old Luna summons you to her office.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 36
Chapter 36 
Avery’s POV 
The Old Luna’s office turned out to be a rather cramped corner of the ground floor, filled with stacks of file folders, invoices, and boxes that were labeled to go to different Nightwolf industries. 
Gianna, Gideon’s mother, the Olg Lama, was seated behind the desk, reading, papers and wearing reading glasses. She looked up 
when I entered. 
My hair was still wet from my bath, but I’d dressed as nicely as I could. She pressed her lips into a line but didn’t remark on my 
appearance. 
“Ah, Avery. Thank you for joining me. I hope you are recovering from your… adventure.” she said. She indicated a chair covered in folders that I moved to sit down. 
“I called you here because it is time to start planning the Nightwolf Mating Gala. Similar to how it probably was in your old pack, this is a formal event where pack members mingle and meet prospective mates.” 
I nodded. While I hadn’t attended any in Silvermoon, I knew that Zara had looked forward to attending ours each year. Trying to catch the eye of whichever powerful wolf would have her. 
I guess it worked. 
“This event is closed to outsiders, so it is also a time to reinforce the bonds between families here in Nightwolf. It is important that all clan members feel respected and included in the festivities.” Gianna continued. 
I wondered where this was heading. 
“Usually I request some assistance in preparing the invitation lists, and the catering and event space decorating. Up until now, Jessica- do you know her? She’s the Beta’s sister.- Anyways, she had been helping me in the past.” 
I stilled when I heard Jessica’s name. Uh oh. 
“This year I would like you to handle it, instead.” Gianna said, and waited for a response. 
I had never planned anything like this before. I’d never even held a position in the hierarchy of a pack before. Running things was not my jam. 
I gulped. 
“I… I will try.” I said, finally. 
Gianna smiled widely. 
“Excellent!” She rose from her desk. “Your first assignment will be to draft the list of who will be invited. It should go to heads of households and their mates, who will bring their eligible offspring. Also invite solitary wolves who are unmated who may have joined our community.” 
She gestured for me to follow her out of the office and down the hall. We went down a set of stone stairs into what seemed to be an extended cellar. On one side I saw casks, for storing wine or oil. The other had a large rusty door that she pushed open with a 
shove. 
I followed her inside. 
We appeared to be in a records archive. Metal racks and filing cabinets lined the walls. There was a desk in the center with a creaky leather office chair. A single hanging bulb illuminated the space. 
“Here is where we keep the census rolls and records of births, deaths, marriages, and the like.” Gianna gestured at a few of the cabinets. “We used to have a wolf who managed it all and kept it tidy, but she left us a few years ago. The last few Galas have been difficult to plan without accurate records.” 
1/2 
She pulled out a basket full of loose sheets of paper. 
“These are the administrative updates that need to be sorted and interfiled with the pack logs.” 
She stacked a few more folders up on the table, followed by some cardboard boxes that seemed to be filled with loose receipts. 
“I’m not really sure what all these are.” She frowned, “but they might be important, so best to sort through them to make sure.” 
I stared at the files dubiously. 
“So, you want me to…?” 
“Make sure our records are up to date, yes!” Gianna smiled at me, and I thought I caught a glint of mischief in her eye, but it might just have been the light reflecting off her glasses. “And then create an up-to-date guest list that I will use to send out invitations.” 
She headed for the door. 
“I’ll have someone bring you dinner.” 
“…thank you.” I said, overwhelmed. 
“Oh, and Avery?” the Old Luna paused in the doorway, “The Gala is next week, so if you could get it to me within 48 hours, that would be ideal. The post moves slowly. Thanks!” 
And then she was gone. 
I flopped into the office chair, which spat an enormous cloud of dust into the air, and then dumped me on the ground. 
“Blech.” I coughed, picked myself up gingerly, and tried again. 
This time, the wheels stayed put, and I scooched myself up to the desk and opened the first folder. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 37
Chapter 37 
The handwriting was illegible, or… nearly so. I squinted and held the paper up to the light. It looked like an old marriage certificate? But the calligraphy was dense and faded. I put it to the side. 
The next piece was a receipt for a take-away diner. I put that in a ‘not important’ pile. Then I saw the note in pen at the bottom that circled the restaurant’s name and said “Name change? Married?” 
Ah. 
This was like genealogical forensics. I sorted a few more pieces, getting a feel for what the contents were. 
Some had name updates, or other notes, while most were official notices of obituaries, births, and weddings. 
I also found someone’s excellent cocktail recipe. That, I put in my pocket. 
This was going to take a while. 
I got into a groove, alphabetizing the names I found and matching them to the family records in the filing cabinets. 
A few hours later and I had a drafted list of who I thought the major players were. Which families had left the pack due to marriages, or deaths. It was a start. 
I had a few questions though. 
At least a few of the records had been blacked out, or redacted, with thick black ink. Those, I couldn’t make any sense of. 
I wondered who would have bothered to erase someone from the records so thoroughly? There was more than one wolf who had been erased. Were these records of wolves who had been kicked out? 
Or maybe wolves who had done something so heinous, their names could no longer be recorded? 
I yawned and picked at the remains of my cold supper that had appeared hours ago. Here in the cellar, it was a bit chilly, and there were no windows to look outside. 
I decided to go for a short walk, stretch a bit, check the time, then come back and finish. 
When I emerged, I was surprised to find it was well into the middle of the night. The waxing crescent moon was already sinking below the trees. I stood for a bit in the chilly spring air, rubbing my arms as they pimpled with gooseflesh. 
I sat on a bench next to the wall and leaned back, rubbing my eyes. 
My bite was aching a bit. I hated to admit Gideon was correct, but I probably needed to be more careful not to move it too much. 
Out here in the night air, by myself, was the first time I’d been able to just sit in nature and enjoy it in a long time. 
I listened to the bullfrogs and birds. Not even one day ago, I had been tied up in woods very similar to these. Kidnapped by 
rogues. 
I wondered what Gideon had learned from them that he wanted so badly to question me about. He was catching on that something was out of place, and I hoped that the continuing rogue incursions would keep his attention away from the flaws in 
my story. 
I closed my eyes at the memory of him leaning over me, piercing me with his stare. My mark never seemed to intervene when he was around, which was a damn shame. He had manhandled me into the bath pretty effectively. 
But if my mark did flare up around him, he would realize I was taken, and there would be hell to pay. 
I yawned. It was so late… 
1/2 
I opened my eyes to the soft tweeting of birds. The horizon was the pale grey and pink of early dawn. 
I had fallen asleep! 
I guess I had been more tired than I had thought. 
I uncurled myself from the bench where I’d nodded off. My body ached, but I did feel better rested. 
I headed back to the cellar. I would finish my work and present the finished list to the Old Luna. Maybe she would be pleased that 
I was done with it so quickly, and pass along a good word to Gideon. 
I rolled my eyes at my own thoughts. Who was I kidding? Gideon didn’t care if I could make a guest list. 
I was laughing at my own ridiculousness as I entered the records room. 
Then I froze. 
The room was trashed. 
The papers that I’d stacked into neat piles were scattered across the floor. The desk itself had been overturned. 
My mouth hung open as I surveyed the damage. 
My careful guest list? 
Torn into tiny pieces and placed in the shape of letters on the floor. 
The pieces spelled out one word. 
“DIE.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 38
Chapter 38 
Avery’s POV 
Someone was sabotaging me. 
I forced myself to take long, slow breaths. 
Slowly, I entered the room and found an empty envelope and put all the tiny torn pieces of paper into it. I could try and tape them together maybe? 
My hands were shaking. I was angry. Angry at whoever would have had the guts to do this. 
Whoever it was, they had known I would be here. 
My blood slowed to an icy slurry as I considered that whoever had come had expected to find me alone. When they hadn’t, they had made this mess, but what if that wasn’t their original intention? 
Perhaps my recent kidnapping was making me paranoid? 
Perhaps not. 
Maybe my unplanned nap on the bench had actually saved me from something far worse. 
The hair at the back of my neck rose at that thought. 
In the middle of the night, down here in the cellar alone, it would have been pretty easy to hurt me. 
I needed to be more careful. 
I rose carefully and shoveled the remaining papers together as best I could. I would have to re-do most of my work with the files, but maybe the invitation list could be salvaged. I just needed to find some tape. 
But first, I needed to investigate the saboteur. 
I carefully tucked the boxes into shadowy corner where they would be less visible. Unless my enemies really had a penchant for shredding mildewing records, they would probably be undisturbed. 
Then I closed my eyes. 
My wolf might be dormant, but I wasn’t as ‘human’ as Zara liked to say. 
I let my senses stretch out and fill the room. 
I smelled the dust and faint scent of rat droppings. I could smell the stink of stagnant water where it pooled in the corners of the basement. I heard the slow drip drip of water in the walls from a leaky pipe. 
I had probably slept for about 4 hours. That was enough time for the person who did this to be long gone, but they had to have left something. Some trace of their passage. 
I opened my eyes and lowered myself to the floor. I put my head to the side and stared across the parquet stone, looking around. There were plenty of cobwebs under the shelves, but no clues. 
I turned the other way and looked at the other side of the room. 
Something glinted in the corner of the doorframe, near the hinge of the door. 
I crawled across the floor on hands and knees to pluck it up. 
It was a hair. A long, blonde, hair. 
I remembered the only person I’d met so far who had long golden hair like this. 
1/2 
Jessica. 
She was as predictable as she was vicious. I rose to my feet and let the hair fall back to the floor. 
I may have identified the vandal, but there was no one I could run to, to report. That was fine. I was used to fighting my battles alone. 
I set my shoulders and marched out into the daylight. 
The mess hall, kitchens, and offices where I first looked were all a bust. I walked past Gideon’s office and paused for a moment, but didn’t knock. 
What would I say? 
“Hey, there’s someone here who really hates me because she thinks you like me more than her. Can you pwease come save me from the mean girl?” 
No. I could already imagine the eyeroll Gideon would give me if I ran to him with such a stupid problem to fix. 
What could he do? Give Jessica a stern talking to? Tell her to stop being mean to poor little Avery? 
He would probably kick me out instead, for being a whiny teenager who couldn’t fight her own battles. 
This was something I had to handle myself. 
I kept walking. 
My next clue was truly just luck. 
I saw a dry cleaner’s van park outside one of the small boutiques on main street of the village. When the driver pushed his rolling clothes-rack past me on the sidewalk, I recognized one of the pieces. 
Jessica’s skirt. The one I had ‘ruined’. 
A-ha! 
I walked across the street to a small coffee shop and bought myself a coffee. The barista smiled at me shyly. 
“Need to cleanup? There’s a restroom back there.” He pointed towards the bathroom. 
I looked down at myself. I guess crawling around on the floor of the cellar had left its mark. There were dark smudges on my clothes, and a few stray cobwebs. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 39
Chapter 39 
I blushed a bit. 
“Thanks.” I ordered a coffee and seated myself at the window counter. 
Then I waited. 
About an hour later, Jessica came walking down the sidewalk with a group of three other women. They were all beautiful, but none of them carried themselves with Jessica’s swagger. 
They all went into the boutique. 
I slid off the counter stool and left the shop. My eyes were glued on the door they had entered through. I crossed the street, barely looking for traffic, and quietly opened the door to the small dress shop. 
I reached my hand up and silenced the welcome bell before it could ring and announce my presence. 
Jessica’s friends were gathered at the far end of the store, gathered in front of one of the changing rooms. I ducked down one of the rows of mannequins and moved closer. 
“I wish I could see her face when she finds out!” Jessica was laughing from inside the changing booth. “Tegan told me that the Old Luna had asked her to arrange the Gala instead of me. Good luck replacing me now, bitch.” 
Her friends laughed with her, though with less fervor. 
“She’ll just find a room full of trash.” 
“Which is what she deserves.” Jessica emerged from the changing booth dressed in a skin-tight dress that showed off her curves. She was stunning but her cruel expression ruined her beautiful face with an ugly twist of her lips. 
“Because the trash belongs with the other trash!” one of the girls tittered. 
“She really is trash though.” Jessica’s eyes gleamed as climbed onto a pedestal and turned to admire her figure in the tri-fold mirror. “Have I told you about her mother, yet?” 
“No!” the girls gasped, “Tell!” 
I clenched my fists. It was one thing to face Jessica’s jealousy at being supplanted by my arrival, but she had no right to look into my background. 
“Her father didn’t plan on having her with her mother I heard, but she seduced him anyways. He is the Gamma of Silvermoon but her mother is just a lowly Omega slave!” Jessica sneered, “And now Avery thinks she can come here and do the exact same thing to Gideon.” 
“Disgusting.” One of the girls made a face. 
“Can she really do that? Seduce Gideon, I mean?” Another of Jessica’s friends sounded stunned. 
“No, of course not! Why would he want a pathetic little girl like her?” Jessica glared. “She’s barely a woman, and I heard she’s not even got a wolf! She’s just trash, just like her mother.” 
I had heard enough. 
I stepped forward, meeting Jessica’s eyes in the full length mirror. She gaped at me as I marched forward and stopped at the base of her pedestal. 
“So it was you who tore up the guest list!” I accused. “I should have known when I smelled the presence of a rat.” 
Recovering from her surprise, Jessica laughed behind her hand, “Look girls, I’ll show you how we treat Silvermoon Omega trash.” She slapped me hard across the face. 
1/2 
Her friends gasped, looking between us. 
I shook my head slowly to clear it. 
“Let me bring you down to my level.” I snarled, and shoved her off the pedestal onto the floor. 
Jessica shrieked as she fell, landing heavily on the ground. Her friends quickly helped her up, and she launched herself at me. This time she got a fistful of my hair and yanked me to the side painfully. 
“You think you can attack me? Human. You’re just a pathetic stray.” she spat in my face. 
“Stray I may be, but I can still kick your ass.” I hissed, twisting to look at her. I raised my hand and slashed at her. 
I didn’t have true wolf claws I could manifest, but my nails left five bloody scratches across her cheek regardless. 
“Ow! What did I do?” Jessica suddenly cowered away from me, whimpering. I stared at her in confusion. “Why did you suddenly attack me?” 
She slapped her hand over her bleeding cheek. 
“Help me, Alpha!” she cried. “She’s gone crazy!” 
I turned to see Gideon standing in the open door, staring at me with Jessica’s blood on my nails. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 40
Chapter 40 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon’s presence filled the doorway. 
His face was in shadow. Everything about him emanated disapproval. 
Slowly, he stalked down the aisle. 
Jessica sobbed on the floor, doing a very good job of looking injured and pathetic. I looked down at her with disdain. Gideon might be fooled by her ‘poor me’ wounded bird act, but I knew what she was. 
Jessica’s friends shrank away, hoping to avoid Gideon’s wrath. 
I was not going to hide. Gideon wouldn’t respect it if I ran away from what I’d done. 
I also had acted righteously. 
Getting in a cat fight with Jessica hadn’t been my intention, but she had attacked me first, and I wasn’t ashamed of fighting 
back. 
At least, those were the brave thoughts I told myself as Gideon advanced on me. It was hard not to flinch back from that stony 
expression. 
“Gideon.” I began speaking, but he raised one hand to cut me off. 
“I saw you strike her.” He said the words softly, but his voice was steel. 
I shut my mouth. 
His grim face swept the room, pinning each of the women in turn. Jessica’s friends whimpered and couldn’t meet his gaze. When he stood above Jessica on the ground, she knelt before him and turned her tear-streaked face up at him. 
“Alpha!” She gave him a tearful smile, “Just in time to see what sort of wolf you almost married. Thank goodness you came to save us, before she did worse!” 
Jessica reached up to him, her fingers trembling. 
I had to hand it to her, she was an impressive actress. If I hadn’t known the full story, I would have a hard time ignoring that angelic face. 
I settled for enjoying the fact my claw-marks gouged across it. 
Gideon side-stepped her grasping hands and moved out of range. Curtly, he gestured for Jessica to get up. Her friends surged forward to help her. 
When they were all standing before him, I tried once more to explain. 
“Gideon, I-” 
He moved like lightning, clapping his hand over my mouth. 
“I don’t need your explanation.” He growled in my ear. Roughly, he pushed me behind him, and turned to face Jessica and the 
others. 
I stared at Gideon’s broad shoulders as he addressed them. 
“Anyone who dares disrespect the Luna again will be punished.” His voice was glacier cold. 
Silence fell over the room. Even Jessica stopped her sniffling. 
1/2 
I was stunned. 
Gideon was… defending me? 
He called me Luna? 
I couldn’t believe it. Slowly I leaned to look around his back and saw Jessica and her friends looking just as stunned. 
Could this mean…? 
The proposal in my bedroom to move up the wedding date. Could Gideon really have meant it? He intended to marry me? 
My heart raced as I remembered my dream. The one of us together. The tenderness in Gideon’s touches. The way his kisses had set me on fire. The way we’d moved together…. 
My daydream was cut off as Gideon grabbed my arm, hauling me after him and out of the store, leaving the others behind. 
He pulled me along as we turned onto the sidewalk and headed towards the main house. 
“Where are we going?” I asked, finally. Gideon’s hand was firm on my arm, though not painful. It didn’t seem like he was going 
to let go. 
“My office.” Gideon said. His gaze slid to the side, taking me in. I could feel him staring at the stains on my knees, the cobwebs in my hair, and the red mark on my cheek where Jessica had hit me. My hair was a mess where she’d yanked it. 
I felt self-conscious under his gaze. I used my free hand to try and comb my hair back into some semblance of order. 
“Leave it.” Gideon said as we turned into the drive. “You can bathe later when I’m done with you.” 
I blushed. 
He hadn’t put any particular tone on the words, but remembering the last time he’d watched me bathe made my skin flush. I glanced at him out of the corner of my eye to see if he, too, was remembering the events of the other day but he was staring straight ahead as we walked up the hill. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 41
Chapter 41 
We passed by a few people who nodded to Gideon deferentially and stared at me with curiosity. Some of them I thought I’d met at the Pack Acceptance ceremony, but most were strangers. Gideon offered no introductions. 
We passed by a bakery and I stared at the baked goods hungrily. It had been hours since I’d ate, and the coffee had warmed my belly but not filled it. I wanted to ask Gideon if we could stop and get something, but that reminded me of the time I’d baked him that cake and he’d tossed it to the side. 
So I just stared at the pies, cakes, and cookies longingly as we continued on. 
Finally we arrived at the main Pack house, but Gideon didn’t release me. Instead he led me down the main floor hallway. We stopped outside his door and he unlocked it, then pushed me inside. 
I had never been in his office before. 
It was paneled in dark wood. Floor to ceiling built-in shelves were filled with books and pale gold and ivory knickknacks. There were two large windows. The curtains pulled over them were sheer and muted the light so that everything appeared soft shadowy grey. 
I heard the door close behind us with a click. I turned to see Gideon locking it. 
I suddenly became acutely aware that I was alone with him in his lair. 
Gideon crossed the room to his desk and propped one hip on it, looking at me. 
“Do you know why I brought you here?” He asked after a long minute. 
I shook my head, mutely. 
“Then let’s go back a bit, shall we?” He crossed his arms and leaned back. “I saw what happened.” 
“I know.” I dropped my head. “I’m sorry.” 
“Sorry? You’re sorry?” Gideon crossed the room and lifted my chin with his hand, so that I was staring at him. 
“What am I going to do with you?” He said softly, gazing into my face. My heart fluttered. I didn’t know how to respond. 
“Has no one ever told you what you are, Avery?” He asked. 
I blinked at him. All I could think about were the names Jessica had used. People had been calling me those for years. That was 
nothing new. 
“All the time.” I said, bitterness creeping into my voice. 
Gideon let go of me and strode behind his desk. He threw himself into his chair and stared at me. 
“No.” He said, “I don’t mean the petty insults of those who only know how to whine.” There was iron in his expression. 
“Do you know what sets a wolf apart as a leader? Why we call some people Alpha, when others cannot ever hope to wield that power?” 
I squinted, trying to follow the drift of the conversation. 
“It’s because of will, Avery.” Gideon leaned forward, elbows on his knees, “The ability to shape the world into what you need it to be. Complaints, insults, criticisms, they mean nothing when they’re coming from those who only know how to poke at others.” 
His voice dropped lower as he tilted his chin down, fixing me with his gaze. 
“Those who lead will always be those that others hate. They hate us because we can do what they cannot. Not because we’re always right, or even always capable, but because we are willing to try, when they will always be too atraid.” 
1/2 
He rose again and stepped towards me. 
“Are you afraid, Avery?” 
I thought about it. 
“Yes.” I admitted. Gideon smiled, and it softened his face to a surprising degree. 
“Yes. You are.” He seemed pleased. He reached out and placed his hand on my head, smoothing my tousled hair. 
“And you should be.” His fingers twisted in my hair, adding gentle pressure. It felt surprisingly good and my eyes half closed at the contact, but there was pain in it as well. 
“But even when you’re afraid, you still keep going.” 
“I don’t have any choice.” I whispered, eyes closing. 
“No.” Gideon’s voice was soft but stern, “You don’t.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 42
Chapter 42 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon’s fingers twisted in my hair, pulling me upright. My head tipped back, exposing my throat. 
“Now,” Gideon leaned closer. I could feel his breath on my cheek, “Let’s talk about punishment.” 
I didn’t like where this was going. I tried to look him in the face, the whites of my eyes showing, but he pulled harder and I couldn’t look at him properly from this angle. 
“What is the role of violence in a pack?” He asked. 
I struggled to think of an answer. Violence had always been something that came to me by virtue of who I was, not what I’d done. 
My father had reached for violence the way others reached for a cigarette. He craved it, and it soothed him. 
My violence had always been a defense mechanism. Something I used when all my other options were gone. 
Did Gideon want me to fight him? I struggled feebly and his hands tightened until I stopped. 
“A tool, Avery.” He continued, in the same patient voice. “A poor tool in the hands of a fool, but a deadly one regardless. You’re not a fool, are you?” 
“I try not to be.” I ground out through gritted teeth. My scalp was starting to ache and I had to stand on tiptoe to try and relieve the pressure. 
“Good. Because I won’t marry a fool.” 
“Jessica will be disappointed.” 
He laughed and released me. 
“Yes, I expect she will be.” 
I rubbed my head ruefully and watched him as he circled back around his desk. He began rummaging through drawers. 
“So…you’re not punishing me?” 
He looked up with a small smirk, “Do you want me to?” 
“N-n-nooo?” I had surprising difficulty finding that answer. 
“No. I’m not going to punish you.” Gideon said finally. 
“…why not? I hurt a subordinate in your territory.” 
He sighed and didn’t answer for a long moment. When he did, he didn’t answer directly, but instead told me a story. 
“When I was learning to be Alpha, I made a lot of mistakes. The Old Alpha was patient with me, but direct. He would tell me what I had done wrong, and then he would expect me to re-do it. He said, the act of doing it right would be a better lesson than if he’d punished me severely. He was right.” 
Gideon held something out to me, I reached out my hand and he dropped something heavy and cold into my palm. 
It was a key. 
“This is a spare key to my office.” He said, “Do not lose it.” 
“Why are you giving this to me?” I asked, confused. 
“You need a better, safer place to work until we get you your own office.” Gideon said. “Use here, until then.” 
1/2 
Stunned, I could only nod. 
“And, Avery? No one gets to threaten my pack.” Gideon’s glower was thunderous, “That includes you as Luna. I expect you to tell me if something like that happens again.” 
I didn’t ask how he knew about the incident in the cellar. I was starting to believe he had eyes everywhere. 
“Go take a bath.” Gideon ordered. “Eat and sleep. Then come back here and finish your work. The Old Luna will be waiting.” 
Nothing about what he’d done was particularly kind, but I was touched regardless. Tears gathered in my eyes and I blinked them away, turning away so he couldn’t see my emotions. 
“Unless…?” Gideon said dryly, “You still need my assistance?” 
I blushed again, “No! I mean… No, thank you. I’m doing much better now.” 
“Good, because I have more important things to be doing.” Gideon smirked and pointed at the door, “Now go. 
I went. 
My bath felt glorious on my sore muscles from sleeping rough on the bench, and my tussle with Jessica. I ate a large lunch, napped a little, then woke up refreshed. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 43
Chapter 43 
To my disappointment, I didn’t dream. 
I made a detour to the cellar to grab my paperwork, then hauled all the files to Gideon’s office. 
He was gone, but that was fine. I would have had a hard time concentrating with him there. 
It took me a few more hours, but I was able to piece together my torn list well enough that I could look up the few parts that were missing. When I was done, it looked like a child’s collage, pieces of paper glued onto a larger sheet of paper to hold them in place. 
But it worked. 
I copied out a final copy, then made an extra one for myself and hid that one in Gideon’s desk. 
I puzzled again over the redacted names. I was tempted to try and research, to find out what was missing. But where would I start? 
I frowned. It was a project for another day. 
The light outside Gideon’s office was gone when I finished. I was turning into a regular night owl. 
I turned off the desk lamp as I prepared to leave. Then, tempted by the pale crescent moon visible through the glass, I opened the window instead and stood for a few minutes just breathing in the cool night air. 
I leaned out on the sill of the window, then pulled back when I realized there were people walking along the path that ran below. They were talking quietly as they approached. 
They paused underneath the window. 
“It will be ready before the next full moon.” One was saying to the other. 
“After the insult the Nightwolf Alpha gave to Silvermoon, I’m surprised you’re waiting.” The other voice was lighter, but I couldn’t see either of the figures from where I lurked. 
“Some things are better planned carefully, not hurriedly.” The first voice replied, “There are some moving parts, but then the trap will be fully set.” 
“Once the Nightwolf Alpha is out of the picture, everything can accelerate.” 
“He’s been the biggest thorn in our side, for sure.” The first person agreed, “Self-righteous prick.” 
I suppressed a gasp. They were talking about laying some trap for Gideon! 
Below the window, the voices had stilled. Had they heard me? 
“I need to get back.” The lighter voice said. “You have the list?” 
“I do.” The first confirmed. “Wait for our signal.” 
“I wish I could be there with you.” 
“We need you here as our eyes and ears.” The conspirator said, “The King will remember your sacrifices.” 
The pair moved off, and the rest of their conversation was too quiet for me to pick up. 
Slowly, I crept to the open window and stuck my head out, trying to get a glimpse of who had been talking, but the shapes were too shadowy and far away to tell with any certainty. One seemed tall and slender, the other stockier, but they could have been 
anyone. 
I chewed on my bottom lip nervously, thinking over what I had heard. Someone was plotting against Nightwolf, that was 
1/2 
certain. With the mention of my old clan, it seemed like someone from Silvermoon was involved, but I couldn’t place the voice. 
I could take this info to Gideon, but what would I say? That someone was mad at him? That he needed to be careful? 
He knew that there were people who hated him. Being an Alpha meant always having a target on your back. 
I closed and latched the window, then let myself out of the office and locked it behind me. I would take the list to the Old Luna in the morning, 
Unfortunately, there hadn’t been enough details to give any actionable information. 
All I knew for sure is that someone here in Nightwolf was a traitor. 
P 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 44
Chapter 44 
Avery’s POV 
What I had overheard was troubling, and I wasn’t sure what to do with the information. 
Although Nightwolf on the whole seemed better run than Silvermoon, there were still those who resented Gideon’s leadership as Alpha. 
And certainly wolves like Jessica were just out for their own gain. 
If I was truly going to stay and become Luna, I would need to think about how I could help smooth over these rough patches. 
Was the person who I’d overheard someone whose family had been overlooked for events like the upcoming Mating Gala? 
I began to see the true responsibility the Old Luna had put on me, and the level of trust it had required. Any mistake I made could be the reason why a Nightwolf pack member might decide to leave, or worse, turn on their own pack. 
These were sobering thoughts. 
The Old Luna was not in her office at this time of night, so I would turn the list over to her in the morning. 
But I didn’t want to go back to my room just yet. 
So I headed towards the kitchen. 
As I approached the back door of the kitchen, I heard the quiet sounds of someone crying. I stilled my footsteps and moved closer, rounding the corner quietly. 
There was a girl seated on a barrel outside the Kitchen. She had her hands over her face and was holding a kitchen towel over her 
eyes. 
Maybe she was hurt? I thought. 
Concerned, I asked, “Are you ok?” 
The girl startled and swung her head to look at me. As she pulled the towel away, I realized it was one of the girls who had been with Jessica earlier that morning. 
“Oh, uh.” I said, awkwardly. “I heard crying. Did you hurt yourself in the kitchen?” I didn’t see any injuries. 
The girl sniffed loudly, then shook her head. 
“No.” She said miserably, “I’m ok.” 
Alone like this, neither of us seemed to know what to say next. 
I thought about the times I had found a quiet corner to release pent-up feelings when I didn’t have anywhere else to go. 
“Well, ah, if you need someone to talk to?” I offered, clumsily. 
“No!” The girl said loudly, then with a grimace, “I mean… No, thank you. But I can’t talk to you.” 
“Because of Jessica?” I asked, with a touch of bitterness. “You must know she started all of this.” 
She nodded once, hunching her shoulders, “I know. She’s awful, but she has a lot of power.” 
“More than a Luna?” I said with a cold smile. 
“Of course not.” She looked at me with a look that indicated she thought I was a bit dense, “but you’re not fully Luna. Not yet. And…” 
1/3 
She looked like she wanted to say something more, but trailed off. 
“And…?” I prompted. 
“Listen, I can’t really be talking to you. Jessica has something over me, and I can’t get on her bad side. You need to be careful. She really has it out for you.” She hopped down off the barrel and folded the towel carefully, placing it where she’d been sitting. 
I reached out to touch her elbow, “Whatever it is she has, we can try and fix it.” 
For a moment she hesitated, then trembled all over and shook her head violently. 
“Sorry, you seem nice, and I feel bad, but it’s not safe here. For either of us. You have to do this on your own, and so do I. But…” she bit her lip, “Thank you for checking on me. I forgot there were people who would do that. Everyone here just thinks I am one of hers and they avoid me now.” 
Personally, I couldn’t blame them, but I did feel a stab of pity for this girl who was caught up in something with a bad person like 
Jessica. 
I nodded, and watched as she walked away. Then I picked up the towel she’d left behind and carried it into the kitchen. 
Anna was at the long table, rolling out the dough that would bake the morning bread. 
“Do you never sleep?” I asked her. 
“Not when the wolves are hungry,” she laughed, “and they’re always hungry.” 
“Did you see the girl out there?” I asked, “Who is she?” 
“Ah. Madelyn.” Anna sighed. “She’s not a bad girl, not really. Just… mixed up with the wrong sort.” 
“You mean Jessica.” 
Anna just gave me a nod, flopping a bowl of dough onto the counter and beginning to shape it into loaves. She didn’t say more. Maybe she couldn’t. 
After a while she changed the subject and said, “I got an invoice for a shipment of flowers for the Gala, but there seems to have been some mix up, as we already had a shipment delivered. If you remember, you might mention it to the Old Luna when you see her.” 
I told her I’d look into it. There were a lot of moving parts in the preparations and I didn’t have a firm grasp on any of them yet. 
We shared a cup of tea and a slice of toast, talking about nothing much, and then I said ‘goodnight’ and headed for my room. 
That night I dreamed of being tangled in vines. No matter how hard I struggled, they only grew tighter and tighter. 
I kept expecting to open my eyes and find myself in my bed, but the dream stretched on. 
“You are a fighter, huh?” A strange voice said. 
I turned my head to see a handsome man wearing an eyepatch. He was sitting on a branch nearby, watching me. 
“Help me?” I requested. The vines were starting to cut off my air. 
But the eyepatch man just sat, smoking a cigarette, watching me struggle. 
“The system isn’t built to help.” He said cryptically, “It is meant to tie you down.” 
“How come you aren’t tied?” I gasped. 
“I cut myself free.” He said. 
“So cut me free!” I begged, but he only shook his head sadly. 
2/3 
“I can’t. Some things you have to do yourself. But I can give you this…” 
He rose from where he was seated. Standing, he was lean and muscular. He strode over to me and paused to look at me where I 
was restrained. 
Then he leaned forward and kissed me. 
I struggled, but the vines held me still. When he pulled away, he smirked. 
“What the hell did that do?” I raged. 
“For you? Nothing.” He shrugged, “but I enjoyed it.” 
I cursed at him and he laughed. 
“Well, it’s been fun, but I gotta run.” The stranger said, “See you around.” 
He swaggered off, disappearing into the trees, leaving me tangled in vines. 
I increased my struggle, but the vines were moving now, twining tighter around my limbs and encircling my throat. Tighter and tauter, they cut off my airway until I was seeing spots in my eyes, and then darkness overtook me. 
When I opened my eyes, I was once again in my bed in the light of morning. My throat felt bruised and sore, and there was a faint aroma of cigarette smoke that faded quickly. 
This dream felt more disturbing than the last. Who was that man? And was this another thing that would come to pass? 
It felt more present than that. Like we had actually been having a conversation in real life. 
Decidedly sinister.” 
Not sexy. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 45
Chapter 45 
The night of the Gala came quickly. I had spent the last few days running ragged, performing errands for the Old Luna and trying to find time to work in the garden when I could. 
I hadn’t seen Gideon since the day he’d given me the key to his office. Sometimes when I walked past his room I thought I heard him walking around inside, but I didn’t have a reason to bother him. 
I did use his office several times though, and one time he’d left me a note on the desk. 
“Avery, 
What’s your ring size? 
G” 
Very romantic. 
I’d scribbled a large “5” on the paper, and the next time I’d come back, the note was gone. I took that to mean that Gideon was continuing the preparations for our wedding, but this was the strangest engagement I’d ever heard of. 
I felt like most couples would be having romantic dinners, talking about their plans for family, and dreaming of the future. 
My dinners were cold plates delivered by the kitchen when I remembered to ask for them, eaten alone while I worked. I had no idea what Gideon was up to, like usual. 
Now I stared at the dress laying on my bed and realized that I had no idea what Gideon was wearing, or if we’d match at the Gala. It seemed so trivial but I was kicking myself that in all of my planning I hadn’t thought to coordinate that. 
Camila, Gideon’s sister, arrived in my room so we could help each other with hair and makeup and we spent some time getting ready. While we worked, I took the opportunity to ask a question that had been bothering me. 
“Anyone with an eyepatch?” Camila frowned, “A man, you say? No, can’t say that I have seen anyone like that. Was this someone you ran into here at the pack house?” 
“No, uh, someone I think I met once in town is all.” I stammered. I couldn’t very well tell her that it was someone who had kissed me in a weird dream I had, and that some of my dreams sometimes come true. 
If I started saying stuff like that, people would start looking at me funny. 
When we were finished getting ready, we stared at our reflections with satisfaction. Unlike the stifling, elaborate costume Zara had put me in for the Silvermoon Mating Ball, this dress was more suited to my tastes. 
Soft, gauzy fabric clung in all the right places, lending an ephemeral quality to my movements, and the color was pale in a way that complimented my hair and skin wonderfully. 
It was the prettiest I had ever felt. 
I headed towards the ceremony hall to inspect the final preparations for the Gala. Every table around the dance floor held vases of flower arrangements, and there were garlands of flowers and greenery hanging from the ceiling and around the edges of the room, giving it the appearance of a forest grotto. 
Some unusual flowers caught my eye, they were tall with purple stems and clusters of green flowers in clumps at the top. I had 
never seen them before. 
Frowning, I analyzed my invoices, but didn’t see anything similar to these. 
“Oh, those are Angelica flowers.” I turned to see the girl I had talked to outside the kitchen the other night, Madelyn. 
“I don’t think we ordered these.” I knitted my brow, flipping through my papers. 
1/2 
“They’re a traditional aphrodisiac.” Madelyn said, “They’re often added to bouquets at romantic events like this one. They’re supposed to bring good mating luck.” 
“I didn’t know that.” I sighed. There was so much I was learning, but stuff like this made me painfully aware of the gaps in my knowledge. 
“Thank you.” I said to Madelyn, and she gave me a tight smile before moving away. 
Finally all the preparations were completed and the music began. Families began to trickle in. Matriarchs and Patriarchs made small talk while eligible young adults mingled and munched on the buffet of delicious food. 
It was strange to think that I was the same age as some of these young adults, but I already felt like I was so much older. My own engagement had been arranged for me, on pain of death. I’d never had a fairytale romance like they were having. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 46
Chapter 46 
I watched a young couple making moon-eyes at each other from across the room and covered my smile with my hand. Maybe some really would find real love tonight, and I would have had a hand in it. 
Maybe someone else would get to be happy. 
Anna and the kitchen staff had been working extra hours to get the feast ready for everyone and now the hall was filled with 
delicious scents. 
The Old Luna swept past with a smile and said, “Well done. Everything looks great!” Which was such a nice compliment that it made all the long hours of work feel worth it. 
The dance floor was filling up as evening fell. I stood watching the dancers and admiring their graceful movements. Still, I felt very much alone. Always the unwanted guest, never the Gala attendee. 
I resolved not to feel sorry for myself any longer. I would find some way to make the night feel worthwhile to myself, even if it was just snacking on the dessert table. 
I turned around just in time to see Gideon enter through the double doors. 
He was striking in a well-cut suit, his hair swept back. He looked like he belonged in a fashion magazine, not at a small-town gala. No one deserved to be that handsome. 
His eyes fell on me and he began making his way through the crowd. I considered trying to dip into the crowd and disappear, but where would I go? So I just stood there and waited. 
When he arrived in front of me, he stared down at me, his eyes sweeping from top to bottom. 
I suddenly felt shy, and lowered my lashes to gaze at the floor. 
After a long moment I shyly said, “Well, aren’t you going to say something?” 
Gideon took a deep breath, but he didn’t say anything. His eyes gleamed in the darkness. 
Instead, he held out his hand. After hesitating, I placed mine in his, and he whirled me onto the dance floor. 
I hadn’t danced like this with anyone, but Gideon made it seem easy. His hand at my waist moved me effortlessly, and I only stepped on his toes once. 
When the song ended, I was breathless but he twirled me back out again, and again. 
Around the dance floor I saw people notice us, making way as we swirled past. 
“You still haven’t said anything.” I murmured as the music slowed and the lights dimmed. We were swaying together slowly, and the whole night was starting to take on a dreamy, hazy quality. 
Please don’t let this be a dream, I prayed. Not when it feels so perfect. 
“You seem to have that effect on me tonight.” Gideon’s face tipped down towards mine. My heart fluttered in my chest. 
I stared into his eyes. His pupils were deep pools of darkness in the shadows of the dance floor. His mouth was coming closer to 
mine. 
Without warning, Gideon’s eyes flashed yellow. Wolf’s eyes. 
“Something is wrong.” He spoke, but the voice sounded strange, both his and not his. 
“What?” I asked, panicked. 
Gideon grabbed my hand and drew me off the dance floor. Where his hand closed around my wrist, his wolf’s claws were starting to emerge. 
1/2 
“Gideon, you’re scaring me.” I tried to pull back as he hauled me along, but his hand only tightened and he growled. 
“I/We need to get out of here.” Again there was that double layering of voices, like two people were speaking at once. I realized with a start that I was hearing his wolf, speaking through him. 
I stopped trying to fight and picked up my pace to match Gideon’s. Whatever was happening, I had to trust that he would protect 
Us. 
We rushed out the doors and into the night. The waxing gibbous moon stared down at us from low in the sky. In the moonlight, Gideon seemed to solidify, growing larger. 
He shook himself, like one might shake off a chill. Then he turned to face me, wolf’s fangs starting to elongate. 
His wolf was taking over! 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 47
Chapter 47 
Avery’s POV 
I was staring a 250lb wolf in the face from mere feet away. 
Gideon’s wolf was huge. The largest I had ever seen. Paws the size of dinnerplates. Black fur tipped with silver that gleamed in the moonlight. 
And he looked angry. 
I stood, frozen, as Gideon’s wolf stalked towards me, fangs bared. His eyes were golden coins, and those teeth looked razor 
sharp. 
“G-Gideon?” I stammered, taking a slow, uneasy step backwards. “Are you in there?” 
Since I was unable to manifest my wolf myself, I didn’t get to run with my pack during Full Moon hunts. Still, I knew enough to know that this wasn’t normal. It wasn’t a Full Moon so he should have been in full control of his wolf, but Gideon did not 
reappear. 
Which meant something was wrong. 
I had to find out what it was. 
“I hope you can hear me.” I started talking, nervously, but I stopped retreating. “Help me figure out what’s wrong?” 
I had never transformed, so I had no idea how much one could understand when in wolf form. My wolf lurked in the back of my mind, but rarely did she make her presence felt, and she’d never allowed me to shift. 
I didn’t know why. Maybe I was just broken. 
Others had described it as riding as passenger in your own mind. You and the wolf are one, but your human side takes a passive 
role. 
Here it felt more like Gideon’s wolf had staged a coup. 
Since I couldn’t voluntarily shift, I had no way to communicate to his wolf directly. Wolves could talk telepathically to each other over short distances, but you had to be in wolf form to do it. 
And no one else was around to act as translator. 
Gideon’s wolf rushed forward, then stopped mere inches from my face. I fought the impulse to shriek and curl up in to a ball. Wolf prey drives were strong, and sometimes in a heightened state, they would attack and kill indiscriminately. 
I needed to not look like prey. 
I tried to keep my voice low, and calm. 
“Gideon…I mean, Gideon’s wolf.” I greeted, shakily. “Show me what I need to do to help. Why are you here?” 
The wolf growled, and snapped at the air. 
“You’re upset. Something must be very wrong. I want to help.” I focused on projecting as much calm as I could, even as I watched saliva slowly drip from those deadly fangs. 
The wolf whined, then butted me with his head. It was like getting hugged by a wrecking ball, and shoved me off my feet onto the ground. 
I stared up at the wolf standing over me, then slowly climbed to my feet, maintaining eye contact. 
I had to think. I had to find some way to help. 
1/2 
I looked around, trying to see what could have caused Gideon to shift. There didn’t seem to be any immediate danger, and no one was attacking that I could see. 
Everyone was in the Gala. The music and voices of the crowd spilled out into the night joyously. No one else seemed to see an issue happening. 
“Something’s wrong ” I said out loud, more to myself than to him. Gideon’s wolf made a soft chuffing sound. I looked back into those golden eyes, trying to read what he was trying to tell me. 
“You aren’t howling, or trying to get anyone else because…” I thought hard, “You don’t want anyone else to know?” 
The wolf nudged me with his nose, gently this time. 
“But you think I can help?” 
The wolt whined. Low this time. A hesitant sound. 
“Maybe. You think maybe I can help.” Although I had no clue how, I was touched. “Okay, we’ll figure this out together.” 
Gideon’s wolf didn’t make a sound, but waited. He seemed more calm now, at least. 
“Something hurt Gideon.” I reasoned, “But we were just dancing. I didn’t see anything hurt him. Something he ate? Poison?” 
The wolf cocked his head to the side, then pawed at the ground. 
It wasn’t exactly confirmation, but I got the feeling I was on the right track. But what could help a poisoned werewolf? And what could harm only the human side and not the wolf? 
I knew that some substances were toxic to werewolves. Everyone knew the main ones. Silver. Wolfsbane. 
There were others, less deadly, that could effect the bond between human and wolf. Potions that could suppress the wolf side. And then there were other balms for healing. 
I racked my brain trying to remember what basic first aid I knew. What they went over in pack school. 
Peppermint was a purgative and could help clear the blood. I knew my mother had made me eat it when I had been ill as a child, or ate something I shouldn’t. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 48
Chapter 48 
When my wolf hadn’t manifested when I became an adult, it had been recommended that I drink peppermint tea in copious amounts, to try and clear any toxins that might be effecting our bond. 
It hadn’t worked for me, but maybe it could work for Gideon. 
I had just planted some plants in my garden. If the wolf ate them, maybe it could help? 
“To the garden!” I snapped my fingers at the idea and turned and took off running. To my relief, Gideon’s wolf followed me, loping alongside easily. 
We skidded down the garden path and through the gate. I led Gideon’s wolf over to the patch of dark green leaves. 
“Eat this.” I said, pointing. The wolf looked at me and whined. 
“I think it can help, if Gideon ate something bad. You might throw up, but it should be ok.” 
The wolf lowered its head towards the plant. Instead of eating it, it buried its muzzle in the leaves and inhaled deeply. The scent of peppermint filled the air. 
Breath after breath, the wolf took. Then he turned towards me. 
I flinched and covered my face as he sneezed mightily right in my face. 
“Gross!” 
When I opened my eyes, Gideon was standing where the wolf had been. 
“Gideon!” I exclaimed, “Oh thank goodness you’re back. I was so worried!” 
He looked pale, but otherwise himself. 
“Avery.” His voice was stern and commanding. “Get the doctor.” 
I swallowed and nodded but didn’t leave. 
“Are you… are you okay?” I asked. 
“Go!” Gideon snapped. 
I turned and ran. 
Thankfully, Hudson, Gideon’s brother and the pack doctor was not hard to find in the Gala. He was surrounded by ladies at the bar, who were all laughing at some story he was telling. I only heard the end of it as I dashed up. 
“…so then he said, ‘If you didn’t want me to drink it, don’t put in it a glass!”” 
I interrupted the peals of laughter and grabbed Hudson’s arm. 
“Gideon needs you.” I whispered in his ear. Concern crossed his face and he quickly excused himself to follow me. 
“Do I need my kit?” 
“I don’t know yet.” I said, honestly. “He’s in the garden.” 
Gideon was pacing along the fence when we arrived. 
“Stay there, Avery.” He warned me back as I approached, so I stood at the gate while Hudson rushed to his brother’s side. They talked in low voices, then Hudson left. As he passed by me, his face was grim. 
“What’s going on?” I asked, but he just pushed past. 
1/3 
I turned to look at Gideon, but he had his arms crossed and was staring at me. 
“Gideon, you’re scaring me.” I said, softly. 
Still, he didn’t respond. He just paced. 
A few minutes later, Hudson returned. He nodded to his brother. 
“They were in floral arrangements on six of the tables. The ones nearest the dance floor.” He reported, “I’m having them removed now.” 
I looked between the two brothers with confusion. 
“Can someone please explain what’s going on?” I said finally, feeling the panic rising in my voice, “Please.” 
Gideon walked up the path towards me and grabbed my arm, pulling me along behind him as we headed back towards the Gala. Still, he said nothing to me. 
His face from where I marched at his side was set in stern lines. He seemed angry. 
When we entered back into the ceremony hall the dance floor was empty and the lights had been turned back up to full brightness. Confused wolves stood in groups around the hall, talking in hushed voices. The music was turned off. 
Gideon stepped forward and the room hushed instantly. 
It was so quiet, I could hear my heart thudding in my chest. 
“Tonight, someone tried to poison your Alpha.” Gideon’s voice was harsh and rough. He gestured with one hand and at his signal, warrior wolves stepped into the doorways and barred the exits. 
“No one will leave here until I find out who did it.” His gaze swept the room and the wolves of Nightwolf stared back. Most appeared confused, some angry. 
A long moment passed. 
“If you confess, it will go better for you. Who placed angelica in the flower arrangements around the dance floor?” Gideon growled. 
My mouth fell open. Wasn’t that the flower that Madelyn had told me was traditional at these events? The one I hadn’t found on my invoices but which was in the arrangements? 
As if on cue, Jessica stepped out of the crowd and pointed directly at me. 
“It was the new Luna, Alpha.” Her stare was malicious and her voice triumphant. “She was in charge of the flowers.” 
“She tried to kill you!” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 49
Chapter 49 
Avery’s POV 
“First she attacked a pack member, now she tried to kill our Alpha!” Jessica accused, “I question her ability to be Luna!” 
Conversation swelled in the ceremony hall as the pack erupted into commentary. 
Jessica stood, spotlighted on the dance floor, enjoying the chaos she had caused. She looked stunning as always, her long hair tousled and piled high on her head over a shimmering red sheath dress. 
She smirked at me as I stood next to Gideon. 
Thoughts were racing through my mind. I would never intentionally harm Gideon! 
I could see eyes turning in my direction. I could hear the whispers from the pack, questioning each other if what Jessica had said 
could be true. 
“Could the new Luna really have done this?” 
“She is from Silvermoon after all, and we’re very nearly at war with them.” 
“I knew she couldn’t be trusted!” 
Some seemed to believe Jessica, but I noticed that there were a few who were eying her suspiciously as well. 
“She has seemed nice actually.” 
“Well of course she would pretend to be normal.” 
“Maybe someone else will confess…” 
The pack was divided. I needed to say something, or I would be painted as a traitor. 
Although my hands were shaking, I clasped them tightly in front of me and stepped forward onto the dance floor to face Jessica. I did my best to keep my head high, and my voice calm. 
“It is true that I was put in charge of the floral decorations for the Gala.” I admitted, “The Old Luna tasked me with this, and I followed her instructions. When I arrived today, I noticed that the flowers had been changed, and when I questioned it, I was told that angelica was traditional at these events.” 
I turned to Gideon, my face twisted with genuine concern, “But I had no idea that it could act as a poison instead of an aphrodisiac like I was told. I should have questioned the substitution more rigorously. I accept whatever punishment you wish to give.” I bowed my head, “My Alpha.” 
Silence swept over the hall. I did my best to appear both contrite and concerned. 
Secretly, I was furious. 
Now the discrepancies on the invoices made sense. Someone had ordered another set of flowers and substituted them in for the ones I had requested. 
Staring at Jessica across the floor, I had a pretty good idea by whom. 
The murmur of voices swelled at my statement, but after a long moment Gideon stepped forward and raised his hand and silence fell again. 
“The Luna is technically correct. Angelica is a flower often used in other packs to celebrate mating. But here in Nightwolf we no longer use it because of the harmful effect it can have on some members of our bloodline.” 
There were whispers of “Demonblood.” in the crowd at this. 
1/3 
His gaze swept over me. 
“However, this knowledge has been kept secret to only a few over the years, because of the risk it holds for our pack.” Gideon continued, “And I do not believe the new Luna would have access to that knowledge.” 
He crossed his arms and stared at me, then at Jessica, who blanched slightly under his gaze. 
“Therefore, I will be thoroughly investigating who would have that knowledge.’ 
Anna, the cook I had befriended, stepped forward from the crowd. 
“My Alpha, I can confirm that there was a duplicate invoice that was submitted to the florist without the Luna’s knowledge. We had discussed the discrepancy together, but neither of us knew what to make of it.” She hung her head, “I should have tried more diligently to track down the mistake.’ 
I couldn’t bear seeing Anna take the blame. I stepped over to her and took her hand. 
“Anna was only trying to help me. She alerted me that there appeared to be a duplicate order, and I meant to report it to the Old Luna, but I forgot. I’m sorry.” I said quickly. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 50
Chapter 50 
“Who told you that the angelica flowers were traditional?” Gideon asked, voice flat. 
I hesitated. I knew who it had been, but I didn’t want to implicate her. 
It had been Madelyn who had given me the info and allayed my suspicions when I’d found the unusual flowers. 
From our conversation the other night, I knew that Jessica had something over her. It wouldn’t surprise me to find out that she had told Madelyn to make sure I didn’t interfere in her scheme. 
And it had worked, I had believed Madelyn, and suppressed my own instincts. Stupid. 
Madelyn herself had tried to warn me to watch out, that I had a target on my back. She had known this was coming. 
“Who told you?” Gideon repeated. 
The crowd began to whisper at my silence. Anna squeezed my hand. 
“Tell him, child. Whoever it is, they knew what they were doing.” she whispered. 
“It was a girl named Madelyn, Alpha.” I said, softly. 
“Bring her.” Gideon growled. 
I stepped across the floor to him quickly. 
“Gideon, I have reason to believe that she was forced to tell me so.” I whispered as quietly as I could while the crowd rumbled. I touched his arm, trying to communicate that I didn’t believe Madelyn was the mastermind here. 
His face did not change, staring straight ahead as I spoke. 
“Gideon, please.” I pleaded, “I saw her crying due to Jessica’s bullying. I believe that it was she who told her to change the flower shipment and to keep me from looking into it.” 
For a moment, Gideon’s eyes flicked to meet mine. Then he shrugged my hand off and turned away. 
Rebuffed, I fell back, and stood there helplessly while Madelyn was summoned. 
Within a few moments, Madelyn was pushed from the crowd onto the floor, delivered by one of Gideon’s warriors. She looked terrified, and I felt my heart sink. 
Jessica still looked triumphant, although her body language was less confident. That alone told me that we weres still playing right into her hands. 
“Madelyn,” Gideon’s eyes swept over her coldly, “Do you confess here, in front of your pack, that you knowingly gave information to your Luna that you knew to be incomplete and false?” 
“Yes, Alpha.” Madelyn whispered miserably. “I told the Luna that the flowers belonged there.” 
“You willfully put your pack in harms way! You lied to pack hierarchy, and you broke trust with those around you!” Gideon roared. 
Madelyn fell to her knees, tears streaming down her face. 
“Will anyone here speak in her defense?” Gideon spun in a circle, looking at the pack collectively. His stare was baleful and intimidating. 
Madelyn trembled, her hands balled into fists at her sides. She turned desperate eyes towards Jessica. 
The other woman ignored her pointedly. 
1/3 
I couldn’t stand it. 
I stepped forward. 
“Alpha Gideon,” I addressed him coolly, “I will vouch for Madelyn. I do not believe that she intended to cause harm. I believe that she is a good person, and a good wolf in this pack.’ 
A few in the audience clapped, while others buzzed to their neighbors. 
Gideon’s gaze was furious as it fixed on me. 
“So,” he stalked over to me, “You will vouch for her good behavior from here forward?” His eyes were burning coals. 
I swallowed, but lifted my chin and said loudly, “I will.” 
Gideon stared at me for a long moment. 
“Fine.” He snapped. “Then you will be in charge of her punishment, to be delivered before the next New Moon. 
The din rose to a crescendo at the pronouncement. 
“The Luna will deliver the punishment!” said a babble of voices. 
“And Avery,” Gideon snarled, “If she does anything to harm the pack again, you will pay the price. 
Then he turned on his heel and left the hall. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
GET IT 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 51
Chapter 51 
Avery’s POV 
As Gideon stalked out of the ceremony hall, the pack surged around me. It seemed like everyone had something to say, but I heard none of their words. All I could hear was the echo of Gideon saying, “You will pay the price.” 
I had shackled myself to Madelyn, and now we would find out if I made the right choice. 
Jessica, predictably, had to get her words in. She marched right over to me in the crowd and said, “What a shame you had to vouch for poor little Madelyn. It feels like she’s always getting in trouble. Would be a real pity if you got taken down with her.” and then she gave me the biggest feral-cat grin ever and slunk away. 
“Did you lose in a cat fight?” I called after her, “You’ve still got scratches on your cheek!” 
I felt a surge of satisfaction as I saw her back stiffen, but she kept walking. 
I walked over to where Madelyn was still sitting on the floor, wiping her tears away. 
“Are you ok?” I asked, offering her a hand up. She took it, gratefully. 
“I’ve been better.” She said, with a wan smile, “But thank you, for standing up for me.” 
“One of these days you’ll have to tell me what she has on you.” I said, with a touch of aspersion. 
Madelyn winced, but shrugged ruefully. “Maybe one day.” 
She turned to look me in the eye, “Do you know what my punishment will be? I don’t care if it’s harsh, I did intentionally mislead you, but I hate dreading finding out.” 
I paused, thinking. Honestly, I was hurt that she’d deceived me, even if I knew that she had been coerced into it by Jessica. 
“You are hereby sentenced to work in my garden each day for the next 90 days.” I said though I did drop my voice to add, “Don’t worry, I will work with you. And Anna can bring us iced tea.” 
Madelyn smiled briefly, then dropped into a surprising curtsy. 
“Thank you, Luna. That is fair. I will see you there tomorrow.” She turned and walked away. 
I breathed a big sigh. It wouldn’t be easy work, but maybe it would get Madelyn away from her toxic friends for long enough to 
start over. 
Now I needed to go find my moody Alpha. 
I stepped out into the night, past the place where Gideon’s wolf had knocked me to the ground less than an hour ago. Where would he have gone now? I needed to find him, and apologize privately. 
I saw the light in his office flicker on across the field. 
Of course. 
I climbed the stairs and knocked on the door softly. There was no answer. 
After a moment, I put the key in the lock and entered Gideon’s office. 
He was sitting in his chair, silently staring out the window at the moon. 
“Gideon?” I said quietly, “I need to apologize to you.” 
He didn’t move, didn’t look at me. 
I closed the door behind me and stepped around his desk to stand next to him. 
1/3 
A few weeks ago, being alone with him like this would have terrified me. His reputation, the way I had heard it, had been horrendous and bloodthirsty. 
But now, I was starting to suspect there was much more to that story. 
He still scared the crap out of me, but not as some boogeyman character in urban legends. Now I worried what our connection would become, what future I had here with him… or not. 
“I’m so sorry that my negligence led to you being harmed.” I knelt down next to his chair, my voice sincere. “I will be more mindful in the future.” 
Silence stretched. I waited. 
“I could have killed them all.” Gideon’s voice creaked with repressed emotion. He turned his head slowly to meet my eyes, “Do you realize that?” 
My eyes widened, “No, I didn’t know that.” 
“They call it Demonblood.” He continued on, his tone bleak, “No one knows why some Nightwolves have it, but it may be the origin of our Pack’s name. Some wolves in each generation have the mutation that makes them susceptible. When exposed to certain substances, like the aromatics released by angelica, our human half is repressed while our wolves are driven beserk.” 
He stared down at his hands where they were gripping the arms of his chair so tightly that the leather creaked. 
“You can see why that knowledge is kept confidential.” 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 52
Chapter 52 
I recoiled in horror, thinking about what the scene in the Gala could have turned into. 
Gideon nodded grimly, watching my reaction. 
“If I hadn’t gotten out of there… If you hadn’t led my wolf to the garden and helped him suppress the effects… there’s a very good chance that you would be planning fumerals instead of a wedding next.” 
I drew in a hiss of breath. The image flashed in my mind. 
A dance floor covered in blood. 
Couples who had maybe just found their mate, now grieving. 
“I thought this was an attack on me as the unwanted Luna.” I said softly, “But that’s not it, is it?” 
Gideon laughed bitterly, “Finding that all is not well in Paradise? No, this was targeted at both of us. If I had injured anyone, it would be seen as a chance to overthrow me as Alpha.” 
“Has…” I paused, not wanting to ask the question, and not knowing if I should. “Have you ever hurt or… killed… someone like that… before?” 
Gideon didn’t answer. I stared into his eyes and found only grief. 
“Oh.” I breathed softly. “Ohh…” 
Gideon lunged forward and grabbed my hand in both of his. 
“I don’t want your pity, Avery. I earned my reputation. But you do need to know that there are minefields here that you will need to be more careful about walking into.” His grip was merciless. 
“But, there’s no way I could have known about this!” I cried out, “I am sorry it happened, but maybe if you didn’t keep so many secrets from me, then I would be in a better position to help!” 
Gideon flung my hand away in disgust, “There it is. You want me to trust you, but since you arrived you have been nothing but wishy-washy, uncommitted, insincere.” 
I chafed at that description and rose to my feet with a hmph. 
“If you weren’t so busy all the time, I would have more chances to earn your trust and get to know you!” I fired back, “But you’re always off, hunting down some other woman who may or may not exist, and I’m just here to fill the gaps! How can I trust you in return?!” 
Gideon rose to his full height in a fluid motion. I stepped back as he stalked towards me. My back bumped into the door. 
“Do you think the duties of Alpha leave time for me to take long winding walks and talk about my feelings with you?” he laughed coldly, “I’m still not sure…” 
He paused, staring into my face. 
“Sure about what?” I reiterated. 
Gideon sighed and rubbed his face, then swept his hand in a gesture that took in my fancy dress, “Not sure that you’re not just some dangerous decoy sent to distract me from my duties!” 
I laughed out loud, but he only frowned harder. 
“Sent by who” I cackled, “No one in Silvermoon gave a crap about me! They were all to happy to sell me off to you and hope you killed me so they didn’t have to! I’m no one!” 
“You!” Gideon huffed, groaning, “Do you really have no idea the effect you have?” He glowered at me, as I stared at him 
1/3 
confused. 
Finally Gideon snarled, and changed the subject “If they don’t have something over you, then why do you keep changing your mind about our wedding?” 
I closed my mouth with a snap. Ok, they did actually have something over me. 
My mother. 
I gave Gideon a haunted glance. 
“Aha!” the corner of his mouth pulled up in a sardonic grimace, “And that is why I can’t trust you.” 
Long beats stretched between us. 
“Look, we may each have our secrets.” I said finally, “But that doesn’t mean I’ll betray you.” 
It was the closest to the truth I could manage for now. 
I paused, then added, “And I did mean what I said, I’m sorry that I failed you in tonight.” 
“You mean that? Truly?” Gideon grumbled. 
“Then prove it.” 
I stared at him, trying to figure out what he meant. 
“How?” I asked, finally. 
“You tell me.” Gideon stalked closer. 
“You want me to believe your apology? Fine. Tell me what you’d be willing to do to make it up to me.” 
My mind raced, trying to figure out what he could mean, as he took another step closer to me, pressing me against the door. 
Olivia Harris
Olivia Harris is an emerging author celebrated for her captivating romantic and steamy novels. With a talent for crafting deep emotional connections and fiery chemistry between her characters, Olivia’s stories offer readers an escape into worlds filled with passion, intrigue, and heart-stopping drama.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 53
Chapter 53 
Avery’s POV 
The front of his suit lapels brushed against my cleavage, we were that close. 
I gulped, and my pulse galloped frantically at the side of my neck. 
What sort of atonement would be good enough? 
I tried to think back over what Gideon would like, what would please him, but I came up empty. He had thrown away my cake. I had been kidnapped the last time I had tried to plan a nice surprise by picking him strawberries. 
Couldn’t he see I had been trying? I frowned in frustration. 
“I…” I trailed off as Gideon stared at me expectantly. 
“Well? What will you give?” He urged, impatiently. His eyes flickered to my mouth and I thought a whole chain of unsolicited thoughts about what I could give to him. 
Damn that dream, and the way it kept rising to the top at the most inconvenient moments! For a second my skin flushed imagining the ways I could make it up to him. 
I fought the urge to fan my heated cheeks. 
“What… what are you interested in?” I asked, lamely. 
Gideon’s gaze darkened, and his eyes darted down and back up again. 
The room suddenly felt too still and close. It felt hard to breathe. My stomach was doing kickflips off my spine. 
Slowly, Gideon raised one hand to my jaw. His thumb stroked over my bottom lip ever so slightly. 
I remembered our dance, where it had felt for a moment, like magic. Before the poison had taken its effect and 
his wolf had slammed into control. 
Had Gideon… been attracted to me? 
His thumb drew back and I licked my lips nervously. Like a cat, his gaze followed the motion of my tongue, then shot back to meet mine with a heated look. 
This couldn’t be happening. The Alpha of Nightwolf only saw me as an inconvenience. He had said so not even a few minutes before, that he couldn’t trust me! 
So why did it now look like he wanted to kiss me? 
“Avery…” Gideon’s voice was low. His face was coming closer to mine! 
“Dinner!” I blurted out, “I’ll make you dinner!” 
There was a knock at the door behind my head. 
Gideon paused. 
“Alpha?” came Tegan’s voice through the wood. “I brought those reports you requested…” His Beta’s voice was 
1/2 
Chapter 53 
muffled, but I could hear the shuffling of papers on the other side of the door. 
Gideon groaned. For a moment, he rested his head on the doorframe, still pressing against me. 
+25 Bonus 
Then he pushed away. I watched as he became all business before my eyes. 
He took my arm and pulled me away from the door to open it. 
“Dinner is fine..” He shoved me out into the hall and ushered Tegan in. “Tomorrow.” 
And then he shut the door in my face. 
Gideon’s POV 
I wanted to punch Tegan in his innocent face, but manfully restrained myself. 
The way Avery had been blinking up at me, so agitatedly confused, had been delightful. I shook my head to clear the thought of how she’d looked, licking her lips after I’d touched them. I hadn’t intended to but they’d just 
looked so soft. 
It was probably for the best that my Beta had arrived, because there was a very good chance I would have done something I regretted otherwise. 
And even if I had, at least it wouldn’t have been as terrible as what could have happened at the Gala tonight. 
I rubbed at my temples carefully. The residual effects of the drugs had given me a splitting headache. 
Are you okay? My wolf asked, concerned. 
I will be. The effects are mostly gone, I just feel worn out. I told him. Thank you for taking over when you did. 
Of course, he growled in my mind, but it would have been much worse without her. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 54
Chapter 54 
I agreed with him. It was only due to Avery’s quick thinking that I had been able to shake off the effects as quickly as I had. The herbal remedy had stalled the progression of the toxin long enough that my demonblood hadn’t been able to fully activate. 
I shuddered to think what would have happened if she hadn’t been there. 
The last thing I remembered as a human had been dancing with her. The way she looked in her gala gown had been exquisite. I truly had found myself speechless, trying to figure out what to say to her on the dance floor. 
Maybe it had been the first effects of the toxins emitted by the angelica flowers, but waltzing with her across the ballroom had felt like floating on a cloud. 
She had felt perfect in my arms, graceful despite clearly being unused to dancing. Her eyes had been huge and sparkling in the fairy lights that had wreathed the ceremony hall. 
The tragedy that could have occurred wracked me to the core. I had realized something was wrong when I’d felt my bond with my wolf weakening. I had felt that feeling before… I knew I had to get out of there, away from the crowd of my pack, before the berserker’s rage hit. 
The rest of my memories were seen through the eyes of my wolf. While normally I was linked with him on a soul -level, due to the effects of the toxin these memories were seen at more of a distance. He had truly been without me for that time, and both of us felt horrified at the sensation. 
I don’t ever want to feel that way again, he said with sorrow. 
Me neither. I agreed, sending him affection in my mind, We will make sure it can’t happen again. 
But what if it had? And what if I’d hurt Avery? 
I would have had to watch, helplessly, as my wolf attacked and killed the only family I had left. 
Whoever had done this would pay. 
It made me want to sweep Avery into my arms and hold her tight. My instinct to protect my pack was always there, as Alpha, but this was stronger. I wanted to protect her in a way I hadn’t felt for anyone before. 
Why was that? I knew she wasn’t my mate. 
Maybe she is important regardless, My wolf suggested. She is already a good Luna, and once you are married, she will be even better. 
What does that mean? I asked, but he maintained a smug silence. 
Still… He was right. She had handled the tension of the accusations thrown at her in the ceremony hall with 
grace. 
I had been impressed. At first I had considered that she might have been the one to betray me. 
I didn’t believe, now, that she was anything more than innocent in this. 
She had admitted she had secrets. 
1/2 
Chapter 54 
+25 Bonus 
Well, so did I. 
The question was, could we find a way to trust each other, despite our pasts. 
“You seem to be in a better mood,” Tegan commented, placing a fresh stack of papers in front of me as I finished the first. 
“Do I?” I grumbled. 
“You do.” He asserted, “Could it be because of the new Luna?” 
I fixed him with a stare, and he shrugged, “It just seems like you’re somehow more linked than before. More in sync, emotionally.” 
Could that be true? Was I happier with Avery around? I pondered the idea. 
“Urgent message for the Alpha!” a messenger appeared in the doorway and handed Tegan an envelope. He opened it and scanned the text. 
“The captured prisoners have revealed vital information during interrogation.” he looked at me triumphantly, We finally know what they were looking for when they kidnapped our Luna. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 55
Chapter 55 
Gideon’s POV 
A rainstorm was rolling in as I marched across the village to our holding cell once more. I pulled up the collar on my coat and squinted into the night rain. 
If Tegan’s intel was correct… 
I needed to hear it from the prisoners themselves. 
They were somewhat shabbier than when I had seen them last. The interrogations over the last few days had left them exhausted, with dark circles under their eyes. 
I could tell from their dull expressions that they expected us to kill them. 
I suppose most Alphas would. 
I stepped forward and addressed the warrior who had overseen their confessions. 
“Report.” 
“Alpha,” The warrior, whose name was Quinn, nodded her head and began, “The rogue wolves have revealed the instructions they were given initially.” 
She held out a notepad to me, covered in scribbled notes, but three words were written at the bottom in thick ink and circled repeatedly. 
I read them out loud, “Moon Goddess Heir?” 
“Yes, Alpha.” Quinn verified. “They claim that they were told to look for a girl, approximately aged 19, worth immense value due to her bloodline.” 
So that was why they had been kidnapping women and girls. They had been looking for a girl carrying the legendary moon goddess lineage. 
“Isn’t that a myth, nothing more than a legend?” I asked. There were many stories in werewolf culture ab the Moon Goddess, the ancestral deity of werewolves according to lore. 
Like most wolves, I saw those stories as nothing more than fairytales. The Moon Goddess was a figure that mothers prayed to for protection for their children, but nothing more. 
I had long ago come to believe that the gods were all dead. 
Why else would they abandon us so? 
Quinn paused, “Yes, Alpha. While I cannot confirm the person they are searching for, they definitely are true believers that she exists.” 
“Exists and must die!” one of the prisoners spat. 
I quirked an eyebrow at Quinn. 
“Sir, the man who is organizing these kidnappings has been killing the girls he finds. At first we thought this 
1/4 
Chapter 55 
+25 Bonus 
was rage at not finding who he was looking for, but now we believe he is killing them deliberately.” 
“To what end?” Ice was forming in a pit in my belly. If they were killing who they captured… 
Maybe that was why I hadn’t felt my mate. 
Maybe she was dead. 
Grief for a love I’d never had a chance to grow swept over me like a wave. 
“We don’t know what his motivations are. We don’t even know who he is. All they can tell me about him so far is that he is a rogue with one eye, who styles himself as The Rogue King.” 
The Rogue King. 
So my instincts that there was a mastermind behind the rogue incursions had been correct. There was a singular entity pulling the strings. 
I spun to the men who were chained to the wall. 
“What did he give you to perform these kidnappings?” I demanded, looming over them. They cowered away. 
“Nothing, Alpha.” 
“Nothing? No payment?” 
“Some of the girls he allowed us to spare and keep as slaves and servants.” one admitted, “It’s the legend that makes us do it. The prophecy!” 
“What is this prophecy?” I growled. 
“If the Moon Goddess Heir is killed, the Packs will fall!” one of the prisoners shouted fervently. “No more hierarchy! No more pack in-fighting! Just wolves looking out for wolves without rules!” 
“You want anarchy.” I summarized dryly. “How novel. Let me guess, he finds angry, rejected wolves like yourself and convinces them that the packs are responsible for all their problems. That society and its institutions are actually bad, and that if they just overthrow the Alphas, they will have all the women, mon food, and prestige they could want?” 
“Well…” the man blinked at me, surprised, “Yeah, that’s about the gist of it. How did you know?” 
I cursed and rubbed my temples, “Because, it’s the same playbook used by every demagogue in history. He’s jus playing to your prejudices and sense of personal injustice.” 
I handed the notebook back to Quinn and gestured for her and Tegan to follow me out of earshot of the rogues.. 
“I doubt these men will know anything more of use. Whoever this Rogue King is, he wouldn’t have told them his true reasons for looking for the girl.” 
“We did manage to get the locations of some of their hideouts, sir.” Quinn said hastily. She handed a map to Tegan with several areas circled in red. 
I glanced at the map as Tegan unfolded it. Most of the hideouts were located in Silvermoon territory. 
2/4 
Chapter 55 
+25 Bonus 
Of course. Ryan was a weak new Alpha, he would be lax in patrols, making it a perfect place to set up a rogue infestation. 
What a fool. He was going to lose his territory before he ever truly controlled it. 
Tegan looked at me, “Do you want us to clean out these areas, Alpha?” 
I pondered the question. If left unchecked, Silvermoon might be overrun. While I wouldn’t personally be sad to see Ryan overthrown, their weakness could quickly become our liability. 
“We need to clear those areas.” I said finally. “Although if Silvermoon can provide the supplies and reinforcements to hold them, that would be preferable, to keep us from overextending our warriors.” 
Additionally, that was Avery’s birthplace. I didn’t want her homeland to become a wasteland. 
“There may be kidnapped women and girls that we can rescue.” Tegan pointed out, “There’s a small chance that one of them is your mate.” 
Quinn’s eyebrows rose at this, and she turned to look at me. I wished Tegan hadn’t talked about it so openly. There was a part of me that was starting to believe that my mate had never existed at all. 
I didn’t need it to become gossip fodder for the whole pack. It was bad enough that some were already trying to sow dissension against Avery as Luna, and my leadership as well. The less they knew about my missing mate, the better. 
“Prepare strike forces immediately. I’ll arrange a meeting with Silvermoon to coordinate the attacks.” I frowned. It wasn’t going to be fun having to negotiate with Ryan, but a part of me was looking forward to the chance to eviscerate him again. 
The dude just had a very punchable face. 
The fact that he was Avery’s ex had nothing to do with it. 
If my mate still lived, if she was still out there, then I needed to get these distracting thoughts about Avery out of my head. The relationship we were building was that of co-leaders, nothing more. 
I needed a strong Luna to lead Nightwolf, until my mate returned to me. That was the only reason we were getting as close as we were. 
No one, not even my distracting Luna, would stop me from finding my true mate. 
And if my mate truly was dead, then… well. 
She couldn’t be. 
If my mate had been killed by this Rogue King, then nothing in this world would be able to stop my vengeance. I would burn this entire forest to the ground, crush every rock he tried to hide under. 
If my mate is dead, then he better pray for the Moon Goddess’ mercy, because she was the only one who could possibly save him from me. 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 56
Chapter 56 
Avery’s POV 
I arrived in the garden, coffee in hand, before the sun was up. 
I had slept fitfully. My mind couldn’t stop thinking about what could have happened if I hadn’t been able to help Gideon and his wolf. 
If he had gone berserk, there’s a very good chance I would have been his first victim. 
I remembered the way Gideon’s eyes had flashed, the involuntary shifting that had taken him over so quickly. 
I didn’t know if my wolf could always hear me, or feel my emotions, but I sent her the most loving thought I could. We might never have shifted, but even I could feel the horror of knowing at any time you might lose your free will and be forced to harm those you cared about the most. 
I wasn’t sure, but I thought I felt a faint echo come back from my wolf, reflecting back my expression of love. 
The first thing I did was go to the herb garden I had planted and inspect the peppermint plants. 
The plants were bruised and broken from where Gideon’s wolf had stuck his head into them. 
I leaned closer to inspect the leaves. There were small black spots on most of them, and the plants were beginning to look diseased and sickly. 
Whatever they had done, it had somehow helped to absorb the toxins from the wolf’s lungs. That was good to know, but I needed to pull these plants out before they could infect the soil. 
I found a pile of bricks and built a small fire pit. With some seasoned wood from the kitchen’s woodshed, I quickly built a small fire. 
I was standing next to it, warming my hands, when Madelyn arrived. 
“Good morning, Luna.” she said, coming to stand beside me. 
“Good morni- oh my goodness. What happened to your face?” I turned to look at her. 
One of her eyes was purple and swollen, the eyelid bruised and shut. 
“It’s nothing, Luna.” she waved one hand. 
“Bullshit.” I swore, “Tell me what happened.” 
“I said-” 
“You are already here for lying to me once.” I cut her off with a raised hand, “Do you really want to do it again?” 
Madelyn lapsed into silence at my point. 
“I won’t lie to you, Luna.” she said, “So I hope you will accept that I cannot tell you what happened. Only believe me that I am handling it.” 
“This does not look like handling it.” I snapped. “Did Jessica do this to you?” 
1/2 
Chapter 56 
+25 Bonus 
“No.” Madelyn said firmly, “It wasn’t her. Please drop it.” 
We stared at each other in the early sunshine. 
“Will you at least allow me to help heal it?” I said finally. 
Madelyn nodded slowly, “Yes, that would be fine.” 
My knowledge of healing was very basic, but I felt invigorated by my success with my herbalism last night healing Gideon’s wolf. 
I had stopped by the library after Gideon evicted me from his office the night before and borrowed a number of grimoires and herbalism compendiums. Most of them seemed very old and out of date, but they were a place to start if I wanted to get better at herbal medicine. 
Thankfully Anna already had a large amount of herbs and spices labeled helpfully in the kitchen. Eventually, I hoped to start a true stillroom. A place where I could create things that would help the pack. 
Now I looked up one of the remedies listed for bruises and pulled together a few ingredients that I put into a mortar and pounded into a paste. 
“What is that?” Madelyn asked curiously. 
“Arnica, Wintergreen, Witch Hazel, and Calendula.” I replied, smearing the balm onto one side of a gauze square. “Here, hold this against your eye and I’ll tie this bandage over it to hold it in place. It should help the swelling go down.” 
I helped her tie the poultice on and stood back to check my work. Madelyn sighed in relief. 
“That feels better already. Thank you, Luna.” She bit her lip and looked like she might cry, “I don’t know why you are so kind to me.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 57
Chapter 57 
+25 Bonus 
I didn’t have an immediate answer, so I just indicated for her to follow me out into the garden once more. I handed her a hoe and led her over to where the diseased plants were. 
“These plants are sick, so we need to pull them up and burn them.” I instructed, handing her a pair of gloves and putting some on myself. Madelyn nodded and began to work. 
We piled the plants into a wheelbarrow and dumped them into the flames. 
After a while I said, “I was very alone in my old pack. Most people wouldn’t associate with me. So I know what it’s like to feel alone where you’re supposed to belong.” I stared into the flames, not wanting to look at her while I confessed my painful past. 
Madelyn was quiet for a while, then asked, “Somehow it hurts even more when it’s the people who are supposed to be yours, you know?” 
I did know. 
I thought of my father, who had only told me that I shamed him when my wolf hadn’t manifested, and had threatened to kill me if I didn’t find a husband. My own half-sister had stolen my boyfriend and used it to hurt me. The man who was supposed to marry me didn’t see me romantically. 
I nodded and met Madelyn’s gaze, “That’s why we have to build something better. That’s why I want to give you a second chance, and show kindness where there isn’t any.” I admitted. “It might seem stupid, but nothing else I’ve tried has worked, so why not this?” 
She gave me a small smile back, then said after a pause, “I told you that Jessica had something over me. 
“Yes?” I looked at her curiously. 
“I’m in love with her brother.” Madelyn confessed, “I don’t think he likes me that way, he’s always so busy as Beta. I don’t even think he knows I exist.” 
She hung her head, “Jessica told me that if I did what she asked, she’d help put a good word in for me, introduce us. I know it sounds stupid, but she seemed so nice at first. When I finally realized she wasn’t a good person and tried to stand up to her, she threatened to tell him bad things about me. Like telling him that I sleep around, do drugs, and worse.” 
Tears welled up in her eyes and she turned away, sniffling loudly. 
My heart went out to her. I could see how Jessica could easily manipulate someone like Madelyn by playing on her emotions. She was such a meangirl. 
“Thank you for telling me your secret.” I said, genuinely. I reached out and squeezed Madelyn’s hand. “Jessica may have some power, but we’re not going to let her win. I’ll put in a good word with Tegan for you.” 
Madelyn turned to look at me with wide eyes, “You would do that?” 
“Absolutely.” I smiled back. “That’s what friends are for.” 
We went back to work in companionable silence, pulling up weeds from the other garden beds and adding them to the new compost pile. 
1/2 
Chapter 57 
+25 Bonus 
Finally I stood up, wiping the sweat from my forehead. I stared out over the hills of the village, and squinted. 
There was a cavalcade of cars rolling out of the village into the forest. 
“What’s going on?” I asked. 
Madelyn put down her shovel and came to stand by me. 
“Oh, Gideon summoned all his warriors to prepare for raids against the rogue encampments.” She said, “My sister is one of his Lieutenants, and she told me they expect to be gone for a few days.” 
“Gideon too?” I asked. 
Madelyn shrugged, “I assume so. She said he was planning on meeting with the Silvermoon Alpha tonight.” 
I bit my lip. Tonight was supposed to be our dinner date! 
Was Gideon going to stand me up? 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 58
Chapter 58 
Avery’s POV 
The Old Alpha and Luna had a surprisingly expansive collection of fine china in their dining room. I opened the china cabinet reverently and pulled out the simplest set. 
Two plates. Two saucers. Two glasses. 
The small table I had chosen wasn’t in the dining room proper. That table was huge and long to accommodate all the pack hierarchy if needed for formal events. 
Instead, I had found a small sitting room on the front side of the pack house with a round table and two worn but comfy armed dining chairs. There was a victorian-style fainting chaise under the other window, and an overstuffed sofa near the fireplace. 
The room had a pair of heavy wooden doors with glass knobs that slid into pockets in the walls when you the room open, and closed to create a cozy den when more privacy was required. 
wanted 
I had found someone’s ancient crocheted lace tablecloth and spread it over the table. A vase of hyacinths and lilacs filled the air with sweet scents of spring. 
The dinner I had prepared was simple. A cottage loaf of bread. Shepherd’s pie with creamy mashed potatoes and hearty stew overtop. A side of carrots braised in butter and honey. 
Nothing elaborate. Everything could sit for a few hours near the fire I’d built in the fireplace. 
Which was good because I wasn’t sure Gideon was going to show up. 
I’d sent a note asking to confirm our dinner plans. I told him where I’d be, and when. 
There had been no reply. Either he was incommunicado, or he didn’t have a reply for me. 
Well, if he didn’t want his apology dinner, then that was on him. Good luck getting me to cook again! 
I humphed myself over to the fainting chaise and flopped dramatically. Now this was a piece of furniture meant for melodrama. All I needed was a high-necked full-skirted dress and a touch of consumption. 
Too theatrical for my current mood, I thought, staring at the ceiling. A little too close to being a woman on her widow’s walk, waiting to see if her seafaring husband would return home. 
Despite my absent and uncertain dinner guest, I had enjoyed preparing this meal with Gideon in mind. 
I had picked sage and thyme for the stew, put rosemary in the bread. Poured out some wine. 
It made it feel like I had a real family. Someone to come back to. 
Someone who had missed me. 
I rolled to my side and stared out the window from where I lay, as dusk fell over the forest. The streetlamps were coming to life down the main street of the village, but few people were out walking. 
With most of the warriors off on… whatever it was… there were few people left. Those that remained were hunkered down in their homes, praying for their loved ones to return. 
1/3 
Chapter 58 
+25 Bonus 
I couldn’t believe they couldn’t leave me a radio, or something, to know what was going on. Shouldn’t I have some clue, as Luna? 
You’re not really the Luna yet, my internal thoughts said. 
I hated that they were right. 
How was I supposed to earn Gideon’s trust? My mother had urged me to marry him as quickly as possible, but I still found myself balking at the idea. There was just so much I didn’t know still. 
My instincts told me that Gideon was still looking for that mate of his. For all I knew, he had found her on this mission and they were already proclaiming their love for each other. 
My stomach twisted with nausea at the thought of Gideon in the arms of another woman. 
Whatever it was that was growing between us was fragile enough without outside threat. 
We were supposed to be working on trusting each other, but how could I trust that anything was true so long as he might leave for this other person at any time? It was an impossible ask that disregarded any real feelings I might have for him. 
Not that I had any. Feelings for him. 
Don’t be silly. 
I rose off the chaise with a frown and paced to the window. I hated this waiting so much. 
I squinted into the twilight darkness and my heart skipped a beat. 
There was a man walking up the path! 
Could it be Gideon? 
I pulled open the doors and rushed into the foyer and out into the night. 
The man was walking slowly, head down. 
Was he injured? 
Fear shot through me at the idea of Gideon arriving on my doorstep bleeding and injured. I vowed to study those medicinal books harder, so I could help him if I needed to. 
“Gideon!” I yelled, and then skidded to a halt as the man lifted his head. 
It wasn’t him. 
It was Ian, the warrior who had helped me in the garden and who Gideon had punished for touching me. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 59
Chapter 59 
Tears were streaked down his face, which bore such a look of misery that I gasped. 
“What happened?” I asked, frantically, “Ambush?” 
“Betrayal.” Ian said, voice cracking. My heart cracked in two. 
“Was it the rogues?” I stammered. I held open the door to the front hall and showed him into the sitting room. 
“No, it was a far deadlier enemy.” Ian reached the fainting chaise in front of the window and collapsed onto it.” Lady Love has turned on me at last.” he croaked. 
“…what?” I choked. 
“I was shot by Cupid’s arrow, and it is a mortal wound, I am afraid.” Ian wiped another tear from his stubbled 
cheeks. 
“You’re… not making sense.” the gears in my brain had ground to a halt. “The warriors are ok? Gideon is ok?” 
“I assume so.” Ian shrugged, “I haven’t heard anything about their mission since they left. I was too busy nursing a broken heart.” 
“Oh you…!” I cursed and stood up, hands in fists at my side. I angrily closed the curtains over the open window. 
To think that I had mistaken him for Gideon! 
“So which girl broke your heart?” I asked, with asperity. 
“Not just any girl.” Ian wailed, “A woman of the most lovely stature. She had long flowing hair like spun gold, and a voice like honey. She had more curves than a mountain stream. I’ve never seen anyone like her!” 
Well, that description sounded familiar. I rolled my eyes, “Ah, I see you met Jessica.” 
“I met a vision, I didn’t learn her name, but my heart flared with desire and my wolf…” Ian blushed, sitting up on the chaise and giving me an embarrassed glance. “I shouldn’t be telling you this, Luna.” 
“No, you shouldn’t.” I agreed. “But I have felt the mating desire once, myself.” I wasn’t sure I should be telling him this, but he looked so… forlorn there on the couch. 
“It didn’t lead to what I hoped.” I said, bitterly, “So I understand being unlucky in love.” 
“I’ve never felt a feeling so strong or delirious.” Ian lamented, “I find myself wanting to write poetry. POETRY! Can you believe it? My warrior brothers will never let me hear the end of it if they knew.” 
“So, did you… tell Jessica about your feelings?” I asked, curious about the length of this trainwreck that was occurring before me. 
I was confounded, I admit, by Ian being matched with that viper. There couldn’t be two more different people in the whole of the pack! 
Ian was funny, light-hearted, and kind. He had a decent sense of humor and he was honorable. 
Jessica was catty, manipulative, and cruel. She cared only for herself. 
1/2 
Chapter 59 
444 
+25 Bonus 
Why on earth would the Moon Goddess pair them together as mates? 
And while I was on the topic, why did she give me a mystery mate who abandoned me after our first night together 1 
“Oh, I told her all right.” Ian moaned bitterly, “And she rejected me outright. She laughed in my face. Said she’d never look to a pup like me for that.” 
“Ouch.” I winced. 
“Yeah.” Ian sighed and stood, looking around the room for the first time. “But.. oh, I see I’ve interrupted something. Dinner? I’m so sorry.” He looked contrite. 
“Well… as you can see. There’s nothing to interrupt.” I gave him a rueful smile. “And I am glad I was able to be here for you in your hour of need.” 
“You are an excellent friend, Avery.” Ian said, genuinely. “I hope that you will prove luckier in love than I. Gideon is a blessed man to have you.” 
His words cut me in silent and unseen ways, but I offered him a smile and a hug. 
“I’ll get going.” Ian said, giving me quick a quick squeeze on my arms with his hands. “I don’t want to be your third-wheel again.” 
That glint of mischief crept back into his eyes as he looked at me in the firelight. Then he put on a fake voice and cackled like an evil villain, “Unless this is my chance to steal you away for good! Muahahahahaa- ow.” 
“Go on with you, lover boy.” I jabbed him with my fingers and pointed him towards the door. He went, turning towards the back of the pack house, probably going to find something to eat to mend his bruised heart. 
I needed to find a poultice that could help with that, I decided. Maybe one of those ancient grimoires had a love spell in it. 
I went to the table and fussed with brushing out the wrinkles in the tablecloth. 
“Gideon, where are you?” I said out loud to the darkening room. 
“Right behind you.” Gideon’s voice came loudly from the door way. 
“I got here just in time to catch you embracing your lover goodbye, I see.’ 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 60
Chapter 60 
Gideon’s POV 
I had asked her for trust. 
I had come to accept her apology. 
And I had seen the silhouette of her embracing her lover through the curtains. 
Cold fury settled into my bones as I sprinted up the last of the path and burst into the room. She was alone, now. Her lover must have fled out the back way when he’d heard me coming. 
No matter, I would hunt him down after this. I would make him pay. 
I cracked my knuckles and turned to slam the doors shut behind me. 
Avery flinched and stepped back. 
“Gideon, that’s not what happened!” She cried out. 
“I saw you embracing! Do not lie to me!” I stepped across the room and grabbed her by the shoulders. I whirled her around and threw her on the sofa, pinning her down with my body. 
Avery gasped, she squirmed underneath me. 
“You fool!” She cursed, “I don’t know what you think you saw, but the only man who’s been in my thoughts has been you!” She bit the words off in chunks, writhing to free herself beneath me. Her eyes flashed, furious in the firelight. 
“Is that so?” I barked, “So you’re telling me there’s no other man’s scent on you right now?” 
She raised her chin to stare at me defiantly, “The only man on me right now is you!” 
Her audacity enraged me. I knew what I had seen, and heard! The embrace, and those words, “This is my chance to steal you away for good!’ 
I couldn’t believe that she dared to lay here and gaslight me! I bent my neck down and inhaled her deeply, letting my wolf senses take over. I smelled the sweetness of her skin, heard the whoosh of air in her lungs as she inhaled beneath me. I could smell the herbs of her garden, and the sunshine in her hair. 
I inhaled again, looking for the scent of the man I knew had been here, had touched her, touched what was mine! 
There was no scent of any such man. Only her. She smelled like fresh spring rain, with a touch of adrenaline, and … arousal. 
The delicate scent of the latter threw me off totally and I pulled away quickly. 
“Well?” Avery asked dryly, “Did you find a scarlet letter on my chest while you were rooting around in there?” She tugged up the neckline of her top, where I had accidentally pulled it a bit too far down, revealing the lacy edge of her bra. 
My brain was short circuiting. I could have sworn… I stared at her in confusion. 
1/2 
Chapter 60 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh, you handsome, stupid Alpha.” Avery said, her tone biting. “I suppose I should be touched that you care. 
“Explain.” I growled. 
“Explain why you’re an idiot? It might take a while.” She mocked, though a touch of humor snuck in at the end, and her mouth twitched slightly. 
I leaned lower over her, breathing in deeply again. She filled my senses in delightful ways. 
Her breath caught as she wiggled under me once more, but she tried to explain. 
“Ian found his true mate.” She said, simply. 
I started to feel the rage rising again, thinking she was telling me that she was his mate, but she placed one hand on my chest and touched one finger to my lips. 
Cheeky minx. 
“She rejected him.” Avery continued, “I saw him approaching the house and thought he was you. He was upset and we spoke a little while, and then he left.” 
“So he wasn’t… you weren’t…?” 
“No! That’s what I’m trying to tell you, but you were too busy doing your best imitation of a caveman to listen!” She huffed underneath me, staring up at me with an open, honest gaze. “I thought you weren’t even coming!” 
“What?” I brushed the ridiculous idea away. I had left the operation in the capable hands of Quinn and Tegan just to be here for this. “Of course I wasn’t going to miss my own apology dinner.” 
Avery blushed slightly, and I realized that she was pleased. 
Which reminded me of the scent I had picked up. Surely she wasn’t attracted to… me? 
“So what did you think was happening?” She demanded. 
“I thought Ryan had showed up to steal you back!” I admitted. 
She laughed loudly, peal after peal of genuine mirth. 
“Oh you ridiculous men and your egos.” She tried to shove me away and sit up. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 61
Chapter 61 
Hmph. 
“So you deny that you still have feelings for him?” I growled, keeping her pinned. 
“I do deny it!” She glared at me. “He used me and threw me away! How could I love anyone who treated me like that?” A wounded look crept into her eyes that I hated to see. 
“Zara thinks that she stole a prize from me, but really, I was the one who dodged a bullet.” Avery’s lips twisted in a grimace, “And one day she is going to realize the sort of man she really married.” 
“I hope you know that I would never behave like he did.” I frowned. 
Avery froze into stillness beneath me, as though those words had touched her in some way the rest of our argument up to this point hadn’t. 
“I don’t know what to believe about you.” She breathed softly. Her fingertips rose to my face, almost touching, but pulling away. 
A spark flickered from the tip of her finger to my cheekbone, shocking me. Literal energy flying between us. 
Her pupils flared, and I found myself lost in the depths of her eyes, ocean-deep and just as mysterious. 
The doubts rose in me again, but each time, I inhaled her scent and reminded myself that she didn’t smell like deceit. She was telling the truth. She had been waiting here just for me. 
“Will you believe that I’m sorry?” I said back. 
Her eyebrows shot up, “You’re… apologizing?” 
“I understand it’s the thing to do when one is wrong.” I said, gruffly. “I overreacted.” 
She huffed out a small laugh. 
“I don’t understand you at all, Gideon Nightwolf. But I accept your apology. Now…” She squirmed beneath me once more, “will you please let me up?” 
Despite her polite request, and the fact that I didn’t have any reason to continue to restrain her, I hesitated. 
She felt… right beneath me. The way we fit together… There was a familiarity to it. 
I wanted to do the exact opposite from letting her up. I wanted to fit my body to hers. I wanted to flip her over the back of this couch and slide my hands up her thighs. 
I wanted to trail my fingertips along the front of her neckline and feel the lace that barely restrained the curve of her breasts give way to my hands. 
Above all, I wanted to sink my teeth into the curve of her shoulder and bite. 
The scent of her arousal grew stronger, as though she could sense the bent of my thoughts. And truthfully, she probably could feel them, as my own desire became more evident between us. 
Her request hung in the air as I struggled to reassert my control over my own body. Her hips moved slightly, 
1/2 
Chapter 61 
+25 Bonus 
knees parting just a little further, and it was all I could do not to bury my face in her perfume and let her juices 
coat my tongue. 
Why is this so hard? She’s not my mate! I growled in my throat and felt my hips twitch forward, seeking to claim, to let her feel every inch of me as I slid inside of her. 
Her lips had parted slightly, her breath coming in short pants as she breathed in my own scent, nostrils flaring. I saw her lips flush and her tongue flicked across them in anticipation. 
I wanted to claim that delicate mouth with my own, to feel her moan against it as she shuddered around me. I wanted to breathe in her gasps of pleasure, and then wring more from her body until she was spent utterly. 
Her wide eyes were transfixed on mine, as though she could hear my thoughts. Her soft breasts pressed against my chest, rapidly rising and falling with her stimulated breathing. 
It might have been the hardest thing I have ever done, to pull myself away from her in that moment. Slowly, I sat back and held out a hand to help her up. 
Standing was out of the question for a few moments. Avery busied herself straightening her clothing and I tried very hard to think non-sexual thoughts. 
When I was under control once more, I rose and walked to the table. The spread looked delicious and smelled almost as good as she did. 
“So, what would you like me to eat first?” 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 62
Chapter 62 
Avery’s POV 
Shyly, I placed Gideon’s food in front of him. He looked hungry. 
But not for food. 
What even was that moment on the couch? 
His accusation aside, the chemistry that had flowed between us had felt insane. It was somewhat reminiscent of my mating heat, but without the intense tidal pull of the moon. 
And this was the first time I felt I had witnessed Gideon almost lose control. 
I had thought it was just the intimacy of our position when he’d pushed me onto the couch, but now I was questioning if there was something more to it. 
Could he actually be… attracted to me in that way? 
Looking at him directly just made me blush. The way he had felt between my legs made me want to bite my lip and moan. 
Just the intensity of the way he’d looked at me underneath him. The sexy dream from the other day had been distracting enough, but our proximity now felt tantalizing. 
I found myself wanting to lean a little lower, let the top button of my shirt remain unbuttoned. I wanted to accidentally drop my napkin and bend over in front of him. 
Watching him watch me with that heated gaze felt intoxicating. 
But weren’t things already confusing enough between us? This attraction that had only escalated over these past few weeks was muddling my mind about what I was doing here. 
I needed to get my mother to safety. I needed to get out of this engagement before I became the third wheel to Gideon and his true mate. I needed to find a place where I could build a more permanent life. 
Still, it was nice to be in this daydream. A dream where Gideon shoveled my food into his mouth like he’d ne eaten a homecooked meal in his life. 
“You made all this?” he asked, around a mouthful of food. 
“I did.” I stared at him while he made another piece of bread disappear and helped himself to more carrots. 
“It’s just peasant food.” I joked. I had thought that comfort food would help reinforce the sincerity of my apology. “It’s all we really ate growing up.” 
Gideon raised his head in shock. 
“Avery…” His tone was kind and sympathetic, “The food is delicious.” 
He looked like he wanted to ask something, “Did you… not grow up with much?” 
I turned my head to stare into the flames in the fireplace and shrugged. 
1/2 
Chapter 62 
+25 Bonus 
“I wasn’t raised with any privileges, if that’s what you’re asking.” 
Gideon was still looking at me, and I forced myself to meet his stare, “I’ve been called a lot of things, some of them deserved, but anyone who calls me entitled is a liar.” 
He barked a laugh at that, “Fair enough. I hope one day you will feel comfortable enough to tell me a bit more about yourself.” 
All I could do at that was shrug noncommittally. It wasn’t the sort of subject I liked thinking about, much less telling anyone else about. 
“So, since this is your apology dinner… Did you decide on your punishment for the wolf who tried to make me murder everyone?” Gideon’s tone was dangerously casual. 
“As a matter of fact, I did.” I responded. “She will be working with me in the garden for the foreseeable future.” 
He tilted his head at me, “Do you think that’s wise, considering the way she deceived you?” 
“I do, actually. I think she’s being manipulated by others, and if I can remove her from their influence, I truly do believe she is an asset for the pack.” 
Gideon looked doubtful. 
“I could ask you the same question.” I said, daringly, “Why do you tolerate Jessica when she does nothing but start trouble?” 
He looked taken aback. “That’s a bold question.” 
He was quiet for a moment, chewing his food. “I suppose, for a while, I wasn’t aware of all that she was up to. Gideon admitted, “She was Tegan’s sister, and I was an unattached bachelor. She can be a fun person to spend 
time with.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 63
Chapter 63 
I snorted. I bet any man would find Jessica to be a ‘fun time’. 
Gideon gave me a warning look, “A lot of her behavior only escalated when you arrived.” 
“Well, I didn’t make her into a meangirl.” I sniffed indignantly. 
Gideon gestured with his fork in the air. “No, but you did mix up the paradigm. I think Jessica thought she had a good thing going until then. You made her realize that the petty castle she had been building in her mind could fall apart at any moment.” 
I could see how that might be true. We both were making the best of a bad situation in our own ways. 
I was doing it by cooking dinner. She was doing it by being a bitch. 
“More shepherd’s pie?” I asked, piling more food on his plate. 
“Yes please.” Gideon growled, “I’ll need the energy for hunting down Ian and kicking his ass for getting too close to my Luna, again.” 
I fixed Gideon with a quelling stare that had no effect, “He’s already gone through enough. Please don’t punish him.” 
He raised an eyebrow at me, and I could see the hint of jealousy he was pushing to the side. 
“He needs to stop monopolizing your time regardless. I intend to tell him so.” 
“I was the one who ran out to him, thinking he was you!” I protested. “I thought something terrible had happened!” 
“Why would you think that?” Gideon asked, curiously. 
“Well, everyone up and left on some secret mission, and no one tells me anything! I don’t know if you’re off on a business meeting or fighting for your life in the forest!” I said indignantly. “And I just assumed whatever it was, was more important than having dinner with me.” 
“Having sampled the dinner, I can assure you that very little could parallel this.” Gideon pushed back from the table with a satisfied sigh. “Still, it won’t do to leave you alone where ne’er-do-well’s like lan can be nuisances whenever they want.” 
I opened my mouth to protest, but Gideon raised one hand. 
“Don’t worry, I won’t punish him this time, but I am going to keep you where I can keep a better eye on yo From here on out, you will act as my assistant. I want you by my side whenever I’m on pack business. You’l know more about what’s going on, and I will be better able to protect you.” 
“I’m not a secretary!” I protested. 
“No, you’re the future Luna.” Gideon said firmly, “There are important tasks I will need to be able to assign to you in the future, and this is an excellent opportunity to learn. It will also be good for the pack to see you by my side in a leadership role.” 
I shut my mouth on my ions. It was obvious that Gideon’s mind was made up. 
1/2 
Chapter 63 
+25 Bonus 
But could I really do it? Planning the Gala had been a hard assignment, made even harder by sabotage. The more I understood about what it took to run a pack like Nightwolf, the more I found myself nervous about the future. 
I would perpetually have a target on my back as Luna. 
But I had also seen what sort of world other wolves would create if they had the opportunity. I had grown up in a pack that suffered from poor leadership. What would happen to the young wolves growing up in Nightwolf now, if someone like Jessica took over as Luna? 
No matter what happened to me, I wanted to make this world better than the one I had grown up in. 
Very well, I would glue myself to Gideon’s side. 
And try to ignore this increasing desire to jump his bones. 
We’d just have to keep it professional. 
How hard could that be? 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 64
Chapter 64 
Ryan’s POV 
The back porch was in a state of disrepair. Broken boards and railings marred what had once been a graceful wrap-around. It had seen some hard times. 
So had I. 
My chin was covered in stubble, and I think I’d been wearing the same flannel shirt for a few days now. 
It didn’t matter. 
I really needed to handle some things. There was a stack of reports I couldn’t be bothered to look at. There were pack dramas to adjudicate. My Beta was starting to get downright hostile about my procrastination. 
But all I could think about was her. 
I hadn’t realized how much more full she had made my life feel. She had listened to my problems and pointed out how I had the tools to make them better. She had always been in my corner. 
And then I had fucked it up. 
It wasn’t that I hadn’t found her attractive. Avery’s beauty had always been striking, but her status in the pack had been low and I was ashamed to admit that it had effected me. My ego wanted to be the best Alpha Silvermoon had ever seen. 
Despite her support as my girlfriend, Avery had felt like someone I would move on from. I knew she had dreams of us becoming fated mates. She had talked about securing our bond by having sex, but she was still young and so we had waited. 
And I had been angry about that. 
I had seen her as withholding herself from me, and as the future Alpha, it infuriated me that she was holding herself back from me. 
So when Zara, her half-sister, had been there on the Mating Moon, I admit I had thought more with my dick than with my heart. 
I hadn’t expected Avery to barge in on us while we fucked. The betrayal on her face was seared into my mind. I knew that Zara and Avery had a history of hatred between them. 
I admit I hadn’t even thought about that when I was between Zara’s legs. Now, that was the only place my would shut up about it. I was sleeping with Avery’s enemy, and she had trusted me. 
And I felt betrayed as well. She had immediately moved on to another Alpha. And Gideon was such an insufferable Alpha. 
He was always going on about the importance of patrols, and of making sure our warriors were well trained. He was much bigger on structure and logistics than vibes. It was so much work. 
I admit I’d never been much of a warrior alpha in the art-of-war way. I loved a brawl or a scrap, and sinking my teeth into an opponent’s throat was the best feeling in the world. My wolf was savage in that way, but not so 
1/4 
Chapter 64 
+25 Bonus 
very calculating. 
Being in a room with Gideon was like knowing that the bigger predator was across the table, and I hated feeling inferior to him. His pack was slightly smaller due to losses they’d suffered, but still managed to field the best army of warriors in the kingdom. 
I wanted so badly to see him fail. 
And I wanted Avery back. 
She had rejected me at the Alpha Ceremony, and it made me burn with fury. If Gideon hadn’t interfered, I knew I could have convinced her to marry me instead of Zara. I had realized how much I needed her. 
And she had rejected me. 
I took a pull of my beer and belched into the night air. 
Somewhere in the house behind me, Zara was waiting. She was always complaining that I didn’t spend enough time with her. The sex was fine, but I wanted something else. 
I wanted Avery. 
Something was stirring in the woods. My wolf senses sharpened in alert. 
I stood up and stomped down the cinder blocks that functioned as makeshift stairs into the forest behind the 
house. 
I stood on the forest path, looking around in the darkness. The alcohol was a constant buzz in my system. It dulled my senses and I shook my head to clear it. 
Then froze as five razor sharp claws grabbed my throat. 
“If you just listen, you will live.” A low voice growled. 
I snarled and threw myself away, feeling the razor sharp scrape from that hand dig into my neck drawing blood. 
“Who the fuck are you?” I should have howled for backup, but my brain wasn’t moving that quick. This intruder was in my territory, but what he had said was sinking in. 
“I’ll listen. Speak.” 
The figure who had grabbed me stepped into the moonlight. I could tell from his build that he was a powerfull built Alpha, but I didn’t recognize his scent at all. 
“I have a business proposition for you, friend.” 
“Most friends don’t start conversations with violence.” I pointed out. The man gave an expansive shrug. 
“Most don’t have me as their friend.” 
“What’s the business?” I asked, curious. 
“There was a girl in your pack. About 19. She left some short while ago, and I need to find her.” 
2/4 
Chapter 64 
+25 Bonus 
“People come and go all the time.” I said nonchalantly. “What do you want with her?” 
“Have you heard of the Moon Goddess Heir?” The man asked. 
“The old legends? What of them?” 
“She’s real. She has incredible healing powers she can unlock, with the right training. And more than that, she can bear an extremely powerful heir. Far superior to any fated mate.” 
“I’ve heard the fairytales, but why are you telling me this?” I asked, curiously. 
“The girl you let go bears the Moon Goddess bloodline. I have been tracking her down. So I’ll ask again, what happened to her?” 
Avery. He was talking about Avery. The thought hit me with a shock. 
“I see you know who I’m talking about.” The man nodded with satisfaction. “Good. Tell me where she is.” 
“Why should I tell you?” I snapped. “She’s gone now.” 
He laughed. “Well, we’re going to get her back, of course.” 
“We?” I said skeptically. 
“Oh yes. You’re going to help me.” 
“And why exactly would I do that?” I crossed my arms. 
“Because, friend, I am going to help you conquer Nightwolf.” 
I froze at what he said. “You? I don’t even know who you are.” 
He stepped closer, at this distance now I could tell he had an eyepatch over one eye. There was something strange about his scent as well. He looked and moved like an Alpha, but his scent shifted in waves, sometimes intense and other times less so. 
“I’m the Rogue King.” 
Zara’s POV 
From where I lurked on the second floor of our house, I could hear the voices from out back clearly. 
So Ryan was going to try and get Avery back. That bastard. I knew he had some scene with her at the Alph Ceremony, but I had hoped he had moved on. 
My hatred for Avery intensified. She’d always acted so smugly superior. She’d been the one dating the A and pretending like she was so obsessed with doing the right thing. 
Everyone knew she was a freak. She couldn’t manifest her wolf. She wasn’t any Moon Goddess Heir, just a broken and flawed mutant. 
I wasn’t going to let her steal Ryan away from me. He would learn his mistake when I revealed her for the weak, pathetic human she truly was. 
3/4 
Chapter 64 
I imagined Avery kneeling before me, sobbing, and smirked. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
日 
Comments 
仙 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 65
Chapter 65 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 65 
Avery’s POV 
The next few days I spent learning Gideon’s schedule. 
The first day, I showed up at 9am to find he’d already been in the office for hours. 
The next day I came at 8am and still didn’t beat him in. 
The day after that, I showed up at 6am and managed to look busy when he walked in at 7:30am. Secretly I was grateful, I was starting to miss sleeping in. 
I also learned how he liked his coffee (black), what he ate for breakfast (a bagel), and what the first thing he did in the office was (check his mail). 
I tried to lean into the secretary role. I showed up in a pencil skirt with my glasses on. I wrote down notes on yellow pads of legal paper. On the fourth day, I showed up with coffee for both of us. 
Gideon took it from me gratefully, and I started to feel like maybe I was becoming useful. 
It wasn’t all boring office duties, though he did have me organizing some old files for a while. He started having me set up our meetings with other pack leaders, and the primary tradesfolk that worked with Nightwolf. 
There were a lot of laws that governed what the packs were able to do within the kingdom. Here in the north, most of the civilized towns were werewolf packs, but to the south there were human settlements as well. 
The humans had their own kings and treaties with the wolfpacks that mandated who could be where, and why. Nightwolf had control over the forests and game in our territory, for example, but outside of Nightwolf lands, it was illegal to hunt livestock without a written permit. 
Each pack had to keep a census of members, and the werewolf council used this to determine votes when it came to inter-pack business. The more members, the more votes. 
The packs themselves were often shifting, as Alphas rose and fell. About once a week there would be news of So- and-so elevated to Alpha, or of members of pack hierarchies that had stepped down, been deposed, or died. 
Working with the pack records reminded me that I wanted to continue to work on my herbalism skills. There was a coven of witches that traded with the packs that would provide reagents and supplies, so I put in an order for materials to set up a still room. 
In the afternoons, I was excused to work in the garden with Madelyn while Gideon met with his Beta, Tegar talk military strategy. 
Madelyn and I had gotten more friendly over the week we’d worked together. She would catch me up on the gossip and I mostly just listened. I didn’t have any information to give in trade. I didn’t really socialize with 
anyone. 
We were working on starting flats of cucumbers and beans that would go in the ground once it warmed up a bit more when Madelyn looked up and gasped. 
“Gideon and Tegan are walking this way!” She shoved my elbow to get my attention. “Oh my god.” 
1/3 
Chapter 65 
+25 Bonus 
Sure enough, Gideon and his Beta were walking down the garden path towards our potting tables. 
“Ladies.” Tega bowed. 
“Luna.” Gideon greeted me, pointedly disregarding Madelyn. 
“Alpha.” We both curtsied. 
“Did you need me?” I asked, confused as to why Gideon was here. I had checked with him whether he needed anything before I left the office earlier. 
“Actually, we’re here to see if you need us.” Tegan said. “We had a free hour before dinner and I thought it might be nice for, uh, us to get some fresh air.” 
I looked at Gideon curiously. Had he really come to help me? He gave me a curt nod. 
“Well…” I quickly showed Tegan how we were preparing the seedling flats. 
“Madelyn came up with a really great trellis system we’re going to use to create some arches across the garden.” I said brightly, “She’s been a great help.” 
I looked at Tegan and smiled as I said it, while Madelyn blushed at the compliment. I remembered that Tegan was her crush, so I played up some other comments about how hard she’d been working. 
I wasn’t making it all up either, it truly had been great to have an assistant in the garden who I could trust to get things done when I was busy with other duties. 
“Thank you.” Madelyn whispered gratefully as we passed each other on the way to the bags of potting soil. “I didn’t expect you to say such nice things about me.” 
“Anytime!” I winked. Then I caught Gideon staring at me and hurried over to him. 
“You’re laying it on a bit thick.” He commented dryly, as I walked with him across the yard to show where I wanted to build a raised keyhole garden bed. “That wolf,” he indicated Madelyn, “has a ways to go before she’s back in my good graces. You should think so too.” 
I shrugged, “It’s not that I don’t believe in her punishment, but she also could be performing these tasks with a lot less heart than she is. I appreciate the good attitude, and besides, I want to make her look good in front of Tegan.” 
“Oh?” Gideon raised an eyebrow. “I see.” 
The light started to fade and the four of us headed to the kitchen to wash up. Anna had set a high trench ta with a simple rustic dinner and we all dug in with relish. It was nice to sit, just the four of us, and chat abo simple things. 
Tegan told a hysterical story about a misunderstanding with the night watch, while Madelyn mostly sat quie and blushed. To my surprise, Gideon disappeared for a moment and returned with a box of cupcakes for desse 
“I didn’t think you liked sweets.” I remarked, remembering when he’d tossed my cake. Tegan covered a laugh with a cough into his hand while Gideon frowned. 
“I noticed you admiring the baked goods in the window of the bakery in town, and thought you might like 
2/3 
Chapter 65 
+25 Bonus 
these.” He said, stiffly. 
I thanked him profusely and bit into the crème filled sweets with relish, getting powdered sugar and frosting all over. I offered some to Tegan and Madelyn who also partook. 
Afterward, the others left, leaving Gideon and I to walk back to the main house together. 
“So, what’s on the itinerary for tomorrow?” I asked curiously. Technically it was the weekend, but I didn’t think Gideon took anything similar to a ‘rest day’. 
“I’m going to your old pack.” Gideon said. 
“Oh.” Was he going to continue looking for his mate? Tension flooded into my body. It had been such a nice week working together, I had almost forgotten about the missing Luna, but now all my insecurities came flooding back. 
I hated feeling like a jealous person. 
“Can I come with you?” I asked, trying to keep my voice calm and nonchalant. 
“I don’t know…” Gideon prevaricated, “I don’t like the idea of you being back in the territory where you were kidnapped last time.” 
I winced. That was fair. 
“I would like to see my mother.” I said firmly. I didn’t mention that I also wanted to keep an eye on him, and see whether he was looking for his missing mate. 
There was a long pause, then Gideon agreed. 
“Fine, but I want you to stay away from Ryan.” He warned. 
Comments 
 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 66
Chapter 66 
Avery’s POV 
I felt bad rushing through my visit with my mother. She clearly had missed me, and wanted to sit and linger over 
tea. 
She looked tired, but assured me it was just being ‘a bit under the weather’. I could tell there was something she wasn’t telling me though. 
“How are things going with your Alpha?” she asked finally. 
I didn’t want to lie to her, but I hadn’t really received any further clarity. If anything, things had only gotten more confusing. 
“He is a good Alpha.” I reiterated what I’d said before, “But, his work takes over his life. Finding time to spend together is hard.” 
I didn’t mention that I was pretty sure he had another woman. That she was here somewhere, and that I wanted so badly to sneak away to try and catch him with her. 
“I never thought the old traditions regarding pack inter-marriage made much sense.” My mother complained. “ There are so many things that we don’t even remember why they became important. Now everyone just follows tradition but the original purpose is lost.” 
I hadn’t thought about that much. Why was it that Silvermoon and Nightwolf were supposed to marry every few generations anyways? I’d assumed it was just so that they would have less incentive to slaughter each other, but maybe there was more to it. 
I’d need to try to do some research. 
“Mom, you know I will try and get you out of here, right?” I asked. 
“Oh honey, you don’t need to worry about me. You have a whole new pack to worry about. I’ve always survived.” 
“Still, if you need me, please send me a message?” I pressed. My mother smiled and laid her hand over my own. 
“I doubt it will come to that, my daughter.” 
She refused to talk about how she was being treated. I could tell from what she didn’t say, that she was having some difficulty, but every time I pressed her about it, she changed the subject. 
“Oh, the Alpha was looking for you.” She mentioned. 
“Gideon?” I asked, confused. He’d basically booked it once we’d parked and I hadn’t seen him since. 
“No, your old boyfriend. Ryan. He came by and asked me a bunch of questions about you. Strange ones too. 
Ryan had been looking for me? That couldn’t be good. 
“Just tell him to mind his own business, mother.” 
She laughed. “I’ve never been able to stand up to Alphas, my dear. No smart wolf does.” 
1/4 
Chapter 66 
+25 Bonus 
Hierarchy had been so drilled into my mother, she could never imagine pushing back. Not even when my father had taken me. She had just suffered silently. 
I had a different perspective on Alphas now. They were just as flawed as the rest of us. 
Finally I made my goodbyes and slipped out of the forest hut. 
I wanted to find Gideon, but I didn’t want him to see me. 
I struck off through the forest in the direction he had headed when we’d disembarked. He hadn’t shared with me what his mission was, so I was suspicious that he was here looking for the mate he’d lost. 
I didn’t know what I’d do if I found them together. I just… needed to know. 
Jealousy made my bile rise, and I swallowed it down. 
There was a masculine shape on the path up ahead. Was it Gideon? I slowed my steps and tried to move quietly, but the man turned. 
“Avery?” Ryan’s voice came through the trees. “I’ve been looking for you.” 
I grimaced and tried to slink away through the trees. I didn’t want to see him. 
“Wait!” Ryan commanded. Despite myself, the Alpha command stopped me in my tracks. He was getting better at that. 
He jogged over to me, staring at me intently. 
“I was thinking about you.” He said softly, “We’re not far from where we took that camping trip together.” 
I closed my eyes against the memory. He and I had taken camping gear and hiked to a small lake near here. It had been a nice time, cooking meals together and swimming in the lake in the summer sun. 
Then it had rained for two days. Despite being a bit soggy, we’d cuddled in the tent and listened to the rain. It had been so nice and cozy. 
“What do you want, Ryan?” I asked. 
“I miss you.” He said plaintively. “Our last chat was, uh, interrupted.” 
Yeah. Interrupted by Gideon’s boot. 
“Speaking of which, don’t you need to get back to your mate?” I asked pointedly. 
“Zara is…” Ryan frowned, “not who I want to see.” 
“She’s your mate!” I felt like I was the crazy person for needing to point that out. “You thought she was important enough to fuck on the Mating Moon…” 
Ryan winced, “I know. She just… I don’t like her as much as I liked you.” 
“Oh come off it.” I scoffed, “You just always think the grass is greener on the other side of the fence.” 
“Just give me another chance!” Ryan pleaded. He reached out and touched my cheek with one finger, and I 
2/4 
Chapter 66 
+25 Bonus 
turned my face away. 
“Don’t you have someone else to torment?” I accused. 
“Oh, like who? Your mother?” Ryan’s voice turned nasty. “You don’t want to know all the things Zara has been making her do.” 
“What?!” My voice was ice cold. 
“Come be with me instead. You can make her life better.” Ryan weaseled. 
“You are a terrible Alpha!” I swore, “You should be trying to make life better for everyone in your pack! But all you can think about is what you don’t have, and who you want to stick your dick into!” 
“I want to be with you, Avery.” Ryan groaned. He reached out and grabbed my hand, and pushed it against the front of his pants. “You make me so hard. I need you.” 
Ew! 
I yanked my hand away like I’d been burned. He wasn’t lying though, the man was hard as a rock. 
“Ryan!” I protested. “I don’t want this. I don’t want you! Go find your wife! Go get her to touch your dick!” 
“Please, Avery…” Ryan crowded closer, trying to catch my hands again. I slapped at him futilely as he backed me into a tree, “You smell so good. I want to fuck you. I want to have children with you.” 
“What the fuck are you doing?” My back was scratched by rough tree bark, and he was pressing into me now. 
“Just… let me…” Ryan grabbed my face in both hands and pressed his lips to mine. I put my hands on his chest and shoved, but he was much bigger than I was and barely moved. 
“Get away from me!” I twisted my head to the side. 
With a groan, Ryan pushed himself away reluctantly. I was glad to see that he wasn’t going to take things further, because he was starting to frighten me. 
“You never let me have you, Avery.” He whined. “Always playing hard to get.” 
He backed away, eyes burning. 
“You can pretend not to want me all you like, but I remember how you used to want to give yourself to me. You wanted me once, Avery. You will want me again.” 
He turned to go, but gave one last parting shot. 
“I’ll always remember the taste of you.” 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 67
Chapter 67 
+25 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
I could feel the thunderstorm approaching at my back as I watched Ryan disappear down the path. I didn’t even need to turn around to know that Gideon was standing behind me, with his icy stare and his cold disapproval. 
“I told you to stay away from him.” His growl made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. 
“Is that why you’re here?” I whirled to face him. “To police me? Aren’t you only here to hunt down your missing mate?” 
The words flew out of my mouth before I could reel them back in. 
I watched Gideon’s expression go flat, his mouth compressing into a thin line. 
Admittedly, this probably was going to set back our trust-building exercises somewhat, but I was tired of tip- toeing around his inconvenient truths. 
“I don’t understand you, Gideon.” I said, “You want me as Luna, but not as your mate. I’m supposed to be your secretary, and I hope, at least your friend. What happens to me when you find your real mate? Do I just get ushered out the door to live my life as a rogue? Packless?” 
I marched closer to him, staring up at him and letting my tongue loose. 
“You want us to learn how to trust each other, but my future is forever uncertain with you! I don’t see how I can marry someone who doesn’t see me as their mate. It’s all of me, or nothing!” 
I crossed my arms and stared into his stormy eyes, “I want a real commitment, not a bunch of Alpha-jealousy bullshit! What security do you really offer me?” 
He let my tirade continue until it slowed. 
“Is security and commitment what you think Ryan will offer you?” His voice was glacial. “If so, you are more a fool than I thought possible.” 
He didn’t answer any of my accusations, but he did step closer, looking down his nose at me. I could feel his powerful aura, like always, and smell the scent of him. Cedar and the ozone and smoke of a lightning strike. 
Ryan definitely didn’t activate all my senses the way Gideon did. 
I didn’t want Ryan. 
With a sinking but triumphant realization, I knew in my heart that I only wanted Gideon. I wanted this infuriating, terrifying, frustrating man who made my blood boil and my body sing. 
The last few days had highlighted how much just being in his presence made me feel happy and alive, even j doing mundane office paperwork. 
I wanted him to notice me, to care about me. 
But before any of that could happen, I just wanted Gideon to give me a straight answer about what we could be to each other. He owed me that, at least, if he expected me to stay. 
1/3 
Chapter 67 
+25 Bonus 
Finally he spoke, but not to say what I needed to hear. 
“I have one last thing to wrap up here. Meet me at the car.” 
Then he turned and walked up the path. 
Insufferable Alpha asshole! 
Gideon’s POV 
It had been a mistake bringing her here. I guess all rats come back to the sewer occasionally. 
I didn’t have a good reason to deny her the chance to see her mother, but clearly I had been too soft and lenient. 
All of that would stop now. 
If Avery wanted to visit, she would come with a full complement of body guards. 
Silvermoon was a cesspool, and it was only getting worse. The rogue infestations that had popped up were well and truly entrenched now, and my attempts to talk to our ally pack about it were met with gross indifference. 
They truly didn’t seem to care that the enemy was on their doorstep. 
I had come to try and prevent this territory from being overrun, for my bride’s sake. 
Now, after 3 seconds in the arms of her ex, she apparently didn’t want to be my bride any longer. 
I stalked through the woods, Ryan’s scent weaving in front of me. 
I was going to have a few choice words with Silvermoon’s alleged ‘Alpha’. 
I came up behind him as he was stopping to take a piss in the woods. He seemed to have some issues opening his fly. 
“That’s funny, I heard your issue is usually keeping your dick in your pants, not getting it out.” I drawled, leaning against a tree nearby. 
Ryan swore and whirled around, half-shifted. 
Oh good, give me a fucking reason and I would gut him on the spot. 
I let my fangs emerge and gave a warning snarl, flying forward to slam him against the tree. 
He struggled and tore at my shirt, but I was stronger than him, and by the smell of things he’d spent the l weeks drinking instead of managing his pack. 
“You reek.” I snarled, my incisors snapping. “Your whole territory stinks, Ryan. Probably because you’re su shitty Alpha.” 
“What do you want, Gideon?” He whined pathetically, “You can’t come into my territory just to threaten me. I’m still Silvermoon’s Alpha. You don’t want a war between our packs.” 
“Don’t I?” I threw back, “Since you seem to be overrun with rogues now, it’s starting to feel inevitable. Maybe I should challenge for your title instead. Then at least the innocent people who live here would have a chance at 
2/3 
Chapter 67 
+25 Bonus 
surviving.” 
“That’s not why you’re here.” Ryan pointed out, astutely, “So stop telling me how to run my business and get to the point.” 
“Stay away from Avery.” I shoved him backwards for emphasis, causing him to stumble. “You’ve caused her enough pain. She doesn’t want you.’ 
“Are you sure about that?” Ryan gave a sickly smile, “Because it seems to me that you must be having doubts if you’re here to tell me to stay away. Why, not even a few minutes ago, she had her lips on mine. So, is the real issue that she doesn’t want you? How embarrassing.” 
He made an obscene kissing sound that cut off as my fist crunched into his teeth. He went down like a sack of bricks, rolling and grabbing his face on the forest floor. 
I said, squatting down next to him. “Since you seem to love the taste of Nightwolf in your mouth, let me remind you that it will always come with your blood along with it.” 
I knelt forward and pinned him to the dirt with my fist around his neck. He looked like a cockroach, stuck on h 
back. 
“Get your house in order. Get rid of the filth that lives in your forests or the next time I come back it will be to claim this pack and your head along with it. You are a travesty to the legacy of Silvermoon, and your ancestors will thank me for removing your stain on their bloodline.” 
Ryan’s eyes were rolling back in his head as he flailed with arms and legs, trying to dislodge my chokehold. 
“Last warning.” I rose and wiped my hand on the nearest bush. It smelled like his fear and alcoholic sweat. 
I gave him a swift kick to the stomach before turning and leaving. The man was more useful of late polishing my boots, it seemed. 
“If you so much as speak to Avery again, I will kill you.” 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 68
Chapter 68 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
Being stuck in the car with Gideon was very similar to being stuck in a cage with a tiger. Every move I made drew his attention. Every time I looked at him, he was staring at me with that predator’s gaze. 
I am sure, had there been room, he would have prowled in circles. 
Being alone with him was raising my blood pressure. 
It had occurred to me, on the walk back to the car, that without our marriage agreement, Gideon had no real reason to keep me alive. 
Up to this point, I had known that going back to Silvermoon would be a death sentence, but it had felt like my alternatives were to survive with Gideon, or escape into the wilds with my mother and find another pack, or live as rogues. 
Now I realized that the third option could just as easily be to make us disappear in another way. 
No one from Silvermoon would look for us. Even if my mother mounted an ion to my disappearance, no one would take her seriously. 
No one in Nightwolf dared to challenge Gideon. 
Speaking up for myself had felt like the right thing to do in the moment. Now I was having regrets. Why couldn’t I just have kept my mouth shut? 
Let Gideon have his jealousy moment. It wasn’t like I was actually interested in Ryan, I just was tired of being treated like a piece of meat to be tossed between two Alphas, neither of whom actually wanted to eat me! 
Actually… 
Gideon might want to eat me. The way he was staring made it seem like he’d gobble me right up. 
I just wasn’t sure I’d survive the experience. 
I blushed, and looked away from that intense gaze. 
His shirt was torn. 
His knuckles were bloody. 
And he hadn’t said a word to me yet. 
I admit, I was morbidly curious what he had gotten up to after we’d parted in the woods, but I highly dou he’d tell me. So we rode in silence. 
“Avery.” His voice rumbled over the sound of the tires on the road. 
I glanced up at him. 
“Come here.” He patted the seat next to him. 
1/2 
Chapter 68 
+25 Bonus 
I hesitated. In his current mood, I didn’t want to be any closer to Gideon than I had to be. 
“Come here.” 
I blinked and I was sitting on the seat next to him. Woah. 
I had heard Gideon’s command voice before, but he hadn’t just commanded me, he had overridden every rational thought between me and doing what he wanted. 
I gaped at him. 
“Well. Here I am.” It came out in a squeak instead of the sassy tone I intended. 
My thigh was pressed against Gideon’s, and I became increasingly aware of the heat of him on this side of the vehicle. If before he had smelled like a thunderstorm, now he felt like a wildfire. 
What was going on with me? I hadn’t felt nearly this overwhelmed when in his presence before. 
“Whatever you’re doing, can you tone it down a bit?” I gasped, “I’m burning up.” 
He gave me a strange look. 
“What does Ryan have on you that makes you so interested?” He questioned me. 
“Nothing! He’s a piece of shit!” I said indignantly. 
Gideon took a slow breath, as though he was willing himself into patience. 
“Then what else is it?” He demanded, “Every time I turn around you’re running back to him.” 
“I’m not running back to him!” I glared, “He’s coming after me! Aren’t you being a bit hypocritical?” I trailed off. 
I hadn’t meant to say that much. Was Gideon using his alpha powers to lower my shields? 
I hissed and scooted away, putting a few inches of space between us. The intense heat diminished somewhat, but I still felt flushed and warm. 
“What do you mean?” Gideon interrogated. 
“Nevermind.” I turned and looked out the window. I felt the seat dip between us. When I turned back, I nearly screamed. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Chapter 69 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 69
Chapter 69 
Gideon was right next to me again, his handsome face inches from mine, and he didn’t look happy. 
“Explain.” he grated out between clenched teeth. 
“Uh…” I stammered. Why did he have to be all up in my space? “Ok. Why did you want to come to Silvermoon today?” 
Gideon exhaled slowly, but indulged the question “Because there are rogue cells embedded in the forest around your pack’s territory that they are refusing to do anything about.” 
“…oh.” I said, voice small. “So it wasn’t about finding your missing mate?” 
Gideon was silent again. 
So it was partially about that! Aha! 
I stared up at him from under my lashes coolly. His eyebrows were drawn tight over his glare. 
“You are mine.” he snapped finally. “It’s not negotiable.” 
I was startled at the words, and more so at the passion underneath them. Since when did Gideon care so much about what happened to me? 
“Why?” I asked, astonished. “Why me?” 
“As Alpha, I must fulfill tradition.” I watched the muscles in Gideon’s jaw clench and unclench as he ground the words out. 
His words reminded me of what my mother had said during my visit. 
“Not all traditions still have purpose.” I said, gently. “Maybe it’s time for this one to end.” 
“That,” Gideon grated, “is not an option.” 
“Why not?” I said loudly, “What purpose does it serve anymore?” 
To my knowledge, the bond between Silvermoon and Nightwolf had only been exacerbated by their contact. If the tradition stopped, that friction might stop as well. 
Gideon didn’t answer. I tried another angle. 
Gently I placed my hand on his where it rested on his leg. 
He froze. 
Under my fingertips, I could feel the pulse in his wrist beating strongly. 
“Gideon, I know that you are a good Alpha. That won’t change, no matter how many traditions are broken.” pleaded truthfully. “Anyone who judges you for that is missing the point.” 
He shook his head slowly. 
“I’ll do some research!” I continued, ignoring his disapproval “There’s got to be another way to fulfill tradition 
1/2 
Chapter 69 
+25 Bonus 
that doesn’t end in both of us being miserable together.” 
“Is that what I make you? Miserable?” Gideon asked coldly. 
“N-n-no… That’s not what I meant.” I floundered, “But what future do we really have together as Luna and Alpha if we aren’t mates?….not that I’m saying I want to be your mate, just…” Fuck. 
My lame protestations fell off into nothing. 
“The future is just a….very long time.” I said after a minute. “If you’ve already got someone, then I want to find my someone as well. That’s all.” 
“No.” 
His flat response struck like a whipcrack. 
“…No?” 
“No.” He nodded curtly, “You are not leaving. You are marrying me as Luna. There is no other future that is acceptable in this scenario.” 
“Doesn’t that strike you as unfa-.” 
“Avery.” There was that commanding voice again. It clicked my mouth shut and made me sit up and listen. 
“Do not go near Ryan again.” Gideon commanded. 
I tried to speak back but my body wouldn’t respond. I should have felt angry that he was commanding me like this, but the same instincts that kept me from talking back also reassured me that somehow what he was asking was correct and good. 
I hated that he had that Alpha power over me. While I managed to stand up to Ryan just fine, Gideon had this way of getting behind my shields. Was it because I was in his pack now? I was becoming more Nightwolf than Silvermoon? 
I could only nod. 
The car rolled to a stop on Nightwolf property and Gideon opened the door to get out. As he left, he gave me one final look before stepping out of the car. 
“We will be married at the next Dark Moon.” Then he disappeared into the night. 
Two weeks away. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 70
Chapter 70 
Avery’s POV 
The pack library bore some similarities to the records room in the basement. Both were packed to the brim with information. Whereas the records room had boxes of files, the library had more bound books, but both boasted a copious amount of dust. 
I mused that one might be able to tell what the state of current affairs was for a pack if their library looked like no one had used it in years. 
If our lives were more peaceful, perhaps there would be more time for scholarly pursuits. 
Whereas previously I had been digging around in more general subjects like botany, pharmacology, and medicinal shelves to support my burgeoning medical interests, this time I was deep in the stacks looking for the tomes that recorded the earliest records pertaining to Nightwolf Pack’s history. 
Primarily, I was looking for information regarding the early pacts and alliances that had been formed between Nightwolf and Silvermoon. I wanted to know where this intermarriage tradition had arisen. 
Maybe I could find evidence to support ending it. 
Mostly, the old records were cut and dry records of a struggling settlement trying to get by. Planting records and census rolls were in thick supply, providing sobering insight to the harshness of life in these northern forests. 
I flipped past heartbreaking records of swaths of deaths to famine, disease, and war. When the pack reached dangerously low levels, they had often turned to neighboring packs to form alliances and boost their numbers through interbreeding. 
There were stories hidden between these dry lines, I was sure. In one instance, Nightwolf had allied with a pack named Ghostwraith, and then just two generations later a bloody war nearly decimated both. 
Why had that alliance fallen apart? There was no Ghostwraith Pack still operating that I knew of. 
I guess history is written only by the survivors. 
Finally, in the records from about 300 years previous, I found mention of intermarriage between Silvermoon and Nightwolf. 
Aha! 
I squinted at the whispery, hand-written script. 
“Advantageous marriage between Silvermoon Lunar Votaress and Nightwolf Alpha arranged to the sati of both packs. Eternal peace secured so long as marriage bond is fortified every third generation. Interbr will further temper the sanguine cacodemonology that infects the Nightwolf bloodline. Matrimonial amalgamation confers sovereignty to the Nightwolf Alpha bloodline that shall not be revoked so long as th union is intact.” 
It took me a moment to parse the archaic language. I hunted down a dictionary to look up a few of the words I wasn’t familiar with. 
If I was interpreting this correctly, it wasn’t just that the marriage formed an alliance between our two packs. It 
1/3 
Chapter 70 
+25 Bonus 
sounded like the children born from the union would have a degree of protection from the demonblood vulnerability that Gideon had displayed. 
I didn’t know much about how genetics were passed on in werewolf packs, but I knew that most packs had some sort of historian or librarian who carefully monitored who bred with whom, to prevent serious illness and defects. 
It was part of the reason why werewolves put so much stock in finding their ‘fated’ or ‘true’ mates. Many believed that our internal wolf-spirits carried subconscious knowledge of which pairings would make each bloodline stronger or weaker, and steered us to our mates accordingly. Otherwise, the inherent close-knit small communities of werewolves would be much more susceptible to inbreeding and madness. 
But there was more than that in this pact with Silvermoon. Not only did it temper demonblood tendencies, but it conveyed sovereignty, which meant that the legitimacy of the title of Alpha was tied to this marriage as well. 
So Gideon’s intention to marry me was strongly rooted in the fact that if he didn’t, he could lose his title of Alpha altogether. That explained why he was so adamant that the tradition needed to be honored at all costs, even when he himself had no interest in the marriage romantically or physically. 
That realization was like a blow to my gut. 
I had known that, to some extent, I was a trophy wife. I just hadn’t realized how immaterial my own happiness 
was. 
No wonder Gideon didn’t care how I felt about marrying him! 
He would be happy with basically anyone, so long as it meant he was secure as Alpha! 
I flopped back in the leather armchair and stared at the ceiling. I was so screwed. 
I looked up what votaress meant, and found that it was some sort of cult devotee. Was this an old fashioned term for a Moon Goddess worshipper? Or just someone who carried the Silvermoon bloodline? 
I knew that in my grandmother’s generation, there had been a Moon Goddess high priestess who had helped to lead Silvermoon pack in traditional rites, but the practice had died out when she did, and she’d had no apprentice to take up the mantle. 
In my generation, most people viewed the legends of the Moon Goddess as old-fashioned religious nonsense. They went about their lives, maybe occasionally making an offering here and there on special occasions, but most people didn’t really believe in her. 
But I knew she was real. 
At least… I had seen her in my dreams. 
I didn’t know yet why she had touched my life, and the thought scared the bejeezus out of me. It was one 
to offer some moonwater to a goddess shrine at the Full Moon to ask for a blessing. It was another thing en to feel like she was taking a personal interest in your life. 
I had found the information I’d been looking for, but it hadn’t helped me with my argument with Gideon in the slightest. If anything, it had only confirmed why he would resolutely continue to follow tradition. Intermarriage was the best hope he had for bearing children that didn’t carry the demonblood curse. 
2/3 
Chapter 70 
+25 Bonus 
But that would imply that he intended to have children with me. Was that part of his plan as well? 
I knew that he could easily overpower me if he wanted to. Would he try to force me to bear his children if I didn’t agree? 
I wouldn’t allow myself to become his captive breeder! 
I pulled out a sheet of letter paper and began drafting a letter to my mother, 
“Mom, 
I’ve been thinking about what you said. Tradition alone is not a good enough reason for me to marry the Nightwolf Alpha. I want to find a mate who wants me for me. I don’t know if I can find that here anymore. You of all people know how important it is to mate with someone who wants you for you. 
I don’t know where we can go, but I want to find a way for both of us to leave and start new somewhere else. Don’t tell anyone, but send me a note if you are willing to take that chance. 
Your daughter, 
Avery” 
I sealed the enveloped and walked slowly into town to mail it. Once it slipped into the mailbox I felt a wave of peace come over me. No matter what happened from here on out, my mother and I would create a plan to get away. Gideon wouldn’t be able to stop me. 
These Silvermoon women were done being used! 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 71
Chapter 71 
Zara’s POV 
I folded the letter with satisfaction and put it back in my pocket. 
So, not all was well in Avery’s little paradise. 
Good. 
If I had my way, she would never find peace. She had somehow, despite my best efforts, stolen Ryan’s heart, and for that, I would never forgive her. 
I couldn’t understand where I had gone wrong. In every way, I was better than Avery. I was younger, prettier, faster, and my wolf was strong, whereas hers was essentially nonexistent. I bore Ryan’s mating mark, and I had claimed him on the Full Mating Moon. 
By all accounts, he should be wrapped around my finger. 
And yet his conversation off the back porch echoed in my nightmares. Ryan and the Rogue King teaming up to get back the useless girl who was rumored to be the Moon Goddess Heir. 
I snorted. Like such a thing really existed. 
I had to admit, knowing that Ryan was this gullible made me respect him less. Ever since we had mated, I had started to realize just how little he actually did for the pack. 
But that didn’t matter, he had me now. 
I would whip him into shape as the Alpha I knew he could be. 
While I hated that Avery was the focus of their schemes, I admitted that a part of me delighted in the idea of going on the offensive against Nightwolf. It would show their prick of an Alpha right for treating us like dirt. 
But before they enacted that plan, I had a scheme of my own. 
Because Zara Silvermoon always ended up on the winning team. 
I finished putting on my makeup and looked at myself in the mirror. Slinky, draped fabric skimmed over my breasts and tightened around my hips to show off my curves. My hair was loose and curled, and delicate heeled sandals graced my feet. 
I flipped up the visor mirror, opened the car door, and stepped out into Nightwolf territory. 
The Nightwolf Alpha had his offices on the second floor of their pack house, I knew. My heels clacked a tiled foyer and up the wooden staircase. No one spotted me. 
The door to the Alpha’s office was open. Warm light spilled out onto the flagstone hallway. 
“Enter” the Alpha snapped as I stepped into his doorway. If he was surprised to see me, he hid it well. 
“Alpha.” I purred, giving a sweet curtsy. 
“You.” He huffed out through his nose, “What do you want?” 
1/2 
Chapter 71 
+25 Bonus 
“I have a proposal for you.” I gave my best winning smile and stepped closer to his desk. The chair in front of him held his coat and bag, and I moved them out of my way to sit. 
“I’m still dealing with the consequences of your last proposal.” Alpha Gideon’s face was shadowed by the shade of his desk lamp, but I could see the gleam of his eyes in the darkness. 
“Trust me, I am too.” I said with a labored sigh. “But I am here to offer a way for both of us to resolve our issues.” 
Gideon gestured with an open sweep of his hand, encouraging me to go on. 
“You must know that Alpha Ryan wants your Luna,” I said matter-of-factly. 
“Does he now…” Gideon said blandly. 
“I came to warn you that he intends to try and steal Avery away from you.” I leaned forward, watching for his reaction. If he was surprised, he didn’t show it. 
“And you’re here to beg me not to let her go, in hopes that your faithless husband and alpha will remember his vows and return to your bed?” Gideon asked. 
My eyes flashed at his presumption. “First off, Ryan has never left my bed. Secondly, on the contrary. I want you to let him.” 
Gideon’s body stilled. “You want me to let your Alpha steal my Luna? Why would I do that?” 
“Because I know what you want.” Now was my chance to press my case. I rose from the chair and crossed around the desk to stare down at Gideon who swiveled in his chair to watch me. I made sure to let my hips sway as I approached. 
I placed my hands on the arms of his chair and leaned down to look in his face, which, coincidentally, gave him a great look down my dress. 
Comments 
Support 
Share
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 72
Chapter 72 
“I know that Avery doesn’t want to stay here with you.” His eyes flickered, but he didn’t deny it. “And I know that you need a Silvermoon bride to keep tradition. Let her go, and I will stay as your Luna. You gain a willing bride, and Avery is out of your hair.” 
Silence stretched as my proposal sank in. I watched a muscle in his cheek jump. 
“And you…” Gideon said finally, “Will fulfill my every need?” 
“Of course.” I purred, pleased that he was considering. “You would be my Alpha. There would be nothing I could deny you.” 
“I have a few demands.” Gideon’s fingers flickered as the fabric of my dress brushed against his knuckles. Absentmindedly, he touched the fringe of the fabric, rubbing it between the pads of his fingertips as he talked. 
“Anything.” I breathed. I had to admit, being this close to a true Alpha in his prime made my body respond in ways I wasn’t prepared for. Being with Ryan was nothing compared to the potency that flowed off of Gideon. His tall, muscled body was built for violence and pleasure. 
“My bride must be of the Silvermoon bloodline.” 
“Avery and I are half-siblings.” I pointed out, “We share the same blood.” 
“My bride must be capable of running the pack in the event of my absence.” 
I just tapped his chair, waiting for a real challenge. Who did he think had been running Silvermoon while Ryan had spent his time nursing six-packs of beer on the porch? 
“She must be capable and willing to bear me an heir.” 
I nodded, biting my lip. I admit, I was a bit turned on. The thought of bearing Gideon’s children, of being bred to him, was stirring. 
“She must be capable of bearing my mark, renouncing any previous marks or claims any other may hold on her.” Gideon intoned. 
“Mark me as you wish.” I said breathily. 
“And finally, and most importantly.” Gideon rose to his feet, and I found myself staring up at him from below his collarbone. Had he always been this tall? Even in my high heels, I felt tiny next to him. 
“Yes?” I swallowed. 
“She needs to not be a cruel, self-centered, selfish, bitch who is only out for her own gain and doesn’t care who she stomps on.” A harsh smirk stole over Gideon’s features as I flinched back. 
I stepped backwards and shook my hair over my shoulder with a haughty flip. 
“Touché.” I seethed through gritted teeth. “I don’t suppose you have any flexibility on that last point?” 
Gideon stepped close and leaned down to whisper in my ear. His breath raised goosebumps on my skin. 
“None.” 
1/2 
Chapter 72 
+25 Bonus 
He straightened and met my furious gaze with his icy one. 
“Now, I must ask you to leave, before my bride finds you here and destroys you.” 
“Ha.” I laughed at that, “Avery doesn’t have it in her.” 
“You’d be surprised.” Gideon said mildly, sitting back down in his chair. “I know I constantly am.” 
That comment stopped me in my tracks. Could this bastard actually be interested in Avery? I had been under the impression that theirs was entirely a marriage of convenience. 
Why would anyone actually be interested in her? I just didn’t understand these men and their attraction to useless, broken things. 
“Then, since you are rejecting my proposal, heed this warning, Gideon Nightwolf. Silvermoon has more allies than you know of, and they are all coming for your throat.” 
He flashed his incisors at me, “Making threats at me on my own territory isn’t wise, little she-wolf.” 
The menace that oozed into the room as he said that made my skin clammy. 
Gideon turned in his chair to stare out the window into the fallen night. 
“Not a threat, just… let’s call it an oracle of things to come.” I gave a tight smile at his broad back, “One day, when you least expect it, you will find the thing you value most has been taken from you, and you’ll know who took it.” 
And, with that, I turned and left. 
Oh, and I took his jacket with me. That wasn’t part of the threat, but his comments about Avery had given me an idea. 
I just needed to go to my car for some perfume… 
2/2 
Chapter 73 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 73
Chapter 73 
+25 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
I stared in disbelief at the jacket tossed on my bed. It was clearly Gideon’s, but the room reeked of a familiar perfume, and the note that had been sitting on top of the leather left no room for guesswork. 
“Dear Avery, 
Oops, I did it again. 
Guess you just can’t keep a man to save your life. Are you even trying? Your Alpha was practically begging for me after having to deal with you for a few weeks. I just had to let him get a taste. He was soooo thirsty. 
I guess Nightwolf pack might get a new Silvermoon Luna after all. 
I would be gone before that happens, if I were you. 
Xoxo 
Zara” 
What did this mean? Had Zara slept with Gideon? 
I couldn’t believe it, but here was his jacket, saturated with her perfume. 
Panic pounded in my ears. The room swam around me. My thoughts were scattered as my eyes scanned the note over and over again. 
I wanted to believe that this couldn’t happen again, that I was safe here. But it was becoming obvious that I would never be safe so long as Zara knew where I was. Even if she was lying, she was devious and persistent, and it was only a matter of time before she did manage to ruin my life again. 
And why wouldn’t Gideon consider her as his Luna instead? She had all the same advantages I had to fulfill his traditional requirements. She would probably be happy to do it, whether he had a true mate out there or not! 
Zara had never let being a homewrecker stop her yet. 
I supposed it was admirable, in a fucked up way. She went after whatever she wanted with all she had. And here I was, trying to play it safe in the middle. 
Would I ever just choose for my own happiness and stop trying to please people who kept hurting me? 
The thought cut me to my core. I had wanted to believe, after seeing how he ran his pack, that Gideon was some rare sort of honorable Alpha. 
But he wasn’t. 
He was just doing what he needed to do, and he didn’t care if my life was destroyed in the process either. 
Hot tears spilled from my eyes and I wiped them on the back of my hand angrily. 
“Congratulations, Zara. You got in my head.” I whispered, dropping the note on the floor and going to my closet. 
1/3 
Chapter 73 
+25 Bonus 
I pulled out a duffel bag and starting throwing the few things I cared about taking with me into it. I couldn’t stay here any longer. I was just a bird in a cage. 
I scribbled a note to my mother, telling her where I was going. I would swing into town and mail it, then stop by the kitchens and see if I could secretly pack some travel supplies. 
I was sad to be leaving. There were people here, like Anna and Madelyn, that I would miss. I would have to leave my herbal and apothecary books, but I’d been making some shorthand notes that would be just as useful and much more portable. 
I headed for my still room to grab some of the simple medicinal potions I had been working on. As I got to the bottom of the stairs I heard Gideon coming out of his office above me and I quickly scurried out of his line of sight. 
I didn’t want to see him. 
Just thinking about him and Zara together made me feel nauseous. I didn’t want to look into his face and see there his betrayal, the way I had with Ryan. 
Or worse, his indifference. 
Tegan’s POV 
Following the Luna was ridiculously easy. It was obvious that she had no bush craft training, or any idea how to 
hide her trail. 
She marched resolutely down the forest path like she owned the place. 
I wondered where she was going at this time of night. The moon was just rising but it was already late in the night. 
I had been trailing her since she had snuck out the door of the pack house and right past where I was keeping 
watch. 
Gideon had told me to keep an eye on her. I guess she had been dodging him for two days, and he was sure she was up to something. 
Sure enough, she was. 
I just had no idea what. 
She had a duffel bag over one shoulder that bulged with… stuff. Clothes maybe? And my nose picked up the fragrance of food. A bit of roast chicken and cheese, perhaps. And herbs. 
Made me hungry. 
She was dressed for travel, in boots and sturdy clothing. Her hood was drawn up on her jacket which was convenient as it blocked her view of me in her periphery. 
I wondered if she knew that we had been going in circles. We’d passed this part of the trail at least twice. 
Finally, she struck off in a new direction and I kept pace a quarter of a mile behind her. Normally, tracking like this was a bit tricky, but she was noisy as she walked. 
2/3 
Chapter 73 
+25 Bonus 
And also her scent… There was just something very unique about the way the Luna smelled. I couldn’t describe it. It was like the scent of getting home and knowing that something good was cooking. It didn’t matter what it was; it was more like knowing that someone was there and looking out for you. 
I could see why Gideon kept sniffing the air every time we passed through a room she’d been in. 
Not for the first time, I wondered what it was like to find one’s mate. They said that when you did, the smell of them would be like your favorite dessert. That touching them was electrifying. 
I hadn’t felt that way about anyone, ever. There was one girl who maybe I got a bit flirty with sometimes, but that was it. 
Madelyn was super cute, but Jessica had made me promise not to spend time with her. I wasn’t sure exactly why, but my sister could be ultra demanding at times. 
Still, she always looked out for our family. If Jessica said to stay away, I stayed away. 
Sometimes I wished I weren’t such a beta. Even with my own sister, I did better at taking orders than giving them. It wasn’t that I was physically outmatched, I was almost as tall and strong as Gideon, which was why he entrusted me with some of his tasks. 
But I was less of a leader, more of a follower. 
Usually, it didn’t bother me, but following Avery, I did wonder what it would be like to be the Alpha and have someone like her as my Luna. 
Despite Jessica’s rants to the contrary, there was something special about her. I knew my sister had a streak of jealousy a mile wide, and it had only gotten worse once Gideon had ousted her from his side. 
Honestly, living with Jessica lately had been a bit of a nightmare. I wished she’d move on to some new hobby, or person, soon. If I had to listen to another rant about how she was going to… 
Suddenly, my ears pricked up. The sounds of the forest were continuing around us, but there had been a strange cadence to it for a half second that my intuition told me was strange. 
I paused for a whole second, then took off at a sprint towards Avery. 
Comments 
曲 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 74
Chapter 74 
Avery’s POV 
I stared at the empty clearing in confusion, then back at the note in my hand. Maybe I had messed up my directions? I was pretty sure this was the clearing where I had told my mother to meet me, but there was no one else here. 
I went towards a fallen stump and sat on it. Something crinkled and I stood back up. 
There was a note on the stump. A piece of white paper, somewhat crumpled from me sitting on it accidentally. 
It took me a moment to read it in the moonlight, but there was that now all-too-familiar handwriting again. I read, 
“Wow, I can’t believe you’d really trek all the way out here. What a pathetic idiot you are! Seriously, stop being so predictable and just die already. And stop sending sad letters to your mom, she can’t save you. 
Your move, bitch. 
Xoxo 
Zara 
P.S. If I were you, I’d run.” 
What the actual fuck? Zara had intercepted my mail? 
So… my mother wasn’t coming. She was never coming. 
I was still staring at the note in shock when I heard the sound of someone running towards me. My head snapped up and I saw a man barreling in my direction. 
I frowned in confusion. The last line of the note still floating through my brain. 
“Run… run… RUN!” My brain clicked into gear and I turned and took off. 
As I did, wolves burst from the woods around me. They snarled and snapped, leaping after me as I ran as hard as 
I could. 
I couldn’t shift to match their speed, and the tree branches grabbed at my skin and hair while they ran throug the underbrush easily. 
I felt their hot breath panting on my ankles and flung myself at a huge tree, putting my back to it and trying to kick away those slavering jaws. 
“Avery!” The man who had been running up behind the pack shouted at me. I snapped my head up to look at him. 
It was Tegan. Gideon’s Beta. 
“I can’t get to you!” He shouted, “I’m going to go get help!” 
“Wait!” I shrieked but he was already gone, dashing in the opposite direction. I heard a howl go up in the 
1/3 
Chapter 74 
+25 Bonus 
distance. 
I tried to scale the tree behind me but the lowest branches were far above my head. There was no escape here. 
I stood and faced the half dozen wolves that encircled me. 
“Well?” I yelled. “What are you waiting for?” 
They all lunged at once. 
Fur whirled and teeth snapped. I screamed and tried to divert the oncoming attacks. One wolf grabbed my boot and yanked me off balance, as another soared for where my throat had just been. 
They were really trying to kill me! 
I didn’t recognize these wolves. Were they rogues? Or were these people I had once known from Silvermoon? 
I kicked off my boot and rolled away under a bush, hoping the quick maneuver would confuse them for a second as they tried to figure out where I had gone. 
I crawled on my stomach through the brambles and out the other side. Behind me I heard a wolf whine as it tried to fit through the narrow space. 
On the other side I hauled myself to my feet and took off running again. It didn’t take the wolves long to catch up with me around the tree, but this time I leaped for another tree with lower branches and pulled myself up. 
At the base of the tree the wolves leaped and snarled, then transformed. 
I wasn’t sure if I should feel relieved that I didn’t recognize any of them. I was still in danger, but at least I knew I hadn’t been betrayed by my former pack… just my former family. 
“Come down, little girl.” a man’s voice called up to me. 
“Absolutely not.” I scoffed, pulling myself further up into the foliage. Truthfully, I was terrified. Could I really hold off these rogues until help arrived? 
“If you don’t come down, we’ll shoot you down.” The voice came again, along with a rattle of equipment. These are silver arrows.” 
(C 
“Did you save up your allowance to buy those?” I yelled down, while I tried to put more branches between me and them. I heard some scattered laughter below. 
Then with a loud thunk, an arrow embedded in the tree next to my bare foot. I shrieked and my foot slipped an fell. 
My hands scrambled to try and stop my descent, but I was moving too fast, my body rotating away from the 
trunk. 
I screamed as I fell, then hit the ground with a sickening crash. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 75
Chapter 75 
+25 Bonus 
For a moment all went black. My vision cut out and all the air was knocked out of me. The rogues had scattered 
but I heard the crunching of leaves as they moved towards me. 
away, 
Then I heard the primal roar of an Alpha wolf. 
“Get him!” Someone screamed. I heard the twang of the bow again, and then one more time. 
Then there was a lot of screaming. 
Then silence. 
Someone landed hard on the ground next to me. I groaned and tried to roll away. I blinked as my vision slowly cleared. 
I turned my head to look, and met the vacant stare of a dead man. 
One of the rogues, his throat ripped out. 
I rolled painfully to hands and knees and looked around. There were bodies scattered across the ground. Blood gleamed black in the moonlight. 
Someone was breathing heavily. I moved towards the sound. 
A massive wolf stood over the last stirring rogue, who breathed a final gasp as they bled out into the dirt. The wolf growled and shook his blood-stained muzzle, then leaned back and howled. 
It was a long, terrifying declaration of victory, and a warning. I didn’t need to be in wolf-form to understand the visceral threat and fury in that ancient sound. 
The wolf turned its golden gaze towards me. I realized with a start that I knew those eyes, those burning coals that bored straight through me into my soul. 
This was Gideon’s wolf. 
I gasped with relief and inhaled a breath that was half sob. I sank back to the forest floor and let the terror release from my body. 
Then I hauled myself to my feet and limped to the wolf. He watched me approach silently, but snapped at warning when I got close. 
“What’s wrong?” I whispered, confused. I looked around quickly, but I didn’t see any more rogues. 
So why wasn’t Gideon changing back? 
Then I saw it. 
The silver arrow protruding from the wolf’s leg. 
I gasped, remembering the sound of the bow being fired. 
“Oh shit.” I exhaled, falling to my knees in front of Gideon’s wolf. He huffed the air and made a low sound. 
1/2 
Chapter 75 
+25 Bonus 
“That’s gotta hurt like a bitch.” I said, my hands reaching out towards the arrow shaft. It was buried deep near his shoulder. I couldn’t even see the flared backward points at the base of the broadhead triangle. 
The wolf gave a warning growl as I touched his leg. I ignored him. 
“I know, it hurts.” I tried to ignore that my head was easily in range if he decided to pop it like a watermelon.” This is deep. Crap. I need to bind it.” 
Up close, I could see why Gideon wasn’t shifting back. An injury like this was in a tricky part of wolf anatomy that could become embedded more deeply into his human form if he transformed. 
While werewolf parts generally mapped to our human anatomy 1:1, that wasn’t universally true. An injury to a wolf’s ear, for example, might result in a nick to the human’s ear, but an injury to the tail might result in a cut hamstring. 
Some of my medical texts had discussed this dilemma. For an injury like this, in close proximity to the lungs and heart, it was too risky to shift. It might embed the arrowhead deeper into a vital organ, or someplace harder to reach, like behind a bone. 
If that happened, Gideon could bleed internally, and I would be unable to help. 
“You’re a wise wolf.” I told his wolf appreciatively. The wolf huffed. “Not that I thought you wouldn’t be!” I raised my hands away and backed up, looking him over for other injuries. 
“I don’t think you can walk on this.” I frowned. 
I rose to my feet. The wolf watched me stand, but as I moved away, he growled. 
“I’m just getting my bag!” I reassured. “I brought some healing supplies, and I have some tools…” 
I snatched my duffel from where I’d dropped it near the stump in the clearing. I also retrieved my missing boot, then I hurried back to Gideon’s side. 
Thankfully the wound wasn’t bleeding much. That was good. I needed to pull the arrowhead out though, so he could shift safely and access his healing powers more effectively. Werewolves healed fastest in their non- injured form. 
And we needed to get out of here. 
I pulled out a pair of pliers and a scalpel. 
“You’re going to need to hold still.” I told his wolf firmly, “And… please don’t eat me. This is going to hurt… 
And then I cut in. 
P 
曲 
Comm
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 76
Chapter 76 
+25 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
The minute the silver arrowhead pulled from the wolf’s flesh in the careful grip of my pliers, Gideon shifted. Fur and bone wavered in the nauseating, disconcerting fisheye lens of transformation, and then Gideon was crouched on the forest floor beside me. 
“Avery.” He said. 
He might have been greeting me as we passed in the street. His tone was deceptively calm. 
Then I saw the way his eyes were flashing. The wolf gold was still in them. His wolf was feeding him strength for healing. 
Silver was a powerful toxin for werewolves. It interrupted natural processes and inhibited healing. Even worse, in great enough quantities it could cut a human off from their magical side entirely, or sever the wolf from their soul. 
It was a cruel weapon, and a potent one for rogues to be carrying in these woods. 
“Your shoulder! I need to bind it.” I gulped as I noticed blood was now pouring from the wound near Gideon’s shoulder. As I had feared, the wound had traveled closer to the center of his body when he shifted. 
Now that the arrowhead was removed, black blood oozed from the wound flecked with silver. His body was trying to heal, but the alchemical weapon inhibited it. 
If the contamination was deep enough, the wound could even become infected. An Alpha male in his prime, like Gideon, healed incredibly quickly, but even against his potent magic, this was a serious wound. Most wolves would already have succumbed to the pain and blood loss. 
I pawed through my bag, pulling out crushed dried herbs and some of the healing salve I had made for Madelyn. That would do. 
I pulled out a spare nightgown I had packed and used my teeth to tear a notch in the hem and tore it to bandages. 
Through it all, Gideon just watched me. I noticed his eyes flicker over the contents of my bag, but I ignored his pointed stare. There would be time to talk about that later. 
For now, we needed to get Gideon to the point we could leave these cursed woods and get to somewhere more safe. If Zara knew where I was, she could send more wolves to intercept us. 
How had she even communicated with the rogues anyways? There were variables here I didn’t understand. I was still trying to wrap my head around the fact that my mother had probably never received any of my correspondence. 
When I approached with the bandages, Gideon mutely unbuttoned his shirt and shrugged out of it to give me access to his shoulder. 
I gulped as I brought up some of the spare linen to daub away the blackish blood. His muscles shifted distractingly under his skin. I hesitated, then placed my hand on his arm to hold him still while I pressed salve and herbs into his wound. 
1/2 
Chapter 76 
+25 Bonus 
One the wound was treated, I used the strips of fabric to bind a folded pad of cloth over his injury. It had slowed bleeding somewhat, but was still staining the makeshift bandages faster than I would like. 
I frowned at his shoulder, then shifted my gaze to Gideon’s face. 
He was staring at me. Studying me intently. I swallowed again, but met his gaze. 
“Hi.” I whispered. I didn’t know what else to say. 
His eyes were still disconcertingly shifting between stormy grey and wolfish gold in the moonlight, and they glowed with an eerie light as the magic in his blood worked overtime to try and heal him. 
“You left.” He growled. 
“I did.” I didn’t see any point in denying it. It was obvious from looking at my bag and how I was dressed. 
“You’ve been avoiding me.” It wasn’t a question. 
I just nodded. It was true. 
“Why?” The question came out forcefully and loud. I flinched at his vehemence. 
I didn’t answer. 
Gideon’s hand landed on mine and squeezed. It didn’t hurt, but it stilled my movements. His skin was feverish hot, like there was a furnace stoked inside of him. 
“WHY?” He asked again, gritting his teeth in pain. 
“You’re burning up.” I frowned, putting the back of my other hand on his cheek. “Silver fever.” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 77
Chapter 77 
+25 Bonus 
I tried to pull away from him to look for water in my pack, but he didn’t release me. Slowly, I turned back to meet that molten gaze. He was waiting for an answer. 
“I got some… distressing news.” I said, truthfully. 
“News? From where?” His eyebrows creased, like he was trying very hard to concentrate on my face. 
“It doesn’t matter.” I shrugged, “It was upsetting. I was upset.” 
“News about what?” He persisted. 
“About you. About us.” I gestured with my free hand. “I didn’t know what to believe.” 
Gideon clenched his jaw. 
“Ask me.” 
“What?” 
“Ask me about whatever distressed you.” 
“It’s not important.” I turned my face away, but he caught my chin and turned me back to face him. 
“Your actions say otherwise.” He ground out. “It was serious enough that you chose to run instead of talking to me. So what was it that scared you?” 
I stared, frozen, into his face. He looked so sincere when he said it, I almost wanted to believe him. He hadn’t lied to me, not yet. 
But I didn’t want him to start either. 
If I asked what I wanted to know, then I would have to accept his answer, or accept that I didn’t trust him. 
I sighed. 
“Did… did you… sleep with my sister?” I stammered, staring at the ground. 
There was a long period of silence. It stretched. 
Finally I raised my eyes to look back at Gideon. He was staring at me with a calm expression. His finger tra the tip of my chin. 
“No.” He said, firmly. “Nor would I.” 
“Oh.” Somehow, the truth sounded like truth when he said it. 
He ducked his head to look at me with a pointed look, “She did offer.” 
“Oh…” That did sting, and I found myself withdrawing into myself. I pulled my sleeves down over my hands and tucked my arms around my body. 
“She’s not what I want.” He said, then winced. 
1/2 
Chapter 77 
+25 Bonus 
“Gideon!” I looked at his shoulder and saw the thick blood starting to drip down his wound. “Oh fuck.” 
“Your bedside manner…” He ground out through gritted teeth, “needs some work.” 
I barked a laugh but inside I was panicking. I scrambled over through my bag and started going through what I had brought. The medicinal supplies I had all seemed horribly inadequate for this sort of injury. 
Around us, a thick mist was starting to roll through the trees, making the world hazy and indistinct. In this sort of condition, we could easily get lost trying to leave the woods. And it would make it difficult for any rescuers that Tegan brought to find us. 
“Please Goddess,” I muttered, “Please help.” It was more of an indistinct prayer than a dedicated request, but Gideon’s head shot up. 
“What did you say?” 
“Just… Please, Goddess.” I repeated, and as I said her name, a beam of moonlight fell through the trees and brushed over Gideon’s wound. 
We both gaped at the silver light as it illuminated the silver flecks embedded in his blood as it flowed forth. 
“Say it again.” Gideon breathed softly. Then, “Avery, your hands.” 
I looked down at my hands and saw that the same silver moonlight was glowing from my palms. I’d never seen anything like it. I met Gideon’s gaze incredulously. 
The light felt warm, and soft. It was hard to explain, but the light felt tangible, like something I could bend and 
move. 
On instinct, I moved closer to Gideon and pressed my hands over his wound. Instantly, the light intensified and where the moonbeam landed on my skin and his, magic swirled like light reflected off a pool of water. 
“That feels…” Gideon sighed, “Whatever you’re doing is helping.” 
I bit my lip and tried to concentrate. The light was like silk, slippery but strong. I tried to channel it into his 
wounds, trying not to think too hard about how weird all of this was. 
I was using moonlight to heal him. 
And it was working. 
P 
仙 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 78
Chapter 78 
Gideon’s POV 
The pain was incredible. 
Wounds were a familiar part of my life. You don’t get to be werewolf Alpha without many battles. This wasn’t even the worst wound I’d received. I had scars all over my body from injuries that were more mortal than this. 
This was one of the few times that I had been injured with silver, however, and the way it set every part of me on fire was heart-stopping. 
I could feel the poison advancing through my system, creeping towards my heart. I hoped that my magical healing could stop it before it killed me, but there was a terrifying doubt in the back of my mind that there would be enough time. 
Of course, I couldn’t say any of this in front of Avery. I didn’t want to scare her. She was terrified enough. 
The way her eyes had looked at me when she was working up the courage to ask her question… She had looked haunted. Like she was steeling herself for more bad news. 
It was clear that she had thought that I had slept with Zara. Certainly, her vampish half-sister had tried to tease me into shifting my loyalty. Unfortunately for Zara, I wasn’t easily shifted. 
The increased pressure from Silvermoon was unprecedented. For generations they had been one of our strongest allies. When they had given Avery to me for my bride, they hadn’t seemed to care much about giving her up. It had been downright insulting the way they had acted like she was trash they were foisting onto me. 
But clearly, Ryan, the Silvermoon Alpha, had some lingering feelings. He kept trying to lure Avery back. In the face of his inconstancy, Zara had felt her own position threatened, and she had thought to seduce me to secure a better position in Nightwolf. 
I couldn’t understand that way of thinking, but I could see the path that had led them to their choices. 
Avery was who I didn’t understand. 
In some ways, knowing that she had tried to run away from me was a relief. She had acted in a manner that was predictable. I had left her few outlets for escape, so I suppose I wasn’t that surprised when she’d finally taken one. It was why I had asked Tegan to follow her. 
Where was my Beta, anyway? I hadn’t seen any sign of him in the struggle. I had come when I’d heard a how but it was possible he had fled back to Nightwolf to try and find me. 
Now that this mist had rolled in, that would be very difficult. We would have to wait until it cleared to head b to the pack. 
Of course, I would be hauling Avery back with me. Her attempts at independence, while admirable, would not do. I needed her for my bride, and that was that. 
But the torment she continued to receive from her former pack was provoking. Not just for her, but for me. It stirred dissension and threatened the careful peace I had spent my life guarding. 
Here in the northern wilds, unnecessarily weakening a pack in any manner was treasonous. Resources were 
1/2 
Chapter 78 
+25 Bonus 
scarce, and our communities were our survival. Silvermoon was suicidal to keep threatening the status quo, especially with the rising rogue threat. 
My thoughts were derailed by another sharp pain. I could feel the volume of blood increasing as it poured out of me. Avery was doing her best, but the silver was accelerating the deterioration of the wound. 
“Please, Goddess” she whispered, and something warm and lovely bloomed in the middle of the pain. 
I snapped my head up to look at her. 
“Say it again.” I prompted. Her hands started to glow with moonlight. I had never seen anything like it. It was like she was gilded in silver. 
“Avery, your hands.” 
Moonlight coursed down from the celestial sky, cutting through the mist and brushing over my shoulder. The relief was immediate. 
If you’ve ever been in constant pain that suddenly shut off, you understand what I mean. The absence of it took my breath away. 
Avery crawled towards me, pressing her hands softly to my shoulder. Soft warmth spread through that side of my body. Instead of stabbing torment, now I could feel my healing accelerating. The tide of the silver fever was turning. 
2/2 
Chapter 79 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 79
Chapter 79 
Sweat broke out on my brow from the sudden fever break. Somewhere in my soul, my wolf was making a low, growling purr of approval. 
The amplitude of the magic swirling around us increased suddenly. The magic flowing through my blood was singing, a crystalline hum, but there were other notes within it. I could feel the low rumbling vibration of my wolf’s magic, and the soft, sweet harmony of Avery’s power. 
And then within her power, a reverberation of my own, echoing back. No… emanating from her? 
I tried to concentrate on the strange feelings my wolf was picking up. It felt like there was a part of me inside her. That was strange. Perhaps some of my blood on her hands? 
“Why am I inside of you?” I asked. Avery shot me a strange look. 
“My magic.” I repeated, “Your magic and mine are mingled.” 
She shook her head in confusion, “I don’t really know how any of this works,” she admitted, “All of the books I’ve found on werewolf healing are somewhat vague on the specifics. I don’t even know how I’m doing this!” 
I had a suspicion. I had read more of the old bloodline records than she had, looking for cures for my demonblood. Over and over, references to the Moon Goddess were peppered throughout Silvermoon Pack’s history. 
This was living proof that the Goddess’ blessing still flowed through Avery’s lineage. No wonder Silvermoon wanted her back! She was valuable beyond their estimation. 
The glow around her hands was subsiding. Some of the ache was flooding back into me, however the advance of the silver was slowed and retreating. She had given my own magic the time and strength it needed to take over. 
She pulled her hands away from my shoulder, but I reached out and grabbed them in mine. If she really had access to the Moon Goddess’ blessing, then it was all the more essential that she not abandon Nightwolf. I would do whatever I needed to do to keep her here. 
“You must stay.” I said, forcefully. I stared into her eyes, trying to convey how important it was that she remain. 
“Gideon…” She said softly. Her eyes were huge and dark, vulnerable. 
“You are essential to Nightwolf’s survival. We need you. I need you.” I squeezed her hands, perhaps a bit harder than I intended, because she winced. 
“I understand that a Silvermoon bride is important…” She said softly, “But I don’t think I’m the right person for the job.” 
I couldn’t think of anyone better for the job. She was everything we needed. Everything I needed. The pain was fraying the edges of my nerves now, and I could feel my energy depleting as my stores were directed into healing. 
“You must stay.” I growled through the pain. It was so important that she realize that she couldn’t leave. “I cannot allow you to leave.” 
“We must break our engagement!” She protested. “Surely you don’t think we can effectively be Alpha and Luna 
1/2 
Chapter 79 
+25 Bonus 
without being mates?” 
“We can. We will. We must.” There was no other way forward. “I will allow no divorce. No nullification of our engagement. If you run again, I will find you. Make your peace with that.” 
Her face was stricken, her hands still in mine. I could tell that she didn’t understand how vital she was. No one I had ever met could do what she had just done. Healing with moonlight was only the beginning, if even half the legends were correct. 
She tried changing tactics, rubbing her fingers against mine. 
“How do you see this working, then?” She pleaded, “Am I to be your prisoner forever?” 
The fever was coming back. I needed to lay down and heal. 
I leaned forward, until my forehead was pressing against hers. I could feel the flutter of her breath on my mouth. 
“Not my prisoner.” 
“My Luna.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 80
Chapter 80 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon’s eyes were closed as he leaned his forehead against mine. I could see the crease between his brows furrow as pain washed over him. Thankfully, the blood flow had almost stopped, and soon the worst of the healing would be over. 
His fever had returned. I could feel the heat of him against my skin. He would need to rest, and he would be hungry when he awoke. 
Exasperatingly, he seemed to have no intention of allowing me to continue my journey. I should have known he would stop me. I guess it was good he’d shown up when he did, or I’d be mincemeat in some rogue’s jaws right 
now. 
“My Luna.” Something about how he said those words had touched me in my core. As frustrating as his repeated denials of a separation were, he had said those words with such fervor. As though I truly was important to him. 
I couldn’t imagine why he would choose me, while rejecting Zara. She was more powerful, more desirable in every way. She had a wolf that could manifest. I had no claim to his loyalty. 
Yet here he was, protecting me once again. It made me want to do the same for him. 
Tendrils of mist crept across the floor of the glade. The temperature was dropping, and it threatened to be a rainy, cold night. We needed to shelter here and let Gideon heal to safely make the trek back to Nightwolf. 
Quickly I rose and gathered up pine boughs to create a roof over the fallen log we were leaning against. I would have loved to build a fire, but with rogues in these woods, it would be a beacon straight to our location. 
As it was, the bodies of the fallen wolves would send a blood signal to their comrades. We just had to hope to get out of here before they found us. 
Occasionally the fog parted and moonlight streamed down upon us. Remembering the way it had felt in my hands was surreal. 
Experimentally, I wiggled my fingers in the moonlight, but the sensation of being able to manipulate the light did not return. 
Was it the invocation then, that had allowed me to access that power? A blessing from the Goddess who had once appeared in my dreams? 
The stories my mother had told me of the old Moon Goddess Priestess hadn’t mentioned anything like that power. She mostly had told me about long holiday rituals and revels that brought the pack together. 
Silvermoon might have a more extensive healing library, however. If I was going to continue to be stuck with Nightwolf pack, perhaps I could try and sneak over there and take a look at their old records. 
“Avery.” I jumped when Gideon said my name. I almost dropped the bundle of moss I had been gathering to insulate us from the cold earth. 
I spun around and headed back towards where he leaned against the fallen tree. When I got to him, I realized his eyes were closed. 
1/2 
Chapter 80 
+25 Bonus 
“Avery.” he said again, but it was more of a murmur. 
Was he… talking in his sleep? 
I knelt next to him and put the back of my hand on his forehead. He was burning up. The fever would need to run its course while he healed. All I could do is try and make him comfortable. 
A cold rain started to fall. I tucked my legs up to my chest and huddled next to Gideon while he slept. The branches I’d put over us deflected most of the water, but it was still damp and cold. In comparison, the heat emanating from Gideon’s body was like a small furnace. 
I couldn’t help myself, I leaned into his warmth, tucking myself against his side. He was asleep, he wouldn’t know. I burrowed closer and sighed as the warm strength of him soothed my sore body. 
After a while, my foot started to go to sleep, so I shifted positions. When I did, Gideon made a small sound of disapproval. It sounded so much like his wolf that I froze for a moment before realizing he was still sleeping. 
“I’m just getting more comfortable,” I whispered to the darkness, to him, to his wolf, to whoever was listening. I lifted myself up and turned around. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 81
Chapter 81 
One of Gideon’s hands reached out and fell on my thigh. He curled his fingers, bunching them in my clothes, and pulled me closer. 
“Hey!” I yelped, but his eyes stayed closed, even as he hauled me into his lap. 
Well, now what was I going to do? 
With a contented sound, Gideon wrapped his arms around me, and his breathing deepened again. I was stuck sitting in his lap. 
From where I was tucked against his chest, I could hear his breathing. Slow and steady. That was good. 
I twisted my head to look at the bandages on his shoulder, and I pushed them to the side to check his healing. There was no more blood and the edges of the wound were fresh pink skin. Within a few days he would be fully healed, with minimal scarring. 
“Thank you, Goddess,” I said with genuine feeling. I may not appreciate the way Gideon had me trapped, both socially and physically, but I didn’t want anything bad to happen to him either. I just… 
I just wanted to know that I had a future here, with him. I was learning how to be a good Luna, but what did any of that matter if he didn’t want to spend his life with me? 
“Who closed off your heart?” I whispered to his sleeping face. He didn’t respond. 
I raised my hand and gently traced the line of his jaw, feeling the scratchy stubble on his cheeks where he 
needed to shave. 
“The stupid thing is, a part of me is happy to be stuck with you,” I confessed to the sleeping Alpha. “Even when you drive me crazy. Even when everyone seems to be trying to ruin our lives, being with you somehow always feels right.” 
Gideon frowned in his sleep and made an indecipherable noise. That tracked, he always had to have the last 
word. 
“You want to keep me, but can you protect me from yourself?” I whispered. “Would you keep me in a cage, even if it meant both of us are miserable?” 
His sleeping face was so beautiful. Sharp cheekbones, full mouth, wicked eyebrows. 
The Moon Goddess had given me her blessing to heal him. Surely that meant she thought he was worthy of… something… 
I just… I wanted to feel him. To imagine what it would be like to actually be his beloved Luna. The way he had said it, like he would do anything to keep me to himself. 
Moving slowly, I leaned forward and gently kissed his lips. They were firm and searing hot beneath mine. 
Gideon made a small noise but didn’t wake. 
I pulled away after a moment and snuggled back into his chest and waited for sunrise. 
A bit before dawn the rain stopped and the mist cleared. I slowly disentangled myself from Gideon whose fever 
1/2 
Chapter 81 
+25 Bonus 
had broken in the night. I stepped out from our shelter and stretched muscles that had cramped up from lying in one position on his lap. 
“Don’t leave.” Gideon’s voice was hoarse with sleep. 
I turned to look at him in surprise. His eyes were open and clear, no more wolf-gold. 
“Promise not to leave before the wedding.” Gideon demanded suddenly. 
I stared at him for a long moment. 
“Promise to bring my mother over to Nightwolf.” I requested. If Zara had been intercepting my letters then my mother was in more danger than I’d thought. If he could do that, I could stay until the wedding at least. 
“Deal.” Gideon agreed, rising to his feet as though he had never been injured at all. He flexed his shoulders experimentally, then shrugged back into his shirt. He seemed completely healed. Incredible. 
I looked at him curiously, unsure how much, if any, of the previous night he remembered, but if he knew that we’d spent the night cuddled up like lovers, or that I’d kissed him, he gave no indication. 
“Let’s head back.” He gestured for me to gather my stuff and head out, “We have a wedding to plan.” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 82
Chapter 82 
Avery’s POV 
It seemed so quiet and strange when we returned to Nightwolf. Tegan intercepted Gideon at the gates, and they talked quietly for a while, but no one else reacted to us returning. 
It was as though no one else had even known it had happened. 
It occurred to me then that Gideon and his warriors had really insulated his pack from what was going on in the woods around them. He didn’t want anyone to know we had left, or been attacked. Knowing him, he wouldn’t even tell his Beta that he was injured. 
“Avery.” Gideon strode over to me. “I’m going-” 
“To work in your office. Yeah, I figured.” I sighed. 
I expected Gideon to look annoyed but he seemed more amused. “Tired of the routine already?” 
“No, it’s not that.” I actually had enjoyed the days I’d spent as his assistant, before I’d made excuses and disappeared to plan my escape. “I just… don’t know anything about planning weddings.” 
Gideon raised an eyebrow at that. “If you’re asking my opinion…” 
“I’m not sure I am…” I quipped. 
“…simple is usually best. Fewer things to go wrong.” He finished anyways, with a serious expression. 
There was a strong implication that I was the person who would make things go wrong. 
And he wasn’t incorrect. I was the person most likely to sabotage this union. 
“I will send you with warriors to retrieve your mother today.” Gideon continued. 
“Thank you.” I murmured, sincerely. Knowing that she was safe would go a long way towards making me feel better about staying. 
And who knows, perhaps there was yet a chance for me to win Gideon’s heart. If he hadn’t been tempted by Zara, he was a better man than I had assumed. Perhaps there was something we could build between us yet. 
The whole car ride to my mother’s place, I thought about that feeling. If I was in Gideon’s shoes, would I do things differently? 
I could see how passionate he was for his pack. He took his role as Alpha seriously, and Nightwolf prospered as a result. I could understand that commitment and passion. I had felt it myself in trying to do things that would benefit the pack, like my garden. 
And if I knew I had a mate out there… somewhere? Would I wait for them? 
In a way… I did. 
I touched one hand to my neck where the hidden mark lurked under my skin. I hadn’t asked for this mark. The man who had given it hadn’t bothered to ask for my consent, but in the heat of that moment, I could understand why he had done it. 
1/2 
Chapter 82 
+25 Bonus 
Perhaps it was similar for Gideon. This mate he had, maybe it just felt right with her. I couldn’t fault him for that. If my rogue mystery mate popped back out of the forest and said “Avery, come with me!” it would be very difficult to resist. 
I stepped out of the car into the woods and headed down the path to my mother’s cabin. She might not like being moved suddenly, but I hoped she would understand why we were leaving this way. Once I explained about how Zara had laid that trap for me, I knew she would understand. 
I pushed aside the curtain into her living space and called out, “Mom?” 
There was only silence. The room was empty. 
Not just empty of her. Empty of her things as well. 
I stopped in the middle of the room, spinning slowly. She was gone. But where? 
“Avery?” A soft voice called from the woods outside. I stepped back into the sunshine and saw Lillian walking towards me from the woods. 
She was my only friend remaining in Silvermoon, and the main connection I’d had to my mother in the years that my father had forbidden me to see her. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 83
Chapter 83 
“Lillian!” I waved at Tegan and the warriors he’d brought to stand down, and rushed to meet her. “Where has she gone?” 
She gave me a tight hug. 
“We’ve been so worried about you.” She said with feeling into my shoulder as we embraced, “Zara and your step -mother kept bringing her news that you were being abused in Nightwolf. I told her that Zara lies, but she couldn’t get their words out of her head.” 
She sniffled and wiped a tear from her eye, “She just kept saying that she had to go see someone to make it right. That she was going to find a way to free you.” 
“Oh Lillian.” I stared at her in consternation, “I’m fine in Nightwolf. They don’t treat me badly. Gideon and I are just… still getting to know each other.” 
She brightened up at that, “I was hoping that was the case. I know that you’ll put up with pretty much anything for your family though, and your mother… well she still believes in hierarchy. If the Luna told her something, she took it more to heart than she should.” 
I could believe that. For all that this pack had done to her, my mother had never truly contemplated leaving before. 
But where would she have gone? 
I asked Lillian and she pulled out a tattered piece of paper, “She said, if you came looking for her, to give you this'” 
I studied the paper, it was a crudely drawn map. I didn’t recognize it. 
“Did she say what was there?” I pointed at where a location on the map had been circled, somewhere deep in t forests to the north. 
“She said there was someone who had helped her before. Forgive me, Avery, but she said it was someone who had helped her with you. I don’t know what she meant by that.” 
I frowned and bit my lip. 
“If she comes back, I need you to tell her that we came for her, and send me word immediately. Zara can’t be trusted. She’s tried to harm me and intercepted my letters.” 
Lillian nodded, she was all to familiar with the ways Zara had tried to make my life miserable. 
“She’s worse than ever, Avery. I thought she would be happier after she married Ryan, but something is wrong between them and she’s furious about it. She takes it out on everyone else.” 
That was interesting. Zara had always become more vicious when she felt like she was the victim, but what was Ryan doing that would make her act that way? She must have found out about the ways he’d approached me. 
I, myself had been shocked and dismayed by his weakness of character. He was a long ways from the earnest, sweet intentioned boy I had originally fallen in love with as a teenager. Perhaps Zara was also finding that she didn’t appreciate the person she’d tied herself to. 
1/2 
Chapter 83 
+25 Bonus 
I said my farewell and climbed back into the car. When Tegan started to drive back towards Nightwolf, I instead directed him North. We would find out what was at this mysterious location on my mother’s map. 
The location was deep within the woods. As we drove, the trees seemed to close in around us, blocking out the sun. It felt like driving into a cave. 
After a time, the car slowed to a crawl. 
“Are we there?” I asked? 
No response. 
“Tegan?” I looked into the front seat where Tegan and another warrior both sat silently. Their faces were still and frozen. The car rolled to a stop. 
I opened the door, concerned for the others. Behind me, the second car was also stopped, but no one was moving. 
The wind picked up, swirling leaves around me in the air. 
“So you’re Avery.” A voice said from behind me. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 84
Chapter 84 
Avery’s POV 
“So you’re Avery.” 
I turned to see a wizened old woman watching me from the edge of the woods. 
“I am. Who are you?” 
She just gestured for me to follow and turned to head through the woods. 
“What did you do to them?” I asked, but she just kept walking. After a moment, I scurried after her. 
The leaves crunched underfoot as we followed a winding trail through the forest that opened into a broad meadow. At the far end, there was a rather large country cottage. 
This must be what my mother had circled on the map. 
“Oh nothing, really.” The woman said. She moved very spiritedly for someone her age. “They will wake up once you return.” 
“So, you’re saying I’ll be able to return.” I said drily. 
“Oh of course. I’m not going to eat you.” The woman sniffed as we trekked across the tilled field. “I’m not hungry.” 
Well that was reassuring. 
“I take it you know my mother.” I said as she marched up to the door of the cottage and scraped the mud off her boots on the boot scraper next to the door. 
“Oh yes.” She opened the door and waved me in. “I’ve known your mother since before you were born.” 
“So, who are you?” 
“You can call me Sofia.” The old woman said, showing me back to her kitchen where a wooden table sat next to casement windows with cheery half-curtains. 
“Well, Sofia.” I paused, not sitting quite yet, “Why did my mother direct me to you? And is she here?” 
“I haven’t seen your mother in years, but I’m not surprised she sent you to me.” Sofia bustled around her kitchen, putting a kettle on for tea. “Lots of women come to me.” 
“Are you some sort of doctor?” 
“You could say that… I help people with problems. Sometimes the problems are in their body, sometimes they’re in their souls, and sometimes they’re not inside of them at all. So which are you?” She peered at me over a pair of half-moon spectacles she’d scooped off the counter. 
“Well…” I hesitated, but something about Sofia’s manner made me feel like I could tell her anything, “I need to get out of an arranged marriage.” 
“Your mother arranged a marriage for you?” Sofia looked shocked. 
1/2 
Chapter 84 
+25 Bonus 
“Well, not exactly. My father was threatening to kill me, unless I married someone. My half-sister offered me to this Alpha of another pack… And I kind of had to do it.” 
Sofia whistled softly, “Well, I remember your mother telling me about your father long ago. I admit, I’m not surprised to hear he’s still a troubled man.” 
That was putting it lightly. 
“So now you’re stuck with this Alpha…?” 
“Gideon.” 
“Alpha Gideon.” Sofia nodded, “And you want out.” 
“Yes, but I made a promise not to escape until after the wedding. I need to find a safe place for my mother before 
then.” 
“Well, if your mother shows up here, I can certainly give her a place to stay. I can help you with your problem as well.” 
“You can?” I gaped at her. “You make it sound so easy!” 
“Not exactly.” Sofia shook her head, sitting down opposite me at the table with her cup of tea and one for me. She pulled a plate of cookies into the middle between us and gestured for me to help myself. 
“I would make a deal with you. That’s what I do, I make deals.” 
“What… sort of deal?” 
She paused before answering, chewing slowly. “You have magic inside you, girl. I can teach you how to use it, if you agree to stay as my apprentice.” 
I stared at her, amazed. “What… are you?” 
She just smiled at me. “I’m a teacher, if you need one.” 
Her offer was tempting. An opportunity to get away from Gideon, and to come here, to this cozy cottage and learn magic. But I couldn’t help but feel like there was something more to it than that. 
“What aren’t you saying?” I asked, “What’s the catch?” 
Sofia smiled tightly, “That I can’t tell you, until you make your choice. Stay with me and I will handle your Alpha. Or return and see where the path you’ve chosen takes you.’ 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 85
Chapter 85 
I stared into my mug of tea. Gideon’s face kept swimming before me. The intensity of his gaze when he said that he would never let me leave. He needed me. 
“Surely a big strong wolf like Alpha Gideon doesn’t need to imprison a lovely young woman like you just to run his pack?” Sofia seemed to be reading my thoughts. 
“I don’t know why he needs me.” I admitted, “Other than to fulfill some old tradition or something.” 
“Ah.” Sofia rose from the table and went into the other room, “Follow me.” 
I rose and joined her in the next room, which was packed floor to ceiling with shelves of books. 
“I hate to see you stuck between your word and your destiny.” She said, cryptically, placing a few musty- smelling books in my arms. “Let’s postpone your decision until you’re more sure of your own mind, shall we? Take these, look them over. They will help you understand more of how to use your magic.” 
I looked at the titles of the books curiously. ‘Under a Full Moon’, ‘Selene the Blessed’, ‘To Ride A Wild Hunt’, and one enigmatic tome titled ‘Panacea Obscura”. 
“Those will tide you over for a little while. When you’re ready for more, come see me and we’ll talk.” She 
followed me back to the kitchen and placed the mug of tea in my hands, “Now drink up, and we’ll get you back to your wolf.” 
I closed my eyes and took a sip. When I opened them, the house was gone. I was standing in the field near the road and Tegan was just stepping out of the car, looking concerned. 
“No need to worry,” I said, stepping out of the brush onto the shoulder of the road, “I’m right here. We can return.” 
When we got back to the pack, I spent some time in my room looking over the books Sofia had given me. They were mostly books of healing, but one was a tome of invocations to the Moon Goddess, and some rituals. 
The Full Moon was due to rise the next day. Most of Nightwolf pack would be out in the woods running wild, bu I had no wolf to run with. Perhaps I could try and do one of these rituals instead. 
I noticed that the ritual I had chosen to start with required some medical reagents that I didn’t yet have. I would have to visit the pack doctor to see if he had any of them. 
Hudson’s office was in the middle of the village. An attractive older woman was leaving when I entered, and she winked at me as she left. That was odd. 
“Avery!” Hudson appeared in the office door, “What a pleasant surprise! Come on in, how can I help?” 
I explained what he was looking for and he hummed while he gathered up the ingredients. As he handed them to me, he grabbed my hand. 
“I can’t help but ask, but is everything okay?” Hudson said, peering into my face, “I hope you know that you can talk to me if something is wrong. It must be hard to settle into a new pack.” 
It was hard, but something about his manner was off-putting. I pulled my hand from his and offered a small smile. 
1/2 
Chapter 85 
+25 Bonus 
“Everything’s great. Thank you!” 
“Is it issues with conceiving?” Hudson said suddenly, “I know many young she-wolves worry about that. If you are concerned about your upcoming nuptials, I am happy to provide a consultation and make sure everything is in working order.” 
“Oh… uh… It’s fine. I’m fine. Really.” What a strange thing for him to say, I thought. “Thank you for the reagents. Just let me know how much I owe you?” 
I headed for the door. Hudson followed me. 
“Oh, no cost at all. Happy to help my new sister out!” He said with a smile and a hand on my back as I exited, ” Come back again soon!” 
He stood in the doorway watching me as I headed up the street to the pack house. 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 86
Chapter 86 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
The Full Moon rose above Nightwolf for its first night. I heard a few excited howls as the younger pack members transformed and took off to the woods to enjoy their first-night revels. 
More mature wolves would enjoy tomorrow night, taking the opportunity to indulge their wolf forms and reaffirm pack hierarchies and relationships. 
The third night was traditionally the mating-moon, where those who were close to mating heat, or wanted to be, would take the opportunity to embrace their fertility and expand families, or just enjoy intimate moments with their mates. 
And I would do… none of that. 
My wolf never manifested. 
I was just me. 
I knew she was in there somewhere, but for whatever reason, I had never transformed. 
So while they ran around under the full moon, feeling the late spring wind in their fur and howling their wild spirits into the sky, I would be marching into the woods with my books and my spell components and trying to do my first ritual to the Moon Goddess. 
The books Sofia had given me were fascinating, but hard to follow. They were handwritten, often with notes scribbled into the margins. There were star charts, and lists of correspondences. 
My eyes glazed over reading through the lists of herbs and crystals and incense scents to choose for specific outcomes. I even got bogged down in a chapter that went into the fascinating history of poppets. 
Did you know that poppets could be stuffed with straw or corn husks or fabric or teeth? It all depended on the outcome desired, the intent of the magic user. It was literally enchanting. 
But I didn’t understand how all of this intersected with my magic. I was no sorceress. I’d never done anything intentionally in this way. 
Sofia had given me these resources to teach me something, I was sure of it. I wasn’t interested in becoming her acolyte, but I was interested in finding out why the Moon Goddess had touched my life in this way. 
So, I had picked a ritual that was just… joyful. I was a little confused about some of the ritual steps, but maybe if I could just spend the time trying to commune with the Goddess, to connect to her power, maybe she could tell me why the hell she had interfered in my life so directly. 
I admit, though, I felt more than a little self-conscious as I took a blanket, a bag of candles, a lighter, some herbs, and a few odds and ends and marched my happy ass out into the forest. 
I felt pretty vulnerable disrobing, but the ritual primer recommended doing so to show sincerity, connection, and to help the ritual feel more sacred. I wasn’t sure why I cared, honestly. In these woods, the only other people who would be running around would be in wolf form. 
Wolves didn’t care what people were, or weren’t wearing. They operated entirely on vibes. 
1/2 
Chapter 86 
+25 Bonus 
And unlike the other night when Gideon had to save me, I wasn’t far from Nightwolf village. One good scream and a half dozen warriors would come running. I was just barely beyond the tree line, down a nice wooded slope. 
This area was gorgeous. I hadn’t truly appreciated it until now, but the woods around here were thick and wild, and teaming with wildlife. 
The books had described all sorts of complicated magic, but what I had picked was simpler than that. No chalk inscriptions were required, no archaic language. 
I stood, hair unbound, naked, and lifted my arms to the rising moon. Around me were a few candles, strewn herbs, and a single smoldering incense stick I’d stabbed into the moist earth, but otherwise this was exceedingly simple. 
So why did it feel so terrifying? 
I took a deep breath and remembered the times I had felt the Moon Goddess’ presence before. The way she had floated down in my dreams. The way the moonlight had felt like water in my hands. 
There weren’t any words required. I focused on my gratitude, my appreciation for her watching over me, and a little bit of my confusion, but happiness, at being able to use her gifts. 
Slowly, the moonlight trickled through the trees and draped across my body. Although it was a somewhat damp and chilly evening, I felt warm. It was like standing in sunlight. 
After a time, the light faded away, and my candles blew out. I stretched, feeling like I had been standing there for hours, or maybe just a few minutes? The moon had disappeared behind the clouds, or below the tree line. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 87
Chapter 87 
+25 Bonus 
I hadn’t seen the Goddess, not directly, but a part of me hoped she had been pleased by my attempt to connect with her. Even if I was just a silly wolf-girl standing in the forest without her clothes on, I felt like I’d done something that connected me to my culture, to my ancestors. 
I breathed out a thank you and turned to get dressed. 
And that’s when I became distinctly aware of the man standing at the edge of my ritual clearing. 
Gideon’s POV 
I wanted to punch my brother. 
Hudson had known exactly what he was doing when he’d casually mentioned how Avery had “come to him for advice on mating.” 
He’d known how I would take that, how it would get under my skin and itch like a bite. His poison was insidious. 
And effective. 
So now, like an idiot, I was hunting for my fiancée in the village, and feeling strangely panicky that she didn’t seem to be anywhere I had looked. 
And the darkest part of my mind was telling me that she was in Hudson’s office. Laughing at his jokes. Letting him ‘examine’ her. The way he’d done so many times before. 
The close call that had happened in the woods a few nights earlier didn’t make me feel any better. Lieutenant Quinn assured me that our triple patrols had encountered no further signs of rogue activity in our territory, but it had still been a close call. 
So, it was those dark thoughts keeping me company as I began the hunt for Avery in earnest. 
I knew she wasn’t in her room, or in my office. She wasn’t in the mess hall or the garden. 
If she were in her wolf form, it was possible she was out roaming the woods, though to what purpose I certainly couldn’t guess. Finally, I transformed and let my wolf take over the hunt. Holding him back when the moon was full was draining anyway. 
He wanted to run. He wanted to hunt. Embarrassingly, he wanted to mate. All his desires flooded through me as we switched. 
“What are you doing?” I asked him, as he stuck his nose to the ground and took off at a ground-covering lope. 
“Finding her.'” 
“Who?” 
“Her.” 
>> 
Infuriating beast. I wondered if he longed for the girl in the forest the way I did. She had been his mate, or at least housed the wolf that he had claimed as his mate. 
But for me, the memories of that time were a haze of pleasure and sensation, and little else. 
1/3 
Chapter 87 
+25 Bonus 
Still, when we came across her in the forest, it reminded me viscerally of that time. 
My wolf huffed, though I wasn’t sure if it was in satisfaction or disappointment, for the girl in front of us was in human, not wolf, form. Then he switched us back, so now I was the one staring at the girl in the moonlight. 
It was the strangest sense of deja vu. 
There was a lovely woman in the center of the forest, bathed in moonlight. Her hands were lifted to the sky, her face upturned. Long hair cascaded down her back. She was like the Moon Goddess herself, come to life. 
Her curves were gilded in silver, as though she was molten starlight. I watched, mesmerized, as the light faded and she turned to face me. 
Was this her? The one we’d been looking for? 
I stepped forward, as if in a dream. It felt so similar to that time… to the last mating moon… 
And then I realized it was Avery. 
Avery. 
Not our mate. 
“Are you sure?” My wolf asked, disappointed. 
I wasn’t. I wasn’t sure of anything. 
“Gideon?” Avery had paused, eyes wide in the moonless darkness. “Is that you?” I heard her rustling in the leaves, saw her pulling on a robe. 
I shook my head to clear it, still feeling dazed. It was like I was walking through my memories. 
But this girl did not bear my mark. The absence of it on her neck wounded me more than I cared to admit. 
I had to make certain. 
I stepped forward, closing the distance between us, and swept her hair off of her neck. She made a soft noise a leaned against me. 
Her neck was lovely, but unmarked. I felt the urge to bite and bite deep, to mark again and again. 
But no, she wasn’t the one. 
I pulled back with a rough sound. 
“You need to stay away from my brother.” 
2/3 
? 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 88
Chapter 88 
Gideon’s POV 
“W-what? Your brother? The pack doctor?” Avery tilted her head, confused. The softness of… whatever she’d been doing in the moonlight was falling away as she tucked her robe around herself. 
“Yes. My brother. Hudson. Don’t see him.” 
“Ok, but why?” She acquiesced so easily that something in my core loosened. She genuinely seemed confused as to why I was asking. “He was acting strangely anyway. I wasn’t sure if I should mention it, but I don’t think I want to see him regardless.” 
Her words made me want to embrace her all over again. 
But she wasn’t my mate. 
Best not to confuse the matter further. 
“Is something wrong?” Avery asked. 
“Not at all,” I said, tamping down the feelings. I didn’t want to have to explain it all. “You disappeared.” 
“Ah.” She looked a bit embarrassed. “I was trying…” Her voice faded off, as though she wasn’t sure she wanted to say. She gestured at the woods. 
I looked around at the lit candles, smelled the rich herbal aroma of crushed rosemary and mint. 
“Are you… summoning a demon?” I asked. 
Avery laughed, a lovely sound. 
“No, no. Just trying to commune with the Moon Goddess.” She looked at me, shyly. “I… wasn’t sure how I w able to help you with your wound. I’m trying to learn more so I can do it on demand.” 
That was such an admirable goal that I was taken aback slightly. And I had barged in here with my temper at its max. I felt a little ashamed. 
I cleared my throat, “Well, any luck?” 
She frowned, “I’m not sure. I felt something… but there’s no one here needs healing.” 
That was an excellent point. One I needed to hammer home. 
“You can’t be out here alone. It’s not safe.” 
“I was barely out of sight of the house!” Avery protested. “Really Gideon, you can’t keep me locked up.” 
Oh couldn’t I? Just the thought of her being attacked by rogues again was enough to raise my hackles. 
“I certainly can.” I growled, “No more running around in the woods naked, for starters. I don’t care how strong your wolf is, you go with me, or don’t go at all.” 
Avery was struck speechless. 
1/2 
Chapter 88 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh.. you!” She sputtered as I stomped around, blowing out her candles and shoving her supplies into her arms. 
“And stay away from my brother!” I repeated. 
“You said that already!” She stomped her foot. “Though I certainly don’t understand why!” 
I grabbed her hand and hauled her with me, back towards her room, and didn’t stop until I’d shut the door on her pouting face. 
Then I went to my room and drank too much whiskey. 
The judgmental sun found me the next morning and told me what an idiot I had been, with a strong stab of brightness to my eyes. The whiskey fumes cleared away and I felt some remorse that I had stomped all over Avery’s attempts at trying to master her powers for my benefit. 
My dreams from the night before had been strange beyond belief. 
Over and over, I had dreamed of the girl in the woods. The one I had mated. In my dreams I was trying to see her face, but no matter how I tried to look at her, something was always obscuring it. 
I woke up tormented, and desperately needing bodily release. A cold shower was the order of the day, but even there I found myself thinking of my mystery mate… and Avery. My mind kept trying to fuse them into the same person. 
I ended my shower as frustrated as when I’d started. 
Frankly, the memory of Avery healing me in the woods was itself something of a fever dream now that I was fully well. I had been avoiding thinking about it too much. It was just too visceral and uncomfortable, the idea that there really was someone who had the Moon Goddess’ blessing and could wield the powers of a deity. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
get 
2/2 
Chapter 88 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh.. you!” She sputtered as I stomped around, blowing out her candles and shoving her supplies into her arms. 
“And stay away from my brother!” I repeated. 
“You said that already!” She stomped her foot. “Though I certainly don’t understand why!” 
I grabbed her hand and hauled her with me, back towards her room, and didn’t stop until I’d shut the door on her pouting face. 
Then I went to my room and drank too much whiskey. 
The judgmental sun found me the next morning and told me what an idiot I had been, with a strong stab of brightness to my eyes. The whiskey fumes cleared away and I felt some remorse that I had stomped all over Avery’s attempts at trying to master her powers for my benefit. 
My dreams from the night before had been strange beyond belief. 
Over and over, I had dreamed of the girl in the woods. The one I had mated. In my dreams I was trying to see her face, but no matter how I tried to look at her, something was always obscuring it. 
I woke up tormented, and desperately needing bodily release. A cold shower was the order of the day, but even there I found myself thinking of my mystery mate… and Avery. My mind kept trying to fuse them into the same 
person. 
I ended my shower as frustrated as when I’d started. 
Frankly, the memory of Avery healing me in the woods was itself something of a fever dream now that I was fully well. I had been avoiding thinking about it too much. It was just too visceral and uncomfortable, the idea that there really was someone who had the Moon Goddess’ blessing and could wield the powers of a deity. 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 89
Chapter 89 
Avery’s skills could be incredible, but my rational mind had no way to explain them. Pretending nothing strange had happened was easier than admitting that gods existed and had the power to interfere in our lives. 
No one else even knew I had been wounded, much less that she had helped save me with magical lunar healing. 
On the plus side, if I kept Avery locked in her room, no one would ever find out. 
Tempting. 
But as much as I hated to admit it, it really wasn’t an option. I did need her as my Luna, which meant she needed to be able to do her duties as a free wolf. If anything, her connection to the Moon was just another sign that she truly was the Silvermoon lineage that we needed to infuse our pack with new blessings and blood. 
How could I explain to her that I just needed to know she would be safe? She chaffed at every restriction I put on 
her. 
I frowned and retreated to my office to look over some files but ended up staring out the window instead. 
Finally, I called Quinn to my office. I should truly have called Tegan, but something about his scent lately was throwing me off. There was a discontent to him that hadn’t been there before. I thought it was just his sister’s unhappiness spilling over, but now I was wondering if I would need to challenge my own Beta. 
Quinn arrived with a crisp salute and ready competence. She listened carefully as I explained what I needed, then disappeared for several hours. When she returned, I left to inspect her work. 
I enacted a few final touches, then I went to find Avery. 
By the sounds of stomping in her room, she was still mad at me. That was fine. When she stomped, she was easy to keep track of. Still, I hoped to return some of the lightness to her steps. 
My plan was very nearly derailed when I noticed my brother’s business card had been tucked into the doorfram of her room. It was still there though, which meant she hadn’t opened the door to let him in. 
Still, I would kill him for trying to see her. 
I rapped on Avery’s door and when she opened it, I did my best attempt at a nonchalant greeting, which is to say, I grasped her hand immediately and hauled her out into the hallway and down the stairs. 
I didn’t trust myself to say the right thing. 
She muttered some complaint, as I expected, which was why I just needed to show her. 
We left out the back door, and down a paving stone path towards a part of the pack complex I rarely visited. Truthfully, the memories were painful. 
But sometimes things need to change. 
A large stone wall and heavy door loomed in front of us. I let go of Avery’s hand and pulled out the heavy iron key Quinn had given me. Slowly, I turned the rusty bolt and pulled the door open. I gestured for Avery to lead the way inside. 
She stopped almost immediately, eyes wide as she looked around. 
1/2 
Chapter 89 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh… Gideon!” The words fell from her lips in elation, and the sound was a balm to my cranky feelings. 
“This is for you.” I said, gruffly, stepping in after her and closing the door behind us. 
“This was once the Alpha’s personal sanctuary. I haven’t come in here for… decades… But if you need a place to perform your rituals, you can have it.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
日 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 90
Chapter 90 
Avery’s POV 
The space on the other side of the high stone walls opened up into a large space. The walls expanded to left and right in gentle curves, while the path continued forward before splitting in two and running around a small hill dominated by a huge oak tree. 
I stepped forward in amazement. The space was overgrown. Vines and weeds had crept over the walls and garden beds that lined the edges, but the land sloped away downhill, dotted with fruit trees – the remains of an old orchard. 
“Truly?” I spun to face Gideon who was standing, hands in pockets, watching me. “You would give me this space?” 
Already I was having visions of what I would do here. Add a large basin for reflecting the moon at the base of that circled path, plant bulbs in the winter so that in the spring this place would reflect bright colors against the melting snow. 
“I would give you pretty much anything.” Gideon said softly. 
I tilted my head at him, biting my lip. 
“Except…?” I said softly. 
“Except.” He repeated, moving closer. He left it at that. 
We both knew what he wouldn’t give. 
He wouldn’t give me my freedom. 
He wouldn’t be my mate. 
I turned back to look at the garden behind me. The words he wouldn’t say were written in the trees and the 
clouds. 
They sure were beautiful. 
This place was beautiful. 
Neglected, but lovely. 
Was that my future? 
To plant seeds in hopes of them growing? Or to continue in invisibility, kept, but unloved? 
I reached out and cupped a budding branch in my hand. Its growth didn’t depend on how many eyes saw it. I was just blessed to have witnessed it. 
The private garden was chilly, but Gideon’s heated stare warmed my back. It was incredible how I could be so in tune with someone who was not my mate. 
And despite his cool exterior, his emotions certainly ran high where I was involved. I had been irritated when he’d dragged me back to my room after my ritual last night, but I recognized a peace offering when I saw one. 
1/2 
Chapter 90 
+25 Bonus 
I turned back to Gideon and gave a small, private smile. 
“This is exquisite.” I said, honestly. 
“You like it?” 
“I love it.” 
He nodded, as though that was the only thing he needed to hear. His eyes roamed around our surroundings, at pretty much everything except me when I was talking to him. 
“Is this how it’s going to be?” I asked softly. 
“How do you mean?” 
“Where we talk about the things we don’t care about, and never the things we do.” I tilted my head at him, regarding him from the corner of my eyes. 
He thought for a long moment. 
“Does it make it any easier when we talk about them?” He posed a question in return. 
“Not really, no.” I admitted. The hard truths were hard no matter what. 
“Then, best to leave things unsaid.” Gideon said with finality. He came to stand next to me, his hand gently touching the small of my back. 
We stood that way for a long moment, listening to the finches in the juniper and the far-off screech of a red- 
tailed hawk. 
“I need to get back.” Gideon said finally, but his arm lingered around me for a heartbeat longer before he pulled away. “I hope this makes up for… 
He didn’t finish the sentence, just nodded and walked away. 
The door closed behind him as he departed and I was left with my thoughts. 
How could we resolve any of this, so long as his missing mate was flapping in the wind? I frowned and bent down to dig my fingers into the soil. 
The ground was moist and warm from the sun. It knew what its job was – to germinate and grow in whatever way it could. It had tools, and so did I. 
If I couldn’t wait for this to resolve itself, then perhaps I needed to use my tools to force a resolution. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
日 
Comments 
? 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 91
Chapter 91 
I returned to my room and flipped through the books Sofia had given me. I was looking for inspiration, something that would give me insight into my situation. 
There were sections on divination that were interesting, but I didn’t want to know the future, I just wanted to have a future. 
There were love spells a-plenty as well. I was flipping past them when one caught my eye. “To call a mate to you ‘. It was not quite what I needed, but perhaps I could modify it… 
I studied a while longer, then gathered up the supplies I needed and returned to the sanctuary Gideon had given me that night. 
Returning to the garden alone felt like sneaking into another world. I locked the gate behind me and looked around in satisfaction. The second night of the full moon was windy with clouds scudding across the sky. I hoped my candles wouldn’t blow out, but I had brought jars to nestle them into where the flames would be protected. 
I laid out my supplies on a large flat rock. Finding some of the ingredients had been difficult, and I had spent most of the day running errands in the village hunting them down. I would really have to increase my stores in my little still-room to make sure I would have these ingredients on hand in the future. 
Once everything was laid out, I lit the twin candles I had carved in my room earlier. I daubed each with the oil I had mixed, and held them both in my hands. 
“The moon is full, the hour late, 
I send my power beyond the gate, 
To draw those who are bound by fate, 
Deliver now the missing mate!” 
I wrapped a ribbon around the two forms, one of which I had inscribed with Gideon’s name. The other, representing his missing mate, I tied tightly to him. 
Then I grabbed my shovel and buried the figures beneath the large oak tree. I prayed for the Moon Goddess’ blessing as I covered them with dirt. 
I couldn’t tell if the magic was working or not. According to the book, it could take weeks to return a result. I would just have to trust that things were in motion. 
In a little over a week, Gideon and I would be married. I had spent the rest of the afternoon dodging the assistants of the Old Luna who wanted to confirm all sorts of details I didn’t care about. 
To me, this was just a glorified promotion in a career path I hadn’t chosen. It didn’t feel like a wedding because 
it wasn’t a real marriage. There were no declarations of love, nor would there ever be. I was just being brought in -line with Gideon’s vision of what a successful Nightwolf Alpha should have. 
One Silvermoon Bride. Check. One Luna. Check. 
Those looking for emotional ties need not apply. 
1/2 
Chapter 91 
+25 Bonus 
I wished I was less of a good person. I knew Zara wouldn’t have hesitated in my shoes to try and seduce Gideon, hell, she’d already tried. She wouldn’t give a damn that he had a mate out there already. 
Maybe I should do the same, and damn the consequences. 
But I couldn’t bring myself to do that. To try and steal some other woman’s destined love. 
So… this magic spell was really for him. I would bring his mate to him, and then he would have everything he needed and I could… be free. 
I should have felt relief at the idea, but all I felt was the tightness of my throat and the burning in my eyes from trying not to cry. 
“Goodbye, Gideon.” 
My quiet farewell was cut into by the sudden blaring of a siren. I slipped out of the garden and headed up towards the pack house just in time to see an ambulance pulling away. 
“What happened?” I asked as I ran up to the house. The response chilled me to the bone. 
“The Alpha attacked his brother.” 
2/2 
Chapter 92 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 92
Chapter 92 
Avery’s POV 
“What do you mean, attacked?” 
“They were training in the grounds and started arguing. The pack doctor said something to the Alpha and he turned on him. They fought!” the young man next to me was out of breath and panting as he relayed what he 
saw. 
“Who’s in the ambulance?” I asked, suddenly terrified. Was Gideon injured? It felt like my heart was suddenly being squeezed in a vise. 
“Who do you think?” came Gideon’s voice from behind me as he strode past me towards the house. At his sudden appearance, the small crowd dispersed. I darted after him. 
“Wait, Gideon, slow down! What happened?” I asked, trying to match his long strides. Gideon didn’t slow down, taking the stairs up to the third floor two-at-a-time. 
“He disobeyed me.” Gideon paused at the top of the stairs and turned to look down at me on the step below. “He paid for it.” 
Then he strode down the hall to his room and closed the door. 
Well, that wasn’t particularly enlightening. 
I sat down on the step and watched as Gideon’s parents appeared in the Great Room below, quickly joined by his sister. They appeared to be arguing, but from here I could only hear snippets of their conversation. 
“…hospital. Can he?” 
“Not the first time… out of control…” 
“… can’t challenge the Alpha!” 
I shouldn’t have been eavesdropping, but something about their body language kept me from revealing myself. They kept gesturing in the direction Gideon had gone, but none of them climbed the stairs to talk to him. 
Eventually they drifted out the front door and out of sight. 
Without having insight into Gideon’s actions, I could only guess as to what had happened. Had Hudson tried to challenge his brother for pack leadership? 
I rolled the idea over in my mind. It might explain why he had suddenly been so friendly towards me. If Hudson was trying to make a move on the Alpha position, then it might make sense that he would befriend me as Luna. He would be subject to the same traditions his brother faced, and would require a Silvermoon bride. 
I already knew that Gideon would do basically anything to keep his title as Alpha, but I was shocked that his ambition included bloodying his own brother. It reminded me of the bullying I had received at the hands of Zara and her friends. They saw any success I had as a threat to their own power, and tried many times to beat it out of 

Bile rose in my throat. What sort of monster was I really marrying? If Gideon would put his own family in the 
1/3 
Chapter 92 
+25 Bonus 
hospital, why did I think he would treat me with any sort of civility in the future? 
Feeling nauseous, I retreated to my own room and locked the door. In the morning I would try and sort out what had really happened. 
Even if it meant defying Gideon, I needed to talk to his brother. 
The next day I hung out in the coffee shop in the village all morning. The coffee was decent, the view of the main street past Hudson’s doctor office was even better. Finally, around noon, I saw a car pull up and Hudson got out. 
He looked okay from here, maybe moving a bit slowly. He went into his office. 
I finished my coffee and walked across the street and paused outside of the doctor’s office. 
I wanted so badly to find out what was going on, but Gideon had asked me to promise to stay away from his brother. 
I had spent the hours drinking coffee torn between wanting to stick to my promise, and wanting to make sure that Gideon wasn’t the sort of person who would abuse his own family. 1 
The conversation we’d had about building trust kept running through my mind. It stayed my hand when I was going to knock. 
After a moment, I turned and walked up towards the pack house instead, leaving the village behind. I hated that I felt like a coward, but something about this didn’t feel right. 
Instead I knocked on Gideon’s door. 
“Gideon?” I called, but there was no answer. I knocked again, but there was only silence inside. 
Was he out and about, or was he ignoring me? 
I frowned at his door, then went into my own room and shut the door. 
I hadn’t been there long before I heard a knock. Thinking it must be Gideon returning, I leapt up and darted to the door and opened it. 
But it wasn’t Gideon. His brother, Hudson, stood there instead. His face looked like he had lost a fight in the parking lot, and the asphalt had won. 
“Oh!” I gasped, then in a panic I tried to shut the door, but Hudson caught it. 
“Actually, I was hoping we could talk.” He said, pushing in. 
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea.” I stammered, backing up. 
“Because my brother said not to talk to me? Yeah, he told me not to talk to you either, so… don’t you think that’s a good reason for us to talk?” His frown was similar to Gideon’s, but he didn’t have the same presence his brother had. When Gideon frowned, the whole room darkened. 
“N-nooo?” I sputtered, “Don’t you want to save what’s left of your face?” 
Hudson gave a bitter laugh, “Oh, this is nothing compared to other fights we’ve had.” 
2/3 
Chapter 92 
+25 Bonus 
He paused, then revealed, “I saw you stop outside my office.” 
I reddened. I didn’t realize he had known I had come by. Now more than ever I regretted that I’d almost stopped there. 
“I made a mistake.” I said, flipping my hair over one shoulder and crossing my arms. 
“Nonsense, you’re perfect.” Hudson’s eyes gleamed, “I can see why my brother likes you. 
If only he knew that his brother’s interest in me was purely for the good of the pack. I shook my head. 
“I think you should go.” I stood by the open door, “I don’t know what’s going on between you and Gideon, but it doesn’t matter.” 
“You’re not even a little bit curious?” Hudson came closer, running his hands through his own shaggy hair. ” Because you were at the heart of it.” 
My curiosity was burning, but my senses were screaming at me that something was wrong. I needed to get Hudson out of my room, and then go to Gideon and explain what happened. 
Suddenly, Hudson was too close in my space, pressing me against the wall. I shrieked in surprise and he placed one hand over my mouth. 
“Shhh, no need to be startled. I can tell that you are interested.” 
I stared at him in confusion. 
“That’s why you stopped by, wasn’t it? You wanted to give us a reason to meet. Now, here I am.” His voice was low and throaty, and his eyes were gleaming wolf-yellow. 
“Are you… in heat?” I shook his hand off my mouth and glared at him. “I think you’ve gotten the wrong impression here. I’m not interested in you like that. I was concerned that you and Gideon had fought, and wanted to make sure both of you were okay.” 
“Never been better.” Hudson purred, stroking one hand down my side and pressing his lips to mine. 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 93
Chapter 93 
+25 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
Hudson’s kiss was both unexpected and unwanted. I pushed him away with a shove to his chest. He was taller and heavier than I was, and barely moved, but he didn’t trap me either. 
“I don’t want you.” I said clearly. “And I will be telling Gideon about this. Now leave.” 
“You think Gideon will believe you?” His sneer was broad and confident. He reached his arm up and leaned on the wall behind me. Arrogant prick. 
“He already doesn’t trust you.” I pointed out, “Why is that?” 
“Yeah, why is that, Hudson?” Gideon’s voice from the doorway cracked through the room like a whip. I jumped, but Hudson didn’t. He had known Gideon would show up. He had wanted this confrontation. 
My gaze jumped between the two brothers, who were glaring daggers at each other. Hudson’s wolf was still barely in check, his eyes golden and a low growl emanating from his chest. 
I felt acutely like I was trapped in a cage with two snarling wolves. 
“Did he touch you?” Gideon turned his head towards me, but his eyes stayed fixed on his brother. 
“Yes.” I said vehemently. 
Gideon turned back to Hudson. 
“Hudson Orion Nightwolf, for failing to master your heat, and for the unsolicited advances on my Luna, you are hereby banished from Nightwolf Pack.” Gideon said stepping towards his brother. 
“Now wait a minute!” Hudson snarled, eyes full of hatred, “You have no right.” 
“I have every right!” Gideon snapped back, “You are a sneak and a cheat and you’ve dogged the heels of every female in this pack for too long for me to overlook your behavior anymore.” 
“Being popular with the ladies isn’t a crime.” Hudson preened, “Your jealousy is not enough reason to banish 
me.” 
“Mated ladies, Hudson. Ones that don’t want your attention. Every week there’s another husband complaining to my Beta. If you can’t keep it in your pants, I don’t need to keep it in my pack. Gather your things, you will leave by sundown.” 
Hudson roared and shifted, lunging at Gideon fast as lightning. In an instant, Gideon had dodged his attack and transformed as well, both wolves snapping and snarling at each other. Gideon’s wolf was larger, the familiar shaggy black shape moving almost too fast to see. 
Hudson’s wolf was smaller, tawny brown, but fast and fueled by his moon-driven heat. His growls and snarls were vicious as he attacked his brother. 
I couldn’t shift, I could only back into the wall as the two wolves rolled around my bedroom. I heard pounding feet in the hallway as others came to the sound of the fight. Gideon’s family stood in the hall staring in and making distressed noises as the fight progressed. 
1/3 
Chapter 93 
908 
+25 Bonus 
Fur and blood flew through the air. Finally, with a guttural bellow, Gideon’s wolf pinned the other, jaws wrapped around his throat. The fight went out of the smaller wolf, and he gave a whine of surrender and shifted back to his human form. 
In a second, Gideon shifted as well, though his hand remained on Hudson’s throat. 
In a movement that looked effortless, he lifted his brother up and raised his feet off the ground and carried him towards the door, tossing him at the feet of his parents. 
“He is expelled.” Gideon said, flatly. When his parents protested, he ignored them. Instead, he walked back into my room, grabbed my hand, and drew me out into the hall and into his room, where he shut the door. 
I hadn’t been in Gideon’s room before. In some ways, it was exactly the cave I expected. Dark paneled walls, hunter green couch. A distinct abundance of leather. 
I turned as he leaned against the door behind me. 
“Well, I was going to come talk to you, but I assume you heard the salient parts.” I said, sitting myself on the edge of the window seat and glancing out at his view. It was slightly better than the view from my room. “So what the hell was all that about?” I shot Gideon a look. 
He walked to the couch and sat on it in a nonchalant pose, but he was wound tight as a spring. His eyes were dark, his expression forbidding. 
“Hudson has been a problem for a long time.” He said slowly, fists clenched. He looked remarkably controlled for a man who had just scrapped with his brother until he yielded. 
“Because he challenged you?” I asked, frowning. 
“No, he knew he couldn’t really challenge me. He only tried today because he was in the mating heat. It makes us stupid, even the best of us.” Gideon gave a bitter laugh. “No, he has a disturbing habit of sleeping with other men’s mates.” 
I recoiled. So many of Hudson’s actions and words made sense with that information. 
“So when he went after you…” Gideon’s voice was a low growl, “It was just insult on top of injury. He was already a shameful part of our family, and I saw him set his sights on you.” 
His mouth twisted with jealousy. I rose from the bench and slid onto the seat next to him. He turned to look at me and his expression was tortured. 
“And you… you are so innocent, Avery. I couldn’t stand the thought of him trying to spend time with you, not knowing what kind of creature he is.” 
I reached out and gripped Gideon’s hand. His fingers clutched around mine, 
“It’s okay.” I said softly, “I already didn’t trust him. You were trying to protect me.” 
He nodded sharply, once, then released my hand. 
“You should go. My family will be angry, and I don’t want them to take it out on you.’ 
“Why did they still protect him, if he…?” 
2/3 
Chapter 93 
204 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon shook his head and ran his hands through his hair. 
“Because they always have chosen him over me.” 
I closed his door softly as I left, but as soon as I began to walk down the stairs, Gideon’s parents and sister rose from the chairs below. They had been waiting for me. 
“There she is, the reason our son was banished.” Gideon’s mother said venomously. I froze on the steps, then made myself complete the journey to the bottom. 
“You know that’s not true.” I said softly, “Hudson brought this on himself.” 
His mother burst into tears and leaned into her husband. 
“Our family is cursed.” Gideon’s father said roughly. “You won’t be immune.” 
I wanted to say that my family had always been cursed as well, but I kept my mouth shut. They were hurting, and I could understand that. 
“Is there… a place where family records are kept?” I asked gently, “You’re right that I should learn more about my future family.” 
“There’s a private family library,” Gideon’s father said, “I’ll show it to you tomorrow.” 
“It’s Gideon’s demonblood that caused this.” Camila said, wiping a tissue across her eyes. “You should know what you are marrying into, Avery. Or run while you still can.” 
Now was not the time to point out that I’d been trying exactly that for weeks. 
In the meantime, maybe I should brush up on my curse-breaking. 
日 
Comments 
曲 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 94
Chapter 94 
Avery’s POV 
The Nightwolf pack private library was stunning. Bennett, Gideon’s father, showed me in with a curt nod and left me standing, mouth agape at the incredible space. 
The room was shaped as a round turret at one end of the pack house off of a wing I hadn’t ventured down previously. Entering through the carved wooden doors placed me facing a broad marble fireplace that was as tall as I was. 
To each side bookshelves rose separated by palladium windows and columns that curved gracefully under a second floor balcony that ringed and looked down upon the center of the room. 
A long curved couch dominated the floor in the center, flanked by overstuffed armchairs. Far above, the turret rounded into a glass-paned skylight cupola that gave a stunning view of the grey clouds overhead. 
Planters trailing ivy and hanging flowers cascaded down from the upper levels, intermingling with the towering shelves filled with leatherbound tomes. 
Far from the basement records room where I had started, and the pack library where I had conducted previous research, this room was rich, opulent, and lush. It was a jewel in the crown of Nightwolf power and a testament to the success generations of their family had brought to their territory. 
So why did they say they were cursed? 
Camila had referenced Gideon’s demonblood, which I had already known a little bit about, from what Gideon had told me himself after the incident with the angelica flowers. What could this library tell me that I didn’t already know? 
I hummed to myself and walked to the second floor by way of a sweeping staircase. If I was going to be looking for little known information, I would want to start where no one ever looked. 
The records on the second level were musty and ill-used. I let my fingers skim along the spines as I read the titles. Genealogical records mainly, similar to the records I had been studying in the basement before the Gala, but these were enshrined in gorgeous calligraphied manuscripts that dated the family back for centuries. 
My fingers skipped over a gap in the tomes and I paused. Something had been here, but was missing. I stuck my fingers in between the two larger books on either side and was surprised when they landed on something much 
smaller. 
I pulled it out and stared down at a child’s diary. The small lock and leather strap were still attached, but fell open when I lifted it out. 
Intrigued, I carried the diary down to the couch below and settled in to read. 
There was no name on the cover, but as I read, it became clear who this must have belonged to. Had he hid it here, himself, in the expectation that no one would ever bother to find it? 
As I tore through the pages, my heart broke for the little boy who hadn’t known how to do anything other than write down the horrors he was experiencing. His parents were harsh and strict, training him relentlessly to become a worthy alpha. 
1/3 
Chapter 94 
+25 Bonus 
“Hudson and Camila went on the trail ride today but Mother said I needed to stay in the training grounds and perfect my form…” said one entry. Another, “12th birthday today, I went to play in the woods by myself again. Father said that it’s not good for a future Alpha to play with the village children, but I wish I had someone to talk to.” 
The final entry was chilling, 
“Something is wrong with me. I shifted for the first time today and when my parents saw my wolf they told me to return to the house immediately. Did I do something wrong? 
“I feel strange, is this not what a wolf is supposed to feel like? Is it supposed to be this hard to control? No one will tell me what’s wrong, and I’m starting to feel afraid…” 
There the entries ended. 
I closed the diary and pressed my fingertips to my closed eyes. I could so easily understand what that young Alpha had gone through, because it was so similar to the childhood I myself had suffered. The favoritism for Zara, my father’s favorite, the issues with my own wolf form never manifesting… 
I needed to learn more. I needed to talk to Gideon about what I’d found. 
The Full Moon was over and the pack was still buzzing with gossip about Hudson’s exile. When I let myself into Gideon’s office he looked irritable and busy behind a stack of papers. 
“Avery.” He said, tossing a pack of files onto a pile to the side, “What now?” 
It was hard, now, to see in this powerful man the remnants of the frightened but brave child who had written their thoughts in that leatherbound book. 
“I want to know more.” I said, slipping into the chair in front of his desk, “I want to hear your side of the story.” 
He stilled, staring down at the desk. 
“Please, Gideon. Help me to understand. Tell me about how you found out about your demonblood. Tell me what will happen if you have children… if we have children.” 
My plea fell into the silence of the room and I saw its ripples shake Gideon. When he raised his eyes to meet mine, he looked like a man haunted by his past. 
“It’s not pretty, Avery. Not the sort of story one tells to get a laugh.” He said wearily, leaning back in his chair to rub his eyes. 
“You just banished your brother, and your family doesn’t seem to care that it was the right thing to do. From what I can tell, they shaped you to be a tool, but didn’t care how you might be cut in the process.” I stated simply. “You want me to stay, and I presume you mean for us to be allies. I need to understand.” 
His fingers gripped the edge of the desk so tightly I could see his knuckles turn white. 
“Please.” I whispered. 
With a groan, Gideon rose and paced to the window. He turned back to stare at me with a dagger-gaze. 
“If I am going to tell you this, you have to promise to listen to the whole thing.” He said grimly, “It won’t be easy 
2/3 
Chapter 94 
+25 Bonus 
to listen to. Listen anyways.” 
I nodded solemnly. 
” 
He stared into the night for long moments. 
“It’s hard to know where to start. I haven’t told anyone about this in my own words. At the time, everyone knew. It was the defining memory of my earliest years as Alpha.” 
I pulled my feet up onto the sofa and hugged my knees as Gideon gripped the windowsill and tried to find the words to tell me about his memories. 
“I had a friend.” He said slowly, “Another wolf boy. His name was Malakai. We were close in age, and although my parents didn’t want me playing with the other village children, he and I would sneak out into the woods to run around together. As I got older, we had to be more discrete, and we had a secret code we would use to leave messages for each other.” 
Gideon turned to look at me, and his eyes were full of fury and sorrow. 
“I killed him, Avery. I killed them both.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 95
Chapter 95 
Gideon’s POV 
“The first time you shift, everything feels larger than life. Your wolf’s voice speaks in your head for the first time. His senses overwhelm yours. You see, smell, hear, everything as though it were amplified through a megaphone. 
“The first time I shifted, the forest called to me in an imperative siren’s song. There was nothing better for a young boy and wolf to do than to shift and run free under the full moon. 
“I was a gangly, moody teenager, desperate for my parent’s approval. I didn’t understand at the time that to them, I was just a means of securing their succession. 
“They weren’t prepared for my intensity, and although they were the leaders of the pack, from an early age they became submissive to me, and resented me for it. The Alpha genes were so defined in me, that they avoided my presence as much as possible to be able to retain their own identities and rank, knowing it was only a matter of time before I took over their pack. 
“When my brother and sister were born, they fit into the family better, and became immediate favorites to my father and mother. I was the one who carried all the family responsibility, and they were more than happy to let me shoulder it alone while they had their perfect family unit. So my first memories are lonely ones. 
“Still, for my early years I was taught in the village school and until my parents pulled me out as a teenager, Malakai was my best friend. His mother worked in the pack house, so he was often up near where I was, and we would run around in the woods and sneak off to play together. 
“He always had a quick sense of humor, and a quick temper too. I was the one who was more tentative and cautious, so being with Malakai was also one of the few times where I felt like I could come out of my shell a bit instead of retreating into myself under the weight of others expectations. 
“When we shifted, our wolves were evenly matched in size, and while I delighted that my best friend and I were able to keep up with each other, my parents only saw that Malikai had the potential to challenge the Alpha, and they warned us to stay apart. 
“There was a third wolf who ran with us. Her name was Autumn. 
“She was a bit younger, but her wolf matured early, and from the moment she first shifted, she and my brother knew they were mates. But she was my friend first. 
“Because of my parents disapproval, we had to sneak away to run through the woods together. Sometimes my brother would join us, but his wolf and Autumn’s were smaller and had a harder time keeping up, and he resented that I was so much more powerful than he was. He feared that I would steal Autumn from him. 
“But my mind was not on mating. I just wanted my friends. He didn’t understand that those friendships were a lifeline for me, the only people in the world who didn’t see me as the future Alpha, but instead loved me for me. 
“My parents feared my wolf from the moment they saw him. I didn’t learn until later that the black wolf was a classic marker of the demonblood gene I carried. The manifestation of the gene skips generations, and while my grandmother had it, no one in my parents generation did. 
“So in their eyes, I was cursed, but to protect me, they hid the knowledge and forbade anyone from speaking of 
1/2 
Chapter 95 
+25 Bonus 
the curse. They didn’t tell me either. 
“Hudson found the references in the library, and he did his own research. He didn’t understand what the curse did, the berserker rage it could cause. He just thought it would make me do something foolish, and break the reputation I had in the pack of being the perfect future Alpha. 
“He wanted me to be humiliated, so he picked Angelica flowers, and brought them to the woods where Malakai, Autumn, and I were hanging out. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 96
Chapter 96 
+25 Bonus 
I paused as the memory of that feeling rushed back. The buzzing in my head, the way my body involuntarily shifted, the intense feelings that flowed from my wolf in a torrent… 
How could I describe it? 
“I can’t describe adequately the feeling of your wolf going crazy within you. I was still getting to know my wolf, but we were very much in sync. He curbed the loneliness I felt when my friends were absent, and finally I was beginning to feel like maybe my future had promise. 
‘When Hudson brought the flowers he gave them to Autumn but he was watching me for my reaction. The toxins were even more effective against my adolescent wolf, and the berserker rage overcame us both within a matter of minutes, although I struggled. 
“My friends and brother watched in horror as I shifted to my wolf form, and instead of their companion, a fearsome devil wolf appeared instead. 
“I…” 
My words shuddered to a halt, and I swayed in front of the window as though rocked by a breeze. 
I swallowed hard, then started up again. 
“I was trapped within my wolf, helpless to stop what happened next. Malakai immediately shifted to try and communicate, but my wolf was incoherent, blinded by the toxin-induced rage. He could not be calmed. 
“Autumn, knowing that my wolf would usually never hurt her, nuzzled into me to try and calm me down. But the scent of the flowers was on her fur, and it drove my wolf over the edge. 
The room was silent, Avery’s eyes wide as saucers on the couch. I needed to finish this. 
“Malakai and Hudson tried to intervene, but it was too late. Hudson ended up fleeing for his life, while Autumn and Malakai stayed to fight… and died.” 
Avery rose from the couch and walked to me where I swayed in front of the window under the weight of the past. She wrapped her arms around me. The warmth of her touch was a balm. 
“My wolf fled into the woods, deep into the wilds to the north. It took days for the effects of the toxins to wear off, and several more for my family to find me.” 
Absently, my fingers tangled in her hair. I looked down at her solemnly. She had promised to listen without interruption, but her eyes were full of sympathy as she stared up at me. 
She fit against me perfectly, as though she had always been there. I thought I would resent the proximity, but somehow it felt right to be telling her this. The words spilled out of me like a lanced abscess, poison that I had carried for years finally released. 
“Hudson hated me since that day. We had never been close, but I had killed his mate, and he spent the last few years alternating between stealing other men’s mates, and seducing anyone I showed an interest in. It is his revenge for what I took from him.” 
There were tears in Avery’s eyes, for my pain. For that young wolf who hadn’t understood what was happening, 
1/2 
Chapter 96 
+25 Bonus 
and for those he had lost. 
I gently caught a tear as it spilled from her eyes, and wiped it away. 
My wolf, who had been sharing my words and memories with an echo of our everlasting sorrow, broke his silence to say softly in my mind, ‘She fits us. She could be mate.’ 
‘We already have one of those,’ I reminded him, ‘Are you ready to abandon that connection?’ 
I sensed his confusion, and mirrored it back. 
“My wolf wonders…” I said, then trailed off. I couldn’t finish the question. 
What I really want to say- ‘Are you my mate?’ 1 
But no good would come from asking. She couldn’t answer. I let it fade away into the quiet of the room. 
Avery didn’t press the question. She just continued to hold me in her arms, as though she was the only refuge I needed. 
I was starting to feel like perhaps she was. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 97
Chapter 97 
Zara’s POV 
The evening mist flowed around me like a river. Here in the forest off our back porch it pooled and eddied beneath the tall spruce trees. I wrapped my sweater around my body and waited. It didn’t take long. 
“You’re not Ryan.” The one-eyed rogue said as he stepped onto the path. 
“Disappointed?” I asked, “I know how you enjoyed your boys nights.” 
The rogue huffed a laugh as he stepped closer. 
“You’re bold to show your face to me after getting my men killed.” He said the words with nonchalance, but there was steel beneath them. I swallowed and kept my face neutral. 
So, yes, the mission to take Avery out had failed. The rogues who had been sent to kidnap her had instead been found on the floor of the forest with their throats ripped out. I still didn’t know if they’d managed to wound Avery at all- communications with Nightwolf had stopped after my visit to Gideon’s office. 
“It was unfortunate that you lost your posse,” I said carefully, “The Nightwolf Alpha is strong. He shouldn’t have been able to intervene in time, but our asset was unable to stop him.” 
The one-eyed rogue crossed his arms and waited. 
“My sources tell me that plans for the wedding are still proceeding. I know you want Avery, even if Ryan thinks he’ll somehow win her back. I think we both can agree that we can’t allow that to go smoothly.” 
“What do you suggest?” The rogue’s body language was dangerously casual, but he smelled of blood. I was on 
thin ice. 
“I know that you had been kidnapping girls.” I said frankly. The rogue stiffened and I hurried on, “And I couldn’t care less, but I need one of them to sow some confusion.” 
“Ah.” He caught on, “You want to create a distraction.” 
“The Nightwolf Alpha has a mate, he told me so when he came here for our Mating Ball.” I explained, “But my sources in his pack say that she has never been seen by anyone else. Furthermore, that he himself doesn’t know where she is, or what she looks like.” 
The rogue nodded, “And you want my assistance in making her magically appear, hm?” 
It was so nice working with someone who could follow along with my plans. I swear, every time I tried to propose something to Ryan, I had to walk him through each step holding his hand. 
“Exactly. We provide him a… more willing bride, and he is sure to evict Avery. Then you can snap her up and do with her whatever you please. She gets dethroned, and we have someone close to Gideon who can work for us.” 
“You need me to provide the girl.” 
“And I can provide a false mating mark that will stand up under scrutiny. Once our girl is inserted as Gideon’s true Luna, he will no doubt mark her for real, and there will be no further need for mimicry.” 
“How will you introduce them?” He asked after thinking for a moment. 
1/3 
Chapter 97 
696 
+25 Bonus 
“Set up an imprisonment area and Silvermoon will ‘stumble’ upon it. We’ll call upon Nightwolf for backup and relay the intel that more girls matching the description of Gideon’s mate have been found. Then we’ll transfer the girl to his pack and…” I snapped my fingers. 
The rogue shifted closer, in the dim light it was hard to tell, but I could see the patch over his eye. If it effected his physicality at all, he didn’t let it show. He was powerfully built, with an Alpha’s strength and arrogance. 
Could there be Rogue Alphas? I wondered. 
Without a pack, what would the point of an Alpha be? They were meant to be leaders and breeders, capable of perpetuating a bloodline with strength and vigor. 
This man looked the part, despite having no pack. 
My wolf instinctively responded to his virility and let me know that she would accept him as a mate should Ryan prove unsuitable. 
That was interesting. 
Despite spending two mating moons with Ryan, I still wasn’t pregnant. I had done everything I could, taken the right herbs, mated at the right times, and now I was starting to doubt that he had the capability at all. 
If he wasn’t capable of fathering an heir on me, perhaps another option stood before me. Once I had a pup 
in my belly, my future as Luna was secured. If anything happened to Ryan, I would still be the mother of his heirs. 
I took a step closer to the Rogue King, nostrils flaring as I inhaled his musky sent. He smelled of burnt leaves and crushed grass, danger flowed off of him in waves. He was like no one I had met before. 
I saw his white teeth flash in the darkness, “See something you like, princess?” 
I caught myself, shook off the pheromones and growled. 
“You overstep, rogue.” I snapped. 
He just laughed. 
“I’m sure your Alpha wouldn’t be too pleased to know we were meeting like this.” He leaned towards me and inhaled pointedly, “And you so soon after your mating heat too… If I were him I’d have you tucked safely in my den and fuck you until you couldn’t walk.” 
I winced at his crassness, even as a flood of wetness seeped into my panties. There had been a time when I had wanted Ryan to talk to me like that, but disappointingly, after our first mating he had been frustratingly passive. 
Even getting him to mate with me this past Full Moon had felt more like a chore than it should be to get him naked and interested. Once his pants were off, he was satisfactory, but it was like his mind was miles away. 
I was too young and hot and breedable to lose any man’s interest. 
Inside me, my wolf shook her head and flicked her ears haughtily. She wanted the interest of a strong Alpha, and Ryan wasn’t doing it. This one would do fine, even if he did smell like gunpowder and fire. 
The one-eyed rogue sensed my wavering will and his smirk broadened. He reached out and grabbed my hips and pulled me against him. Unbidden, a gasp slipped past my lips. 
2/3 
Chapter 97 
+25 Bonus 
“You… There are rules.” I whined even as my body arched towards him. 
“Princess, I’m a rogue. Fuck the rules.” His breath was hot on my neck as his teeth grazed over the sensitive skin. I whimpered. 
“Come with me,” he whispered, “we can burn it all down.” 
His hands slipped inside my sweater, found my skin underneath. His touch was fire. 
I knew I should pull away, this man could offer me nothing compared to running Silvermoon pack. He was a rogue for heaven’s sake! 
I snarled and pulled back, albeit, reluctantly. 
The rogue seemed to find it very amusing. 
“Perhaps another time then.” He said, in that mocking tone. 
I sniffed, embarrassed that he had almost so easily been able to take me then and there. 
Eyes on the prize, Zara, I thought to myself. Don’t get distracted. 
I watched the rogue turn and shift before heading into the forest. In the shadows it was hard to tell as he slipped into the treeline, but his wolf looked massive, easily dwarfing any other I had seen. 
A Rogue King indeed. 
It was all I could do to keep my wolf from shifting and running after him. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 98
Chapter 98 
+25 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
The week of our wedding the cherry trees were in bloom. I watched their petals drifting to the ground from the sanctuary of my private garden. I cupped the falling flowers in my hands and smelled their sweet scent. 
My mother had finally sent me a letter telling me she was safe with Sofia. She had received none of my letters and only knew the lies Zara had told her. She warned me to leave Gideon if he was mistreating me. 
So much had happened that I didn’t even know where to begin writing a response. 
I wasn’t sure myself where my feelings lay. 
Knowing more now about Gideon’s past, it was hard not to feel for him. For that young wolf who had been raised to become a leader… and a killer. 
Some of the rumors that had always swirled around the Nightwolf Alpha began to make more sense. He both was, and wasn’t, the monster others believed. The horrific massacre he had been a part of as a young adult was a 
result of his demonblood. 
The Gideon I knew, the strong leader, would never do such a thing, but if exposed to the right elements, he was a merciless demon wolf that would slaughter his loved ones in an instant. 
And I was supposed to marry him. 
That alone was enough to make anyone pause. On top of that, he allegedly had a true mate out there somewhere who could show up at any time. I was still waiting on the results of the love spell I had done to draw his mate to him, but no one else had materialized yet. 
Perhaps my spell wouldn’t work, or perhaps she was already dead. 
Now my wedding was only days away, and I was the one who was being drawn in. The tension between Gideo and I when we were together was palpable. There had been too many shared moments so far to ignore it. 
The time he had thrown me on the couch thinking I was meeting with Ryan secretly, there had been something in his eyes that had made me feel like he wanted to do so much more to me. Then, I had spent the night in the forest in his lap and kissed him while he slept. 
He had told me the most painful secret of his past, and I had held him while the ghosts of those he killed echoed around us. He had thrown his brother out of the pack because of me, and his family hated him for it. 
I could already tell, to love someone like Gideon was to repeatedly experience both pleasure and pain. I was drawn to him like a moth to a flame. 
I had promised I wouldn’t leave until after the wedding, in exchange for keeping my mother safe. If I brought her here, he would honor that promise, but could I honor mine? 
If we married, I would be bound here forever. Not because of a mating bond, but because of my duties as Luna. I would run this pack, bear Gideon children, but would he love me? 
It seemed like a lonely existence otherwise. 
1/2 
Chapter 98 
+25 Bonus 
Now my pride had me on the brink of going to him and demanding that he renounce his mate and take me instead. That would be the condition of our marriage, that he be mated to me and me alone. 
Did I dare ask for that? 
I wandered through my garden, thinking. The basin of water that reflected the full moon last week, now served as a birdbath in the orchard. I trailed my fingers through the water and watched the clouds shimmer beneath my touch. 
If Gideon was willing to mate with me, was he who I wanted? 
My body still remembered the rogue in the woods who had taken me on the Full Mating moon. I bit my lip as I remembered the way that stranger had played my body so expertly. There had been lightning between us, and he had felt it too – giving me the mark that was hidden on my neck that claimed me as his. 1 
But I had left that man, not knowing who he was, and now I was on another path. There was no way of locating him, and I wasn’t ready to live a rogue’s existence, scraping by in the wilds without the safety and security of a pack. 
I would rather leave for the southern territories and lose myself in one of the human cities before taking to the wilderness. If my mother was safe with Sofia, the enchantress who had lent me books on harnessing my magic, then there was nothing that would hold me here any longer. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 99
Chapter 99 
+25 Bonus 
Two paths lay before me. 
I dropped to my knees in the grass and dug my fingers into the dirt. 
“Moon Goddess,” I prayed, “If Gideon is who I am meant to be with, then let his be the only mark I bear. Let me have a clean slate.’ 
The breeze picked up around me, lifting my hair and kissing my cheeks. The sun was warm on my back, and the air smelled of flowers and earth. This secret garden was a paradise. 
Surely, a man who gave me all these things couldn’t be so bad? 
I rose, feeling as though the Goddess had given me her blessing. I would go to Gideon and ask him about renouncing his old mate once and for all and taking me instead. 
I left the garden and locked the gate behind me. From the top of this hill, I could see over the village below. 
There were many pack vehicles clustered around the pack house. I could see warriors swarming in and out. I hurried down, greeting those wolves I had gotten to know over the past month as I passed. 
I expected to find Gideon in his office, but to my surprise, a large number of wolves were gathered in the main entrance hall, clustered around the Alpha. I pushed my way through to the front and slid to Gideon’s side. 
He looked down at me in greeting. I didn’t think I was making up the look of fondness in his eyes. 
He seemed to remember the comfort I had offered him in his office after he had told me about losing his friends. We hadn’t talked since then, but our hands brushed together lightly as we stood, and there was familiarity in the gesture. 
Surely if we were this connected, he wouldn’t reject my request? 
But now was not the time, something was happening. 
“What’s going on?” I asked him quietly. 
“There was a group of women rescued from a rogue campsite in Silvermoon territory.” Gideon explained, “We have offered them sanctuary and the first car is arriving now.” 
The doors opened and a group entered, escorted by Quinn, one of Gideon’s lieutenants. The women were all younger, and many looked bedraggled and cold. 
“Welcome to Nightwolf.” Gideon gestured with an open palm, “There are blankets and clean clothes and food here for you. Please warm yourselves.” 
By his side I nodded my welcome, eyes sweeping over the women, some of whom were crying in relief at their 
rescue. 
“I will help arrange their accommodations,” I said to Gideon, who nodded appreciatively. 
“Thank you, Luna.” 
“Later, I was wondering if we might speak?” I asked carefully. 
1/2 
Chapter 99 
+25 Bonus 
“Of course,” Gideon replied, “I could come to your-…” He cut off abruptly, staring at something behind me. 
I turned to see a waifish young woman stumbling towards us, unsteady on bare feet. Her dress was torn and ragged, gaping away from her neck. Her wide eyes were bright and shining as she reached for Gideon. 
As she fell towards us, Gideon darted forward with a low cry. I flinched at the sound of the emotion in it. 
“No!” he gasped, catching the woman. He raised his gaze to mine, his expression full of incredulous joy. 
Gideon’s trembling hand pushed away the hair from the side of the woman’s neck, revealing the Alpha mark on her skin. It glowed under his touch. 
“My mate!” Gideon curled his body over the young woman, who clung to him immediately. He looked down into her upturned face rapturously, “I have found you at last!” 
In my chest, my heart turned to stone and plummeted to Hell. 
The nightmare of being betrayed by Ryan resurfaced with a vengeance. Here, once again, the man I thought I had a future with was choosing someone else. 
I covered my mouth to stifle a sob and stumbled backwards. The young woman’s eyes tracked me as I retreated, and her mouth curved upwards in a smile as she pulled Gideon’s face to hers and kissed him. 
I backed out of the room as tears poured from my cheeks. Pack members were turning to see their Alpha kissing the rescued woman, and then glancing at me. I couldn’t stand their stares. 
I fled. 
Gideon never once lifted his head from the new girl to watch me leave. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 100
Chapter 100 
Chapter 100 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
“Gideon, we need to talk.” I rapped on the door to his office, hearing the shuffling of papers inside. I opened the door slowly and breathed a sigh of relief as I saw that the Nightwolf Alpha was finally alone. 
I had been trying to find a time to have our serious discussion for the last two days. 
Our wedding was tomorrow, but every time I had hunted Gideon down he had been helping the recent survivors from the Rogue King’s raids, or visiting with the girl who claimed to be his fated mate. 
I hated her. 
I hated that I hated her. 
She was a victim who had done nothing wrong, yet every time she was in the room my hackles rose and I felt the urge to snap at her. I had been trying to avoid her ever since she’d arrived. 
It made me feel like a monster. This young woman had been subjected to the same abuse I had been when I was kidnapped, and she didn’t have the benefit of Gideon showing up to save her. Silvermoon pack had been the ones who had cleared out the rogue infestation and discovered these kidnapped women. 
She had been the rogues’ prisoner for weeks, it sounded like, and she was still recovering. I knew I should respect that and give her grace, but the truth was the timing was horrendous. Gideon and I were due to be married within 24 hours, and now it felt like everything was in the air once again. 
“Come in.” Gideon gestured, busily writing something in a ledger. 
I closed the door behind me and hovered, standing. 
“Sit down, Avery.” Gideon said, finally looking at me. His gaze was sharp and focused, and I hated that a par me breathed a sigh of relief at having his full attention at last. 
Every time his mate was in the room his eyes had been glued to her. It made me feel invisible. 
Despite spending so much of my life trying to be invisible, it was jarring to feel myself returning to it. I guess I had become used to this new version of me – the new Luna who was trying her best to grow. 
Now it felt very stupid that I had ever thought I would be something more than that outcast girl. I had let my dreams, and my ego, inflate. 
“Are the preparations for the wedding almost done?” Gideon asked. 
I paused, not expecting that question. 
“Are… you still intending on marrying me?” I asked, confused. 
“Of course.” Gideon said with a frown. “Why wouldn’t I?” 
“Well… your mate…” I stammered. 
Gideon raised a hand dismissively, “Deirdra is still recovering. Besides, she doesn’t have the Silvermoon bloodline. She was taken from another pack so our pact still stands.” 
1/2 
Chapter 100 
+25 Bonus 
Deirdra. She had a name. She had a former pack. She was a person. A person who had gone through a traumatic event that separated her from her true mate. 
I squeezed my eyes shut and kept telling myself that hating her wasn’t fair. It wasn’t her fault. 
When I opened my eyes, Gideon had gone back to his papers. 
“Was that all you came to ask?” He asked, moving files around. 
I wanted to scream at him to look at me. I had so many questions and no clarity. 
“I thought…” I trailed off, not able to say what I wanted to ask. 
“You thought she would become my Luna?” Gideon raised his eyebrows, “I don’t know that she’d have the aptitude for it. She is very young and she needs to heal first.” 
“Besides,” he glanced at me, “I told you that this was a marriage of convenience to fulfill the old alliance only. I already have a mate. This doesn’t change anything.” 
“Right.” I said faintly, sagging against the door. I just needed to hear one thing from his lips, “So…. your feelings for me… haven’t changed?” 
Gideon frowned, “Changed? In what way?” 
I felt tears pricking at the corners of my eyes and lowered my head so he couldn’t see. This was not the conversation I had hoped to have. 
I had thought that something more had been growing between us, but apparently I had been completely 
mistaken. 
Gideon didn’t see me that way. 
I was staring down the barrel of a loveless marriage performing the role of his Luna while his real mate enjoyed his affections and I was completely alone. 
I needed out of this room before I burst into tears. 
I turned and opened the door, ready to flee, but it closed suddenly. Gideon’s hand had shoved it closed. 
“Avery.” he was right behind me, leaning around me to close the door. I looked up into that handsome face as he prevented me from leaving. 
“Y-y-yes?” I tried to look away, to not let him see the despair in my eyes. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 101
Chapter 101 
“There is no room for emotion in what happens between an Alpha and his Luna.” Gideon said sternly, “You have given your promise. A good Luna has no room for jealousy, I admit I’m surprised.” 
Easy for him to say. This coming from the man who had been furious at me every time I got close to another man! 
Curse this hypocritical Alpha, curse my spell, curse his fated mate with terrible timing, and curse me for being stupid enough to start to fall for him! 
I could only shake my head. He seemed to take this for an agreement because he stepped away and opened the door for me. 
I fled into the hallway and back up the stairs to the living quarters. 
I was unlocking the door to my room, wiping the tears from my cheeks when I heard a soft voice behind me, 
“So you’re his Luna.” 
I turned to see the young woman who had fallen into Gideon’s arms. His mate, Dierdra. 
She was standing in the doorway of Gideon’s room, wrapped in one of his shirts. Her hair was loose and rumpled and she looked like she had just woken up. Her skin was still bruised and scraped from her ordeal. 
I hadn’t realized she had been staying in his room. 
“Yes.” I said simply. 
She walked towards me, and I forced myself not to shrink away. Dierdra’s eyes were wide and vulnerable as she approached. 
Remember, I reminded myself, she’s also strugging here. 
“Could I… ask a favor?” 
“Of course.” I bit out, hands clenching at my sides. 
The collar of Gideon’s shirt was oversized on her unbuttoned at the top, and it clearly showed the mark on her neck. I couldn’t help but stare at it. 
It reminded me of the mark I, too, wore. Those large Alpha canines were distinctive. 
The Moon Goddess had obscured mine shortly after my arrival, I had thought it had been a sign of her favor for pairing with Gideon. 
I guess I had been mistaken about the Goddess’ intentions for me. 
173 
Chapter 101 
+25 Bonus 
“I feel awkward asking this…” Dierdra rubbed at her neck in embarrassment, “but I heard that you’re the herbalist in the pack and there’s no current doctor.” 
I blinked at that. I hadn’t realized that I had supplanted Hudson so quickly, but I supposed it 
was true. 
“You see, I wasn’t expecting…” she paused awkwardly, “Well, I guess I’m trying to say that I don’t want to be expecting… not yet. Do you… have a way to help me with that?” 
I flinched. She was asking me for contraceptives. For her and Gideon. Ouch. 
“I… ah…” I could tell my face was turning red, “I can make you something…” I had a hard time meeting her eyes. Of course she and Gideon would be intimate soon, she was his mate! 
“Oh thank you!” Dierdra gushed, “We haven’t… er… not yet, but soon, I expect! Or, I don’t want to expect…” 
We stared at each other awkwardly. 
“Well…” I said. 
She laughed nervously, “Gideon said you were a gifted healer. That must be handy. We were in the woods so long I was starting to think I would die there. If we’d had someone like you, that would have been so much better.” 
I felt a guilty pang. If Gideon hadn’t saved me, I would have been trapped like she had been. It was only luck that had spared me the same fate. 
“I am not that good at it.” I confessed, “But I am trying to improve. Do you… need healing?” 
“Oh! Well…” She looked flustered, “No, I’m sure I’m ok. My wounds will heal in time. Wolves heal fast, don’t we?” 
“Here, let me try.” I offered. The least I could do would be to try and offer her some sympathy now. Worst case scenario, nothing happened. 
I reached out my hand towards her and tried to summon that feeling I’d felt in the woods with Gideon. This was the first time I’d tried it on someone since then. I felt that same warmth begin to flow from my fingers towards her. 
It was working! 
My joy at success overrode the awkwardness of the situation. I began to direct the healing towards her injuries. As I did, something strange happened. I saw the mark on her neck flicker for a second. 
“Huh, your mark…!” I said out loud. 
“What?” Dierdra slapped her hand over her neck, “Oh, no need to heal that!” 
She turned away from me quickly. 
2/3 
Chapter 101 
“Thank you! I feel much better!” She darted back towards Gideon’s room. 
“I’ll bring you that medicine tomorro-…?” But she’d already shut the door. 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
P 
U 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 102
Chapter 102 
Avery’s POV 
I barely slept that night. Something was burning in the back of my mind. 
The whole interaction with Dierdra had been…off. I rose from my bed still unable to shake the feeling that something more was going on. 
It was hard not to second-guess my intuition. Was there actually something wrong with Gideon’s mate, or did I just want that to be the case because I didn’t like her? 
Her mark had flickered under my healing… No, there had to be something there. 
I tore through the books Sofia had given me, looking for something that might give me a clue what could be causing my suspicions to flare. 
I should have been dressing for the day of my wedding. There was a family brunch in an hour, but instead, I curled up on the window seat in my room and flipped through pages desperately. 
Time was almost up when I found what I was looking for in the book titled ‘Selene the Blessed ‘. The book was a collection of myths about a woman blessed by the Moon Goddess. 
Unlike me, she was never mated, never marked by a wolf, but at one point in her legend she was brought before a Wolf King who intended to marry her against her will. 
She didn’t want to marry him, and the legend said she used a potion to create a fake mark on her neck. At the end of the story, after she escaped the Wolf King who wouldn’t take a marked bride, Selene touched the mark with her moon healing magic and it disappeared. 
I had assumed that the mark on Dierdra’s neck had flickered under my healing magic because marks were essentially unhealed wounds, but as I read further, the book explicitly stated that a true mate mark could not be removed involuntarily. 
Therefore… the mate mark on Dierdra’s neck wasn’t a true mate mark. What could it be, then? 
The legend didn’t explain exactly how Selene faked her mark, but I wondered… could there be some similar magic that Dierdra had used? 
There was a knock at my door, “Avery? Are you coming to breakfast?” 
Crap. It was Camila, Gideon’s sister. I was running late for the wedding brunch. 
“I’ll be down in a minute!” I called as I dove for the book of potions titled “Panacea Obscura”. If there was a potion that could create a mark, perhaps it was in here. 
“Ok, don’t be too slow!” Camila called, grumpily. I had caused her favorite brother to be expelled from the pack, so she had been more than a little cold towards me lately. 
I flipped through the potion grimoire in a panic. Slow minutes ticked by. I was definitely going 
to be late. 
1/3 
L 
Chapter 102 
+25 Bonus 
Finally I found it! 
There, in a section focusing on Charms and Illusions, there was a recipe for something called the ‘Indelible Brand’. I rapidly skimmed over the ingredients. Some of these were pretty hard to find. 
Had Dierdra done this to herself? Or was someone helping her? 
“Avery? Everyone’s waiting!” Camila was back, and this time sounded even more disgruntled. 
“I just split a zipper!” I said quickly, “I’m changing dresses!” 
“Ok, well hurry up!” 
I listened to her footsteps stomp back down the hall while I raced through the next few pages trying to see if… aha! There was a section on an antidote that would remove the illusion. 
I ran my finger over the lines and memorized the process. It would take a few hours to brew. 
A plan was forming in my head as I dressed quickly. I would need to buy myself some time… 
I appeared in the door of the dining room with my best apologetic smile. 
“So sorry to keep you waiting,” I said to the room full of guests. I saw Gideon seated at the head of the table and forced myself to keep smiling as my eyes skimmed over Dierdra by his 
side. 
Your time is coming, I thought to myself while giving her a gracious nod on my way to my seat on Gideon’s other side. 
“You look…” Gideon paused, searching my face,…better. You had me concerned last night.” 
I gave him a smile, “Oh, must have been wedding nerves.” I waved my hand as though it was of no consequence. 
His jaw clenched and he seemed unconvinced. 
Dierdra swiveled her head towards our conversation, “Oh, but isn’t this wedding just a formality? Gideon made it seem like…” she trailed off delicately and I raised my eyebrows at 
her. 
“Like…?” I pressed. 
“Well, it’s not a real marriage, you’re just marrying for the pack alliance, right?” Her expression was all innocence. 
“That’s an interesting take,” I murmured, looking between her and Gideon, “I suppose if I was just an imposter, I wouldn’t feel much at all. 
2/3 
Chapter 102 
D 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 103
Chapter 103 
Dierdra paled slightly at my ambiguous words. 
“However, because of my respect for Gideon and our… working relationship… this does mean something to me.” I kept my head high, sensing Gideon and the other guests watching our conversation. 
“Of course, as his true mate, you would have a different point of view.” I gave her a wide smile and watched her eyes fall away from my stare. Two can play this game, bitch. 
Gideon stared at me for a long moment, then turned to eating his food. 
The minute the luncheon was over, I made an excuse about getting ready for that evening’s ceremony and dashed away. There wasn’t much time, but I had to try and get the antidote ready. 
If I could reveal Dierdra as the fake she was, then Gideon would know she was an imposter. 
Unfortunately, if I went to Gideon without proof, he would likely think I was just acting out of jealousy. I had to get him to listen to me and use the antidote on Dierdra to reveal that her mark was false. 
I worked all day but the potion still wasn’t ready when the sun began to set and the wedding bells began to toll in the village. The ceremony was due to start shortly! 
I swore and turned the flame down on my stove. I wasn’t quite finished, but my time was up. 
I arrived in my room just as Camila and Gideon’s mother arrived to dress me. The whole time they were doing my hair and makeup I stared at the clock in the mirror and did calculations in my head for when the antidote would be finished. 
“You look lovely, dear.” Gianna, Gideon’s mother, patted the last curl on my head. 
I rose from the chair and briefly took in my reflection, but my mind was elsewhere. 
“Don’t worry,” Camila mistook my distraction for nerves, “The ceremony is short. Have you thought about what you will ask for?” 
“Ask for?” I turned to face her, confused. 
“Oh, as the bride, you get to ask the Alpha for one request.” She said. “It’s tradition.” 
Perfect. I already knew what I would ask. 
The ceremony hall was bedecked with the cherry boughs I had gathered over the last few days. I was touched to see that many of the villagers had put care into decorating the tables and walls. That was kind, especially when everyone seemed to know this was an arranged marriage only. 
My mother was there in the front row. I embraced her quickly as I headed for the wedding arch 
1.3 
Chapter 103 
+25 Bonus 
where Gideon stood waiting. 
“Are you sure, my daughter?” she whispered to me, and I could only nod and squeeze her hands. There was nothing to be said. The note I slipped into her fingers as we embraced said it 
all. 
Gideon’s father was conducting the ceremony. He took my hand and placed it on top of my soon-to-be husband’s. 
Touching Gideon was like touching a live wire. A jolt of energy leaped between us and I gasped and pulled back. 
Gideon mistook my flinch for refusal and leaned close to say in a cold voice for my ears alone, “You put on a good act earlier, but I can see through you. If you won’t go through with this, I’m sure Dierdra would be more than happy to take your place.” 
I stared at Gideon as emotions raced through me. I should hate him for making me go through this with him at all, but… all I could think while looking at him was that he was so handsome. 
In spite of everything, he was a good man, and he deserved someone who genuinely cared about him. 
In that moment, I knew I couldn’t let that imposter marry him in my place. 
I put my hand back on top of his and nodded to his father to continue. The ceremony resumed as Gideon’s father intoned the sacred lines by which wolves for millennia have sealed their commitments, ending with, 
“By tooth, claw, this ring, and the wolf within my soul, I bind myself to thee til death do us part.” 
I repeated the words, my eyes locked on Gideon’s steely gaze as we slid our wedding bands onto each other’s fingers. And then it was done. 
We were married, without even so much as a kiss to seal the pact. 
We stepped down off the podium as the villagers clapped politely. 
Gideon went to rejoin Dierdra, but I grabbed his arm. 
“My request…” I said loudly. A murmur went up around the room as Gideon turned back towards me with an intense look, “is that you spend our wedding night with me.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 104
Chapter 104 
Avery’s POV 
As night fell, I prepared. 
I stoppered the bottle that contained the magical antidote and secured it in my cleavage. 
I had chosen my outfit with care. I needed to look like a woman on her way to her wedding night. It was shorter at both ends than I’d usually choose, but looking in the mirror, I had to admit it suited me. 
The dark colors offset my hair and eyes, while the tailoring showed my curves to advantage. I looked like a woman in control of her future, for once. Sexy, alluring, powerful. 
How ironic that I should appear as a true Luna should on the night of my sham wedding. 
From across the hall, I heard raised voices. It appeared my request was not going over well with Gideon’s ‘true mate’. I grinned at my reflection in the lamplight. It felt good to be the person pulling the strings for once. 
This was the time of the dark moon, a time of new beginnings and washing away the old. It was time for me to make things happen on my own time. 
First, I had a husband to seduce. 
I heard a door slam and opened mine in time to see Dierdra stomping down the hall, carrying a blanket. She looked put out. 
“He keeps his word.” I called after her. She stopped and spun to face me. 
“What did you say?” She snapped angrily. 
“Gideon is a good man.” I said, “He deserves someone who is honest with him in return.” 
“Listen, bitch…” She hissed, “You might get one night, and you might get the ring on your 
finger, but this mark means he belongs to me.” Dierdra pointed at the bite on her neck. “Stay 
in your lane and maybe I’ll let you remain when I’m Luna.” 
Her true nature was showing, but I just dropped my eyes in a show of submission. “Of course.” I nodded, “Thank you.” 
Taken aback by my meekness, Dierdra sniffed. “I guess I can share him for one night. Good luck if you get pregnant. I hope you made more of that medicine for yourself.” 
“I’ll have Gideon deliver your dose to you tomorrow,” I called. She spun on her heel and disappeared down the hall as I knocked on Gideon’s bedroom door. 
“Come in.” came his gruff voice. 
I opened the door and entered, then carefully locked it behind me. 
1/3 
Chapter 104 
+25 Bonus 
We could not be disturbed. 
When I looked up, my breath was stolen from my lungs by the sight. 
Gideon was leaning against the windowsill at the far side of the room. He was still wearing the dress shirt and slacks he’d worn at our wedding a few hours prior. He’d undone his tie which now dangled loosely across his shoulders and the top few buttons of his shirt were unbuttoned. 
He was ridiculously good looking. 
He looked stressed as I entered though, running his hands through his hair as he stared at the floor. When he raised his eyes to look at me, I saw them widen in surprise. 
Good, that was the reaction I was going for. 
“Avery.” He said in a low, hollow voice. The look he gave me broke my heart. He looked sad, and… hungry. 
The way he looked at me made me feel like I was a feast laid out for him. I paused in the middle of his room and we just stared at each other. His gaze raked me up and down. 
“I didn’t expect…” he said, voice husky. 
“What?” I advanced on him slowly. 
“I didn’t think you would want something like this.” His eyes were fixed on my body as I swayed towards him. “I didn’t imagine…” 
I stopped, the flames from the fireplace silhouetting my curves with flame and shadow. 
“You didn’t imagine me like this?” 
He glanced away for a moment, then back to me with a quirk of a smirk, “My imagination is woefully uninspired, I see.” There was a stretch of silence, then, “You always look lovely, but this is something else.” 
The way my heart panged at those words! 
I shook away the intrusive feeling. I needed to focus on my goal. 
I donned a sultry smile that I had practiced in the mirror and reached out both hands to grasp the tie that dangled around his neck. 
“Tell me.” He grabbed my wrists gently. 
“Tell you what?” I breathed as that electric pulse once again flowed into me from his touch. 
“Why did you want this night? What do you want from me?” Gideon’s eyes searched I didn’t think you wanted a relationship like this..” 
my 
face. 
It hurt my heart that he had actually been listening to what I had told him I needed. Now I had 
2/3 
Chapter 104 
+25 Bonus 
to pretend like none of that mattered… 
“Let’s not talk about that.” Slowly, I stepped backwards, drawing him towards me with his tie around his neck. “Let’s not talk at all.” 1 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 105
Chapter 105 
Gideon looked uncertain. Nevertheless, he followed as I tugged us both towards his bed. When my calves hit the edge I laid back on the mattress and pulled him down on top of me. 
Despite my courage, my heart was racing a million beats a minute being in this position with him on top of me. His large frame dwarfed mine, though he was being careful not to crush me. 
“Avery…” He looked like he was going to ask me something else. I couldn’t take any more of his insightful questions. I yanked on his tie and pulled his face to mine, shutting him up with a 
kiss. 
Gideon’s body froze as my lips touched his. I stared into his eyes, which were wide with confusion and shock. Tentatively, I flicked my tongue across his lips. 
Gideon groaned, and then his mouth was opening against mine, his lips claiming my kiss. His tongue caressed mine greedily as his palm slid up under my skirt and along my thigh to grasp my hip. 
I arched into him greedily, feeling the hard edges of him pressing into my softness. Where he touched, my body came alive. As his mouth worked down my neck I buried my face in his hair and inhaled his scent. 
Not since that night of my heat had I smelled someone this good. Resinous and intoxicating. 
His lips dipped lower, brushing against the soft, sensitive skin just above my neckline and I startled as I remembered what was hidden within that fabric. 
“Let me be on top.” I whispered in a panic. 
With a husky growl, Gideon obliged, grabbing my waist and rolling beneath me so that I was straddling him. I bit back my own moan as the most delicate parts of me rubbed against him through our clothing. He felt amazing beneath me. It was hard not to get distracted. 
His tie was still in my hand, and it gave me an idea. I leaned down to kiss him again, while I grabbed his wrists and pushed them above his head. 
“Avery.” Gideon’s growl against my mouth was a warning, but I gave my own snarl back. 
“Mine for tonight, remember?” I flashed my teeth and nipped at his lips. 
The glare he gave me was all heat, but he let me wind the tie around his wrists and knot his hands to the bedframe. 
When it was done, I sat back on my heels and admired my handiwork. 
Gideon watched me, chest heaving as he strained experimentally at the bonds. I didn’t fool myself that they would hold him for more than a minute, but that was all I needed. 
I fished into my bodice and pulled out the vial of antidote I had brewed up earlier. 
1/2 
Chapter 105 
+25 Bonus 
“What are you doing?” He stared at the potion in my hand. 
“Just listen.” I touched the pad of one finger to his lips, and ground my hips against his until he shut his mouth with a snap. 
“Dierdra is not your true mate.” 
Gideon opened his mouth, “I knew you were jeala-” 
I placed my palm across his words, muffling them. 
“The mark she wears on her neck is false. This is the antidote that will reveal it. She asked me to brew her a contraceptive. Tell her tomorrow that this is the medicine I made for her, and when she drinks it, her mark will disappear.” 
Gideon’s stormy eyes stared at me with disbelief and anger, but he was listening. I could feel the tension in every muscle beneath me. He twisted his head away from my hand and said coldly, “While impressive, this ruse is unnecessary. You already have status and power as Luna, more than most ever hope for. I respect the passion behind your actions, but using it in this way disappoints me. 
His words were a stab to my heart. He thought I was doing this out of petty jealousy and revenge? He would rather that I pretend everything was ok and let the deceptive Dierdra remain in his heart and his bed? 
“I never cared about being your Luna.” Tears came to my eyes as I spoke and I blinked them away angrily, “You’re right, this is not the relationship I want with you. We may have other people in our past, but it’s the future that I want to have together.” 
Gideon’s eyes widened in surprise as I spoke. 
“I promised you I would stay for the wedding. I have kept my promise, but I cannot stay any longer.” I pulled my hand away from his mouth and slid off of the bed. Irate, he began to tug at the bindings as I backed away off of him, growling as he did. I had very little time before he would break free. 
I placed the antidote vial on the bedside table and darted for the door. 
“I’m sorry. Don’t look for me. 
And then I disappeared into the night. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
X 
Chapter 105 
+25 Bonus 
“What are you doing?” He stared at the potion in my hand. 
“Just listen.” I touched the pad of one finger to his lips, and ground my hips against his until he shut his mouth with a snap. 
“Dierdra is not your true mate.” 
Gideon opened his mouth, “I knew you were jealo-” 
I placed my palm across his words, muffling them. 
“The mark she wears on her neck is false. This is the antidote that will reveal it. She asked me to brew her a contraceptive. Tell her tomorrow that this is the medicine I made for her, and when she drinks it, her mark will disappear.” 
Gideon’s stormy eyes stared at me with disbelief and anger, but he was listening. I could feel the tension in every muscle beneath me. He twisted his head away from my hand and said coldly, “While impressive, this ruse is unnecessary. You already have status and power as Luna, more than most ever hope for. I respect the passion behind your actions, but using it in this way disappoints me.” 
His words were a stab to my heart. He thought I was doing this out of petty jealousy and revenge? He would rather that I pretend everything was ok and let the deceptive Dierdra remain in his heart and his bed? 
“I never cared about being your Luna.” Tears came to my eyes as I spoke and I blinked them away angrily, “You’re right, this is not the relationship I want with you. We may have other people in our past, but it’s the future that I want to have together.” 
Gideon’s eyes widened in surprise as I spoke. 
“I promised you I would stay for the wedding. I have kept my promise, but I cannot stay any longer.” I pulled my hand away from his mouth and slid off of the bed. Irate, he began to tug at the bindings as I backed away off of him, growling as he did. I had very little time before he would break free. 
I placed the antidote vial on the bedside table and darted for the door. 
“I’m sorry. Don’t look for me.” 
And then I disappeared into the night. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 106
Chapter 106 
Gideon’s POV 
I should have felt deliriously happy at finding my true mate, and for day or so, I was. But somehow when I embraced Dierdra, it didn’t feel right. 
When I kissed her, I found myself comparing it to the Full Mating Moon with the girl in the woods. That night had been electric and life-changing, yet our kisses now had none of that chemistry. 
I had been hunting for this woman for weeks, thinking she was the other half of my soul, but when I was with her my thoughts were elsewhere When I embraced her, Dierdra didn’t fit against me the way that girl had. 
If it wasn’t for my bite mark on her, I would have thought she was a stranger. 
I had expected that, when I found my mate again, we would fall easily into that intoxicating mating rush and I would receive her mark in return. However, although Dierdra tried to initiate more sexual contact, I found myself pulling away. My body didn’t respond to her touches, so I made excuses for why I needed to be elsewhere when she was in my room. 
Even more frustrating, I knew where my mind and body wanted to be, and it wasn’t with my 
true mate. 
It was with my soon-to-be bride and Luna, Avery 
Every time I was with Dierdra, it was Avery in my thoughts. It was her face that swam before me when I closed my eyes. Her shy smile and bright eyes. The chin lift she did when she was talking back… 
Standing on the marriage podium with Avery, all I could think was that I needed this. I needed her. I would do anything to keep her. Anything to make her stay. 
“You put on a good act earlier, but I can see through you. If you won’t go through with this, I’m sure Dierdra would be more than happy to take your place.” I said the one thing I could think of that would make her stay. It was cruel, but effective. 
I had seen the hurt in her eyes when she’d visited my office. I knew she’d wanted to talk to me before Dierdra arrived, but the chaos of her arrival had kept us from meeting. 
I still had no idea what it was she’d wanted to say! 
I knew that she wanted more from me than the tile of Luna. She’d made that clear. It was part of why I’d agreed to tell her about my past. Reliving those memories of the massacre was terrible, but she needed to know what sort of man she was choosing. 
I had thought she’d run, instead she’d embraced me. No one had ever sought to comfort me like that. Her touch had been a balm to a wound on my heart I hadn’t known I’d still carried. 
1/2 
Chapter 106 
+25 Bonus 
But she deserved better than me. I was the homicidal Alpha that other packs feared. I was the demonblooded wolf who would kill without warning. 
And I had a mate who I had marked, and who was my responsibility. Dierdra had been badly treated by her captors, and I refused to be another man who brought her misery. 
When Avery requested that we spend our wedding night together, I felt my heart leap. The pull to be by her side was so strong it had taken all of my willpower to quell it. Now I was obligated to spend the night with her, and as Alpha and her husband, I would honor her request. 
Dierdra was furious. 
The side of her that came out after learning of Avery’s request was ugly and unexpected. For the first time, I thanked those ancient agreements that required my bride be of Silvermoon blood, as it gave me reason to enforce my marriage to Avery. 
I tried reasoning with her about how Avery must feel, being Luna without being my mate, but she wouldn’t hear it. 
“You just want to keep me as your hidden mate! You’re no better than those rogues in the forest for marking me and refusing to make me your Luna!” 
Dierdra stormed out of my room and told me she would stay in the village until further notice. Once our wedding night was over, I would need to go make my amends to her as well. My stomach sank at the prospect. 
And then Avery arrived. 
The moment she stepped into my room and quietly locked the door behind her, she stole my breath away. 
The shy, meek girl who had first climbed into my car after the Silvermoon Mating Ball was gone. The woman who was prowling across my room towards me was confident, proud, and very sure of what she wanted. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 107
Chapter 107 
She had my full attention. 
Every fiber of my being yearned to stride across the room, take her in my arms, and make her mine forever. Dierdra be damned. 
But was that what Avery wanted? 
Here in this room, with the firelight playing across her body in that stunning outfit, every last one of the barriers against us being together was rapidly melting away. 
“Avery.” I felt like a drowning man reaching for a rope as her name fell from my lips. “I didn’t expect…” I fumbled for the right words. 
“I didn’t think you would want…” Me, is what I was thinking, but instead I said, “…something like this. I didn’t imagine…” that she would be willing to compromise her ideals to be with me. 
“You didn’t imagine me like this?” she asked with a small flirtatious smile that made my pulse skip a beat. 
Shamefully, I had imagined her in many ways over the last few weeks. Imagined what she would feel like against me, under me, in my bed. 
The reality of her blew away those daydreams easily. 
“My imagination is woefully uninspired, I see.” The truth was all I could utter, “You always look lovely, but this is something else.” 
She gave me a smile that was pure sin and stretched out her hands to grab at my tie. My heartbeat was a hammer in my chest. Were we really doing this? 
“Tell me.” I demanded. 
I needed to know that she really wanted this. That she really wanted me. 
L 
Because I had never wanted her so badly. 
She drew me towards the bed and pulled me down. Underneath me she felt perfect. When her lips found mine I finally felt that high voltage contact I had been craving. I wanted to devour her then and there. 
My wolf’s desire flowed through my blood, urging me to wrap her around me and plunge myself into her sweet body. Holding myself back took all my strength, but I didn’t want to scare her. 
I kissed down her neck towards the sweet spot where I would make my mark. Breathily she stopped me, 
“Let me be on top.” 
1/2 
Chapter 107 
+25 Bonus 
Looking up at her as she straddled me was exquisite agony. She was so beautiful. I wanted to run my hands along her curves for the rest of the night and make her scream my name in pleasure. 
When she tugged my hands away, I snarled like a wolf whose prey has escaped. 
So, my little minx had a plan. I could indulge… for now. 
It was her wedding night. Her pace. Her choosing. When she was done with this little game, the wolf would have his turn to play. And oh, what fun we would have… 
Then she pulled that vial from her cleavage and everything came to a screeching halt. 
“Dierdra is not your true mate.” Her words exploded like a bomb going off. 
So, she was still jealous, I was surprised that Avery would go to this length to try and sabotage my mate. I delivered my rebuke sternly. 
“While impressive, this ruse is unnecessary. You already have status and power as Luna, more than most ever hope for. I respect the passion behind your actions, but using it in this way disappoints me.” 
“I never cared about being your Luna.” Avery was still speaking, tears in her eyes, “I promised you I would stay for the wedding. I have kept my promise, but I cannot stay any longer.” 
Why did her words cause so much panic and pain within me? No! She wasn’t allowed to leave! 
I fought against the bindings, tried to call her back. She had bound me but that would not hold me for long. Once I was free I would find her and make her mine for good. 
“I’m sorry. Don’t look for me.” Avery sobbed as she closed and locked my bedroom door. I heard her feet pounding down the hall as she escaped into the night. 
Feeling her depart from me was like someone had tied a leash around my heart and was dragging it out of my body. It was a physical sundering that tore at my very soul. 
I shifted into my wolf form and began to shred at the fabric holding me. 
I could hear her footsteps pounding down the stairs and heard a door slam. 
Then she was gone. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 108
Chapter 108 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon’s words echoed in my ears as I fled the Nightwolf estate. Insufferable Alpha! 
It hurt so much that he could shove me away at the same time as he embraced that snake, Dierdra. She was out for her own good, I was certain of it. I thought of the smug way in which she had told me she would allow me my wedding night and then Gideon would be hers. 
The confidence she had in being able to take Gideon from me had shaken me. For a brief moment in his room, I had thought that we had shared a true connection. Our bodies had fit together so well, and it had been electric being against him, feeling his every breath and every 
movement. 
There had been a part of my heart that had felt so reassured in sharing a bed with Gideon. A small part of my soul that had breathed easy in sharing space with him and feeling his lips on 
mine. 
What did it all mean now? The fragile thing that had been building between us had shattered. I could tell he only thought I had given him the antidote to undermine his true mate. 
He would never believe me about her now. There was nothing left for me here. I had done my best, and I had kept my promise to stay until the wedding. 
Now I would collect my mother and leave. We would flee to the human world. 
I set my steps towards the parking lot where the communal pack cars were kept. There was a box of keys that anyone who was in the pack could sign out and take and use. It wasn’t hard to find a nice SUV that would do for the short drive north to Sofia’s. 
I hoped that the enchantress wouldn’t be too angry at me arriving out of nowhere in the middle of the night. Hopefully I would still be able to find her place. Last time there had been an enchantment that had kept the other warriors in Gideon’s pack from finding it. 
I drove through the night, shivering with the adrenaline still running through my veins from my encounter with Gideon. There was another feeling as well, a sense of disappointment. My body had been ready for him, and now that energy was draining away, leaving me feeling spent and empty. 
It had been a little over a month since my first mating heat in the woods. Since that time, there had been no one who had touched me the way that mystery man had. Being with Gideon on our wedding night had reawakened those urges, and I found that I felt agitated as I drove. 
I breathed a sigh as Sofia’s house emerged out of the darkness. Whatever spell she used to hide this place must have allowed me through. I was grateful to be given access. 
I parked the car in the gravel outside of her cottage and saw her silhouette appear in the door by the time I stepped out of the car. 
1/2 
– ?   
+25 Bonus 
“Avery, child. What brings you to my home? Have you changed your mind about joining me as my apprentice?” Sofia chuckled, and she looked so hopeful I felt a twinge of guilt for not bringing her the news she clearly hoped for. 
“Good, evening, Sofia.” I greeted politely. It was always a good policy to be on good terms with anyone who could wield mysterious power. I was hoping to speak with my mother.” 
“Come in, come in.” Sofia beckoned me into her home and through to the kitchen where a cozy fire was burning in the hearth and a fat orange tomcat was warming himself on the 
stones. 
“Well, now.” The enchantress murmured as she poured us each a cup of tea from a steaming kettle, “Your mother, you say?” 
“Yes,” I nodded, “I saw her at my wedding earlier today and was hoping to talk to her. Would you mind telling her that I’m here?” 
“Congratulations on your wedding.” Sofia peered at me over the top of her spectacles, “That explains the get-up.” She clucked her tongue, “Not exactly the sort of outfit one puts on for an evening drive to an old woman’s house.” She looked over my somewhat revealing clothing. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
D 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
X 
GET IT 
282 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 109
Chapter 109 
“Are things not going well with the new husband?” She asked curiously. 
I sighed inwardly and braced myself to answer her curious questions. “Not really. We had a… disagreement.” 
Sofia nodded in understanding. “Men are so much work, I find I don’t have time for them often, myself.” 
“Please.” I pleaded, “I just need to talk to my mother and then we can get going.” 
Sofia stirred her tea with a spoon slowly, “Well, my dear, I would love to help, but you see, your mother isn’t here.” 
I gaped at her, “What do you mean? She left immediately following the wedding.” 
“I’m sure she did, as she did stop by here briefly. Then she received a message and packed and left. She said she had been summoned back to Silvermoon, and that it had something to do with you. I assumed you were the one who called her?” 
My heart was racing, “I was not.” 
“Oh,” Sofia frowned, “Oh dear. Well, that does complicate things.” 
I rose from the table in haste. “Thank you for the tea, but if my mother has gone back to Silvermoon Pack, I need to go find her.” 
“Of course, of course.” Sofia smiled and walked me to the door. As I stepped through, I turned to ask her one more question. 
“Did you see who brought her the message?”. 
“Oh, there’s not much that goes on around here that I don’t see!” Sofia laughed. “It was a young woman, maybe a little younger than you. In fact, you look a bit alike, now that I think about it.” 
Zara. It had to be. 
I thanked Sofia and climbed back into the SUV. For a moment, I sat, thinking. If Zara had collected my mother, then I had to go find her immediately. It had become clear that my mother was no longer safe in Zara’s hands. 
I was surprised she had gone with her, but I was well acquainted with Zara’s ability to lie about anything. Knowing my mother, she only had to say that she was taking her to me, that I needed her, and my mother would have gone. 
Cursing into the night, I tore out of the driveway and turned my headlights towards the road that ran into Silvermoon territory. 
As the trees whipped by, I just hoped that I wasn’t too late to catch them, but I passed no 
1/2 
Chapter 109 
other vehicles on the road. Nor any cars coming from Nightwolf. I guess Gideon wasn’t interested in bringing me back. 
+25 Bonus 
I parked in the darkness outside the Silvermoon pack house. Nostalgia reminded me of the other times Ryan and I had come here after hours to hang out. Those times were gone now. 
I pushed open the large wooden door and looked around the empty foyer. There was a light on in a room at the far end of the pack offices. I headed that way on instinct. 
When I looked inside the room, I saw Zara, sitting in a tall-backed chair in front of a fire. She turned with a wide smile as I stepped inside.. 
“Hello, sister,” She said with a sneer, “So nice of you to join us.” 
“I’m here for my mother.” I said angrily, “You had no right to take her.” 
“Oh silly, Avery. Always going on about what’s allowed.” Zara laughed with a shake of her head, “When will you learn?” 
I paused, warily. “Learn what?” 
“That we make the rules now.” Zara made a motion with her hand and I heard the door close behind me. When I turned, I saw the one-eyed man from my dream standing in front of the closed door. 
He saw me staring at him and smiled a handsome smile that somehow had no kindness in it. 
“Hello Avery. So nice to meet you in person.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
122 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 110
Chapter 110 
Avery’s POV 
“You!” I stared, shocked at the man from my dream about being tangled in vines. I could still viscerally remember the feeling of his lips on mine as he’d stolen that kiss and left me to struggle. 
My eyes darted from him to the door behind him. As I watched, the one-eyed man reached down and turned the bolt in the lock. My heart raced. 
I had thought I would go to Silvermoon, confront Zara, find my mother and leave. Now it appeared that was going to be more difficult than I first imagined. 
“What have you done with my mother?” I demanded, whirling back to face Zara. With the fire behind her, her face was sinisterly backlit, with only her red lips gleaming from the shadows. 
“Don’t worry your empty little head about that.” Zara shrugged, “So long as you behave, your mother will be fine.” 
Behave? What did they have in mind? 
On instinct I hugged my arms around myself. I already knew how cruel Zara could be, and I didn’t know this other guy at all. The way he moved was predatory, and I already knew from our shared dream that he didn’t give a crap about respecting personal boundaries. 
I heard the man take a step closer and whirled to face him. 
“S-stay over there.” I commanded, “Who are you, anyways?” 
The man smiled that mirthless smile again. I could see the skin under his eye patch wrinkling as he grinned. 
“You can call me the Rogue King.” He gave a sketchy bow. 
The Rogue KING? Had I heard correctly? I gaped at him. 
“You control… all the rogues who have been attacking?” I stammered. To think that Gideon had been trying to stomp out the various rogue incursions that had been popping up across Nightwolf territory, and this man… had been coordinating it all? 
“That’s right.” the Rogue King paced closer, ignoring my invective to stay back. “You’ve already seen that the packs are helpless to protect their own territory, yes?” 
I stared at him, wide-eyed, as I remembered more about what had been happening. This man had been kidnapping women and girls! 
“Pack hierarchy is useless against those who are determined to build a better world.” 
“A… b-better world?” I blurted out, confused, “What do you mean?” 
1/3 
Chapter 110 
+25 Bonus 
“Think about it.” The Rogue King moved closer again, pulling an armchair closer to the fire and gesturing to me to sit in it. I didn’t move. 
“Can you genuinely think of a time when pack lealership made your life better?” He tilted his head at me, “Most Alphas and Lunas only care about securing their own power and right to rule. Take your Gideon for example. He doesn’t actually care about YOU, does he?” 
The barb was simple, and it had an impact. I looked away quickly to try and hide the expression on my face. My mouth twisted bitterly. 
It was true, based on his recent actions alone, Gideon didn’t truly care about me as a person. He only wanted me to secure his title as Alpha! 
The Rogue King moved to observe my expression, then reached out and gently lifted my chin. When he spoke, false sympathy streaked through his words. 
“Ah, I see you know all too well what I mean. They use others, and throw them away like they are disposable.” 
Tears burned in the corners of my eyes, “What do you want?” I whispered. 
“I want to tear it all down.” The Rogue King’s voice grew strident, and he pushed me backwards until I fell into the armchair he’d pulled up. “And you will be my secret weapon to do so.” 
“Why would you think I would help you?” I asked, incredulously, “My life may not have been easy in the pack,” my eyes darted to Zara who ignored my pointed glare and examined her nails, “but tearing it down would just mean there are more wolves out in the wilds, helpless!” 
“Isn’t that how wolves were created to live? In the wild?” The Rogue King leaned on the arms of my chair, his face close to mine, “The packs restrict us, keep us weak. They tell us theirs is the only way because that’s what suits them. Without our strength, they are nothing, and you, my lovely Avery, are so strong.” 
“I am?” I squeaked, confused again, “Why me?” 
“You are the Moon Goddess Heir.” The Rogue King said with satisfaction, “You are the key to overturning the werewolf packs, once you bear me an heir.” 
I leaned back away from him at that, “Mate with you?” I said, shocked, “I don’t even know you!” 
“It won’t matter once you’re in your mating heat” he laughed, “Though I do hope that you will come to know me better, in time.” 
“I refuse.” 
I tried to rise from the chair, but the Rogue King grabbed my shoulders and whirled me around. I felt a sharp jab in my neck and saw the one-eyed rogue’s hand come away holding a syringe. 
2/3 
Chapter 110 
+25 Bonus 
“I’m afraid that’s not an option.” He hissed in my ear, then released me. I stumbled back, holding my hand to my neck. My fingers came away with a tiny bit of blood. 
“What did you inject me with?” I demanded, furious. 
“Oh, just a little something I came up with in the woods.” The Rogue King grinned that nasty grin and reached for me. I tried to backpedal but my movements felt uncoordinated and weak. 
Whatever he had injected me with was working quickly. 
My spine straightened as I felt that rush come over me that I had felt when I was in the woods on the Full Mating Moon. That delicious heat that started in my core and swept down my limbs like hot honey. 
I groaned through gritted teeth. 
“Don’t fight it.” Zara hissed, rising from her chair and coming closer, “You should be grateful. Do you think that Gideon wouldn’t do the same if he knew what you were? I didn’t want to believe it- who knows what the Moon Goddess sees in you.” Jealousy contorted her face into an ugly mask that swam before my eyes in wavering lines. 
“Get away from me.” I moaned, even as I fell to my knees. My neck was growing hot. My fingers slid to the mark on my neck. It felt like it was burning. 
Both the Rogue King and Zara were staring at the mark on my neck. 
“Is this… your mark?” I asked, confused. My head felt light and I inhaled deeply through my nose as I felt dizzy. 
As undesirable as it would be, perhaps this man was the rogue I had met in the forest that night. He was strongly built, and he certainly had the air of an Alpha. 
But the scent that filled my senses as he gathered me into his arms was nothing like delicious scent from that night. This man smelled like blood and gunpowder. 
I shoved him away as hard as I could, and felt strength from my mark flood through my 
The Rogue King stumbled back, knocking Zara to the floor. They both stared at me with ope mouths. 
“Why didn’t you tell me she was already marked? The Rogue King growled. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
日 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
GET IT 
3:3 
Chapter 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 111
Chapter 111 
Avery’s POV 
“Why didn’t you tell me she was already marked? The Rogue King growled, and he backhanded Zara with a loud crack that left her knocked on the floor, holding her cheek in her hand. 
“Foolish woman, wasting my time.” He cursed at her, leaning over her to make her look at him. “If she’s marked, that makes everything so much harder. Someone else could already have bred on her! The Moon Goddess heir will be incredibly powerful!” 
I blinked at their figures blearily. Gotta love when people are talking about getting you pregnant like you’re some brood mare. The whole situation was super fucked. 
I didn’t really understand what the myth of the Moon Goddess Heir was supposed to do. None of the reading I had done so far had mentioned anything about bearing a child. 
I didn’t know how to feel about the idea of children. My own childhood had been so messed up, but my mother had loved me, I knew that. If I had a child, I would love them unconditionally as well. 
But right now, none of the men in my life were worth having children with! Gideon didn’t value me as a partner, and this Rogue King, or whoever he was, had some seriously fucked delusions of grandeur… 
“Her mark had disappeared!” Zara yelled back at him, scrambling to her feet, “You never said it was important one way or another, and if you wanted me to look out for your precious plan, then you should have said so!” 
As they continued to yell at each other I slowly pushed myself back across the floor until my back hit the wall, and I pushed myself up. 
“Whose mark is it?” The Rogue King demanded. 
. “I don’t know! I don’t think she knows!” Zara pointed a shaky finger at me, and both turned 
to look at me. 
Whatever the mark was doing to me, it was lending me strength that was counteracting the substance the Rogue King had injected me with. I felt vitality flow through me, though I was not sure what had triggered it. 
Was this the Moon Goddess’ blessing? Or something else? 
I supposed in the moment, it didn’t matter. I needed to get out of here. They were both looking at me with angry expressions that didn’t bode well for my future. Whatever their plans were, I wasn’t staying here to get bred to some one-eyed rogue with a penchant for anarchy! 
I took a running leap towards the door, throwing the bolt as the Rogue King shouted, “Get 
1:3 
Chapter in 
+25 Bonus 
her!” and darted out into the dark. 
Footsteps pounded behind me as I flew through the pack house, clumsily bumping off furniture. I was almost to the front door when I felt fingers grasping at my dress, and I spun to shake them off, shoving Zara into a nearby wall. 
The one-eyed rogue had put himself between me and the front door, but I bet I knew this house better than he did, and I knew that there was a back door that most pack members used for unofficial business. I whirled and ran for it. 
I heard them yelling behind me, but the mark was continuing to burn on my neck, filling me with energy and purpose. I slammed into the back door and spilled out into the path that ran behind the pack house. 
“Come back, Avery!” Zara called from the porch behind me, “You will never survive out there alone.” 
“I’ll go get her.” The Rogue King swore, “You stay here and make sure that her mother is where we need her to be.” 
I wanted to listen to more of their plans, but I heard the one-eyed rogue’s boots heavy on the porch stairs and took off into the woods instead. 
I wondered why Zara didn’t summon the rest of the pack? Surely there were some Silvermoon warriors posted nearby for security? 
I knew that Gideon had spoken disparagingly of Silvermoon’s defenses, and clearly they weren’t that great if they were letting rogues walk around the pack land without challenge, but I also wondered if they were trying to keep his presence a secret? 
Or mine? 
I turned my feet towards the path that ran towards the pack gathering hall. I was taking a gamble, because if there were other wolves there they might be on Zara’s side and I would just be trapping myself further. 
But something told me that she didn’t want that attention, so if I could find someone who would be willing to help me get away, I could… 
…I could what? 
The thought almost stopped me cold as I ran. I still had no idea where my mother was, and Zara and the Rogue King were the key to finding that out. Even if I escaped and made my way to the human lands as I’d planned, she would still be here in their clutches! 
I needed to find a way to get them to tell me where my mother was before I could effect an escape. Just thinking about her being punished on my behalf made my blood run hot. She had suffered enough in her life for me to be the cause of further pain. 
Which meant that running away might actually not be that helpful to my goals right now. Not 
25 
Chapter II) 
+25 Bonus 
if it meant I was abandoning my mother. 
I clenched my fists and my footsteps slowed. I heard the Rogue King coming up behind me, and he slowed as well. 
“Thinking it over, are you?” he taunted, “It all makes sense if you think about it.” 
I whirled to face him, being careful to keep backing down the path as he advanced. “You’re not the mastermind you think you are.” I said haughtily back, “If you’re so powerful, why are you kidnapping mothers and daughters? I think you’re weak and pathetic.” I spat on the ground. 
“Oh you think that, do you?” The Rogue King glared, prowling forward, “I’d be happy to give you a demonstration of my power…” He leapt across the grass towards me and I shrieked and turned to sprint towards the woods. 
How I wished I could shift! This would be a splendid time to be able to turn into a wolf and run! I guess the Rogue King was thinking the same, as when I glanced back, I saw no man, but a massive wolf instead, stalking towards me. 
I screamed and pumped my arms and legs as fast as I could darting into the forest and weaving between trees. I heard crashing behind me, and his wolf burst through the underbrush like a tornado of fur and teeth. There was no way I could outrun that! 
I veered back towards the pack buildings. Maybe if I could get into one of the buildings I could find a room to barricade myself in. Or even lose them by going out a window. (1 
I found my strength starting to flag as I pushed my body to its limits to pull myself out of the forest and sprinted up the tree-lined path that lead towards the main Silvermoon compound, where pack businesses and family homes lined an open meadow. 
The energy from my mark was fading, and I no longer felt its intense heat on my neck. I rst into the village green and ran right into something large and solid. 
Not a tree. Someone. 
I bounced right off and onto my butt on the ground, sprawling across the grass. 
“Avery?” 
I opened my eyes to see Ryan leaning over me, peering at me with concern. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
GET IT 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 112
Chapter 112 
Avery’s POV 
“Avery! Oh my god, what are you doing here?” Ryan held out a hand to help me up and, stiffly, I accepted. He hauled me to my feet, where I wobbled unsteadily, still panting for breath. 
Cautiously, I turned to look the way I’d came, but there was no massive wolf barreling towards me. I guess the Rogue King had called off his pursuit when I’d run into Ryan. That was interesting. 
Were Ryan and Zara not working together on this? 
I found myself a bit relieved. Even after all his betrayals, I was glad that Ryan didn’t seem to have bought into the idea of forcing me to mate to produce an heir. 
I turned back towards Ryan, who was staring at me in confusion mixed with delight. It would almost be touching, if his interest in me wasn’t so infuriatingly less than adequate. 
“I am here to find my mother.” I said, primly, dusting off my clothing. I kept my voice cold and Ryan visibly backed away at my tone. I guess was still projecting my anger at having been trapped by Zara and the Rogue King. 
“Your mother?” Ryan peered around me, “Last I heard, she had disappeared… I assumed she was attending your wedding today. Hey…” 
At the mention of my wedding I had turned away and started heading back towards the cars. If Ryan wasn’t here then Zara and the Rogue King had already taken her elsewhere. I needed to find someone who could track her, or them, to where she was secured. 
Knowing my mother, she was such a gentle soul. She wouldn’t put up a fight. That was all I could hope for, and I prayed that would be enough to keep them from harming her. 
I stomped towards the SUV I came in, fumbling for my keys. I wasn’t sure where I would go next, but lurking here in Silvermoon where the Rogue King and Zara wanted to kidnap me +wouldn’t work. 
“Hey… hey!” Ryan ran after me. “Avery, wait!” 
He snagged my sleeve and turned me to face him. 
“What, Ryan?” I snapped. 
“Are you…?” 
“Am I what?” I said, exhausted. I looked at him from beneath my disheveled hair, and huffed my breath out. 
“You look…” Ryan’s gaze swept me up and down. Oh yeah. I was still in that outfit, and now I was sure I looked a crazy mess with blood on my neck and my mark… 
1/2 
Chapter 112 
My mark! 
+25 Bonus 
I slapped a hand over my neck but I didn’t feel anything, had it disappeared again? 
“Avery, you look like you’ve been through some trouble.” I hated that Ryan was using that soft, kind voice he used to use back when I thought we loved each other. It reminded me, painfully, of the sweet boy I’d thought he was. 
Before he betrayed me. 
“If you need help, I’m here. I hope you know that ” Ryan was saying, sincerely. His face looked so hopeful, like he thought I’d come back here for him. 
“I don’t need your help.” I snapped, “You have enough problems as it is.” 
I turned away. 
“What do you mean by that?” Ryan yelped. “Avery, just please talk to me!” 
“I don’t have anything to say to you!” I shouted, throwing my hands in the air, “You only make my life worse! I just need to find my mother and get out of here, and if she’s not here, then I need to go.” 
“Is this because of something Gideon did?” Ryan jogged next to me to keep up as I stalked towards the cars. “I know he’s a jerk.” 
I shrugged while I marched. “What business is it of yours? You were no better.” 
“Please, Avery. I know I fucked up, but that doesn’t mean I want you to be sad.” Ryan actually managed to sound half-sincere when he said it and I ventured a glance at his face as we moved. He actually looked a bit conflicted and torn up. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 113
Chapter 113 
“What’s done is done.” I said finally, with a sigh. ‘Gideon is… well… he just is.” 
“That bad, huh?” Ryan raised his eyebrows and looked me over again, “Did he rough you up? Treat you badly?” 
“He married me.” I spat out the words, “Which is basically the worst thing he could have done.” That was a lie. The worst thing he could have done would be telling me that he didn’t want anything to do with me personally. The thought of that was still like a knife into my heart. 
“I’m sorry it isn’t working out.” Ryan said smoothly, “Trust me, I understand all too well.” 
We exchanged a glance. Ryan looked sad. 
“Things not going well with Zara?” I asked, “Shocking.” 
Ryan dug his hands into his pockets and scuffed his shoes in the dirt sheepishly. “I don’t know exactly where I went wrong…” 
I did. 
“…but Zara and I just… don’t seem to be working out.” Ryan admitted. “She only really wants to spend time with me when we… uh…” he had the decency to look embarrassed. 
“I guess what I’m saying is, relationships are hard!” 
I rolled my eyes. 
“Sorry, I know you don’t like hearing about your sister. I’m sure we’ll work it out.” Ryan sighed with frustration. “I just want to know that you’re ok! Gideon seems like a real piece of work. There’s all those wolves that he’s killed, and he’s always coming over here threatening 
… 
“” 
Oh? Was that true? Was Gideon always coming to Silvermoon to threaten Ryan? I remembered how easily he’d fallen into a jealous rage when he’d seen mine and Ian’s shadows in the pack house embracing. 
He had told me to stay away from Ryan, in fact. I had thought that his jealousy was a sign that he was interested in me, but he’d made it pretty clear that wasn’t the case. 
Except when I was straddling him on his bed. 
The image of Gideon and I a few hours ago flashed through my memories and I blushed and had to turn away so that Ryan couldn’t see my expression. 
Ryan thought that I was turning away from him because of what he was saying and he started talking faster. 
“I just want you to know that if you need anything and it’s within my power to give… please 
1:2 
Chapter 113 
+25 Bonus 
ask.” He managed to make it sound moderately caring, “You would have a home here in Silvermoon if you came back. I would find a way to make it happen.” 
“Over the wishes of my psychotic sister?” I laughed, “That would work out great, I’m sure. No, Ryan, this isn’t a problem you can fix unless you can make your wife tell me where she’s stashed my mother.” 
“Zara… took your mother?” Ryan looked stunned “Why… why would she do that?” 
“Because she wants to hurt me!” I yelled, “I just finished running for my life from her!” I stomped up to Ryan and jabbed my finger into his chest, “So no, it’s not just Gideon who’s making me miserable. This pack is no better! Everyone wants to use me! No one genuinely cares about what I want or feel!” 
It was eerie how my rant echoed the Rogue King’s sentiments about the callousness of pack leadership. He might be fucked up in how he was going about accomplishing his agenda, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t a tiny bit right about why he was so angry. 
Ryan was staring at me, stunned at my diatribe. I turned and resumed walking. 
“Avery, you must misunderstand!” Ryan protested, “Please stay!” 
I raised my fingers in response, and then froze. 
Ahead in the parking lot, a blacked out sedan was idling. As I froze on the edge of the asphalt, the door opened and Gideon stepped out, dressed in an all black trench coat. 
He looked pissed. 
272 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 114
Chapter 114 
Gideon’s POV 
I sipped my coffee in the pack hall late that night and waited for Tegan’s report on my missing Luna. Even this late, there were always wolves coming and going on pack business. I was surrounded by bustle and yet it couldn’t match the turmoil I felt inside. 
Avery and Dierdra both had departed my company in their own bitter ways, and perhaps an earlier version of me would have welcomed the lack of distraction, but I had gotten accustomed to their company, and now I felt strangely bereft. 
Avery’s words kept ringing in my ears. She had flung them at me as effectively as a bucket of ice water, and they washed over me repeatedly in the hours since, chilling me to the bone. 
“I never wanted to be your Luna.” 
She confused me, baffled me utterly. Here she had been handed the world, and it still wasn’t good enough. I couldn’t fathom what more she wanted from me, from our relationship. For someone who had seemed so simple, she was proving devastatingly complicated. 
And Dierdra, she was sharp as a whipcrack and just as painful when she lashed out. She accused me of wanting to use her, keep her hidden, and nothing could be further from the truth. The only thing I felt for her was obligation, and pity. 
I couldn’t let my true mate know that I was having trouble feeling connected to her. Tomorrow I would need to go make my apology, request that she move herself back to the pack house where she belonged. It wouldn’t do for the Alpha’s mate to be seen living separately in the village. 
Dierdra’s presence was akin to nails on a chalkboard. She felt intrusive and abrasive. I could only blame that I took too long to find her. 
The girl I had mated with in the forest had been nothing like the mate who had appeared, and I mourned that my inability to find her sooner had caused that change. The rogue who had taken her captive must have broken something in her. 
I tried to talk to my wolf about Dierdra, but only felt an echo of my own perplexed thoughts. He had no insight, no certainty. He had resonated more with Avery on our wedding night than he did when Dierdra was in my arms, and that frustrated me. 
Yet she carried my mark. My bite. 
I admit, I lashed out at him for dragging me into his mess. If he hadn’t succumbed to the mating heat, we wouldn’t be in this mess at all. 
Then I felt remorse. 
The worst times in our lives had happened when my wolf and I had each acted without conscious thought. This felt too similar to that, and I couldn’t hate him for it. We needed each 
12 
Chapter 114 
+25 Bonus 
other. 
Once Avery was found, we could rest. She had requested our wedding night be spent together, and I intended to honor that request, whether she wanted my company or not. She should have thought before she chose such a cheeky wedding present. 
Visions of punishing Avery for her insolence were strangely comforting, and I felt my lips twitching upwards in a sneer. 
“Gideon!” My sister approached, her voice cutting through the din of the mess hall and my own messy thoughts. 
“Camila.” I acknowledged, placing my coffee cup back on the table, mostly full. I guess I really had been pre-occupied. 
“How can I help you?” I said, coolly. At one point our relationship had been closer, but with my family, it was best to keep it strictly to business. 
“Tegan asked me to search Avery’s room.” She said flatly, eyelid half lowered as she caught my distant tone. “Her belongings are missing.” 
I rose from the table. All my carefully-gathered calm dropping away. 
“I promised you I would stay for the wedding. I have kept my promise, but I cannot stay any longer.” Avery had said, but I thought she’d meant the wedding night. Not that she would be so foolish as to leave Nightwolf proper. Foolish, stupid Luna. 
“Talk to the staff, see if anyone knows anything. Report to Tegan.” I ordered my sister. She was well-used to my terse moods, and I could see the resentment in her face, but she obeyed. She didn’t want to cross me and end up like our exiled brother. 
D 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 115
Chapter 115 
+25 Bonus 
↓ 
I couldn’t wait to see what my Beta had discovered. If Avery had truly fled, then there was one place I had to look first. Just the thought of her fleeing there ignited rage in my heart. 
If she had run back to him… 
My fingers twitched, wanting to tear something apart. 
I stalked out the door and towards the cars as I shrugged into my jacket. 
Trees whipped by in the darkness on the drive to Silvermoon. My emotions flipped from hot to cold with each mile that ticked by on the odometer. Incendiary fury if I found her where I had told her not to go. Wintry terror that something terrible might have happened to her. 
Avery was so young and naive. She truly did not understand how good she had it in Nightwolf as my Luna. The world was a cruel and unfair place, and it would be all too easy for her to end up in a bad situation if she left. 
I just hoped she would be smart enough to realize that before it was too late. 
I ground the sedan to a halt in front of the Silvermoon pack building. It was late in the night, but I saw figures running across the grass. 
Relief and wrath bubbled within me. 
There was Avery, pursued by that chump Alpha, Ryan. It was time to put an end to that. 
I stepped out of the car. 
Avery froze as she spied me. Ryan was a bit slower to notice my presence, but his gaze snapped up as he felt my approach. 
“I’ll be taking that which is mine.” I growled, “Interfere and I’ll take your life along with it, as promised.” 
“She doesn’t want to be with you.” Ryan called out. Avery whirled on him with a hiss but he continued as I approached, “We will keep her safe here until she makes her decision.” 
“You will not.” I intoned. “Silvermoon can’t protect itself, much less a Luna who is being hunted by rogues.” I locked my gaze on him, knowing that he couldn’t stand up to me for long. 
Ryan sputtered incoherently as I wrapped my fingers around Avery’s arm. She fought against me briefly, but I squeezed my fingers and growled and she subsided. 
Ryan’s eyes gleamed with anger. He took a step forward, and I matched him readily. 
“Punching your stupid face will be the best wedding present I’ve received today,” I warned with a sadistic smile, “Well, second best.” I would never truly forget the image of Avery standing in my bedroom in that dress and stockings… 
12 
Chapter 115 
+25 Bonus 
Ryan’s eyes gleamed yellow. He was so close to shifting, his wolf was prompting him to do something very stupid. Last time I had seen him, had told him if he talked to Avery again I would kill him and take Silvermoon for myself. 
Now I wondered if tonight would be the night he tested that promise. 
Beside me, Avery ignored us both, staring at the ground as though she had given up. That was all the permission I needed. I hauled her towards the car, eyes still locked on Ryan and daring him to fight me. 
Hatred washed across his face as he watched me Ipad Avery into the car, but he didn’t move. Wise choice. 
The drive back to Silvermoon, Avery stared out the window silently. I wanted to shake her, to ask her what the hell she was thinking. At one point I thought I saw her wipe a tear from her eye, but when I turned my head, she had turned her face even further away and I wasn’t sure. 
Was she crying about leaving that loser, again? 
I really didn’t understand her. 
We pulled back into Nightwolf compound as the sun was beginning to rise. I saw Dierdra approaching, face thunderous as we parked. 
“Avery.” I called as she departed for the house. She turned to look at me, expression bleak. 
“Was your wedding night everything you hoped? 
Yes, I can be an asshole. 
Without saying a word, she turned and walked away. 
D 
Comments 
曲 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 116
Chapter 116 
Avery’s POV 
Six hours later found me standing in Gideon’s office staring at his fake-mate as she flounced out the door. Gideon had summoned me the minute I had awoken from my early morning slumber, and I had no choice but to heed his summons. 
I didn’t have choices about a lot of things these days, it seemed. 
My heart was already bruised and battered. My mother was missing. Some man titling himself the ‘Rogue King’ wanted to make me his baby-factory, and my new ‘husband’ had been smooching with his mate when I had entered. 
Or, at least that was what it had looked like they had been doing. I had turned my head to the side immediately, flushing a bright, embarrassed red. 
The haughty and smug look Dierdra had shot me as she left had been nauseating, and so had been the way Gideon had stared at the door after she’d closed it. I stood there, silent, waiting for him to remember that I was present. 
I guess I was back to being invisible. 
Finally, Gideon jolted himself back to attention and rummaged through the papers on his desk. 
“Avery.” he said my name so formally, as though we hadn’t been kissing passionately on his bed the night before. 
On our wedding night. 
“Alpha.” I replied, matching his tone. His eyes flickered at me for a moment, then he went back to flipping through files. 
“I assume you had a reason for calling me.” I said, after he didn’t say anything further for a number of moments. 
“I did. Yes.” Gideon snapped. He pulled out a sheaf of papers and snapped it onto the desktop. But before we get into that, I wish to hear an accounting of your actions in the last 24 hours.” 
I stared at him, mutely. My lips pressed between my teeth. What did he want to hear? That I was sorry? 
If he demanded an apology, could I truly dare to refuse? I was essentially his prisoner here. 
“What do you want me to explain, Alpha?” 
He looked a bit annoyed that I refused to say his name. But names were things you called your friends. We were no longer friends. Now we were husband and wife, which apparently, meant we were enemies. 
“I want an explanation for why you went to Silvermoon and sought out the company of their 
1.4 
Chapter 116 
+25 Bonus 
Alpha, after I expressly forbid you to do so.” 
Gideon’s body language as he crossed his arms was looming and imposing. I felt like a small child called to task in school. It took all I had not to shuffle my feet and look away from his 
gaze. 
I made myself hold his stare, unwavering. 
“Alpha, I did not seek out the company of Ryan.”I kept my tone matter-of-fact. “I was looking for my mother.” 
“Avery.” Gideon growled, pacing behind “I don’t believe you. Every time I turn around, you are sneaking back to Silvermoon. Whatever your feelings are for Ryan, they must stop. He is an unworthy Alpha, and it is not acceptable that the Nightwolf Luna be seen resisting my orders.” 
“You have made that clear in the past.” I gritted out through clenched teeth. “I have reason to believe that my half-sister has hidden my mother in some secret place, and that she will harm her.” 
Gideon paused, turning his head to me incredulously, “The Luna of Silvermoon has kidnapped your mother?” 
“Not just her.” I sighed, not sure how much to tell. While the encounter had been unpleasant, I wasn’t sure that Gideon would believe me if I told him the whole story. We weren’t exactly on good terms at present. 
“There was another man there. A rogue. He called himself the Rogue King.” 
Gideon’s eyebrows raised. He gestured impatiently for me to continue. 
“I believe they are working together, Zara and this man.” 
Gideon’s whole body was still for a long moment I realized he was processing the informa 
“Did that man touch you?” He said gruffly. 
“No. I mean, yes.” I shook my head, “I ran away. had gone there to find my mother after I found out Zara had taken her.” 
“Why didn’t you come to me?” Gideon growled, marching over to me and shaking my 
shoulders. 
I stared into his face angrily. Let him come to that answer on his own. He hadn’t believed me about Dierdra, and he hadn’t believed me when I had said I hadn’t sought out Ryan. Why would I assume he would believe me if I came to him for help? 
“Avery.” Gideon snapped my attention back to him with frustration and I realized I’d been staring over his shoulder, far away in my thoughts. I guess I was still exhausted from my midnight adventure. 
He stared at me a minute longer, eyes searching my face. I guess he decided to believe me 
24 
4 
Chapter 116 
+25 Bonus 
because he stepped back. I stumbled as he released me. 
For a moment there, his touch had felt warm, and I had fought the urge to press myself against him, to let him wrap his arms around me 
“I will protect you.” Gideon would say, and I would nod and let myself believe it. It was a nice fantasy. 
“What did you say?” I mumbled, realizing Gideon had said something while I had been daydreaming. 
A look of exasperation crossed the alpha’s handsome face. He held a pen out in the air. 
“I said I have an addendum to our contract.” Gideon explained again, “You continue as my Luna, and I will help you find this Rogue King and rescue your mother.” 
My eyes widened as I stared at the outstretched pen. Gideon certainly had resources I didn’t. If he agreed to help me with this, I could send his warriors to try and find her and bring her to safety. It had been my original plan before the wedding. 
Before I had dared to hope that I could possibly become more to Gideon than just his Luna. 
Now I just felt trapped and pressured. 
Being this close to him, I found my mind trying to flee the room when my body couldn’t. I could smell his skin, remember how it felt beneath me the night before. It was all too much. 
“Avery, do you accept?” Gideon snapped. “Let me help you.” 
Wasn’t that what Ryan had said as well? All these men trying to solve my problems not realizing that they were their cause. 
What was the difference between these Alphas and the Rogue King who opposed them? They each wanted to use me for their own ends. 
I was in a cage with three doors. Each led to a different wolf. Each would devour me if I opened them. 
The walls were closing in. 
Slowly I stepped forward and took the pen from Gideon’s outstretched hand. I stared down at the lines swimming before my eyes. 
My fingers were shaking, I realized. I fumbled the pen and it dropped to the floor, rolling under Gideon’s desk. Without thinking, I dropped to my knees to grab it. 
When I looked up, Gideon was looking down at me with a frown. That tension that felt ever- present between us snapped tight like a noose. His eyes were dark, heated, and oh-so irresistible. 
Slowly, he reached out a hand towards me. His fingers tangled in the hair at the back of my 
3.4 
Chapter 116 
head, tilting my face upwards. 
“I know what you’re doing.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 117
Chapter 117 
Avery’s POV 
“I know what you’re doing.” Gideon said as his hand fisted in my hair. I gasped as he hauled me to my feet. 
“W-what?” I winced. 
“I told you, those tricks don’t work on me.” Gideon said sternly, releasing me. 
Tricks? He thought… That I was trying to seduce him? 
I glared at him for the presumption, even as I blushed wondering what he had thought I was trying to do? 
“I dropped the pen.” I said, pointedly. Gideon’s eyebrow quirked, his expression full of disbelief. 
My heart ached as I saw mistrust crawl across his face. Being so misunderstood by Gideon hurt much more than it should have at this point. 
He had been raised in an atmosphere of intense expectations, where even the bonds of family meant nothing when power was on the line. Gideon saw ghosts and enemies everywhere, and he always would. 
I closed my eyes and counted to ten, trying to release my anger at him. 
He was the creature his parents had made, twisted by his demonblood and the deaths of his childhood friends. If he couldn’t recognize sincerity and authenticity when he saw it, that wasn’t my fault. 
At one time, that realization would have made me want to fight to prove him wrong, to show him that I was different, that I could love him differently. 
After the last 24 hours, I just mutely accepted it. 
I signed the document. 
It meant locking my heart away, to don the mask of Luna into perpetuity. Or, at least until the Rogue King was caught and my mother was rescued. 
Once she was safe, I could leave for the human world once more. We could find a quiet place to build our lives together. Have the relationship as mother and daughter that we had never been. able to have. 
From the time I was weaned, my father had kept me away from her. These men thought that they could dictate relationships as they pleased. As though emotions followed logic. 
I knew otherwise. 
14 
Chapter 117 
+25 Bonus 
I would always love my mother. There would be a part of me that would always love Gideon. 
Those were parts of myself that I locked deep inside of myself so that they could no longer 
hurt me. 
As I finished my signature, Gideon pulled the papers away with a pleased expression on his face. It hurt to think that he was so enthusiastic about authorizing a document that locked us into our rigid roles forever. 
“Despite your recent lapses in judgement, I trust that we will be able to resume our productive working relationship.” Gideon said with a firm ned as he added his own scrawl beneath mine on the contract. 
Working relationship. That was what pleased him the most. 
So, he truly had no romantic interest in me after all. That realization was a stab in my heart and my now-dead hopes. 
I had hoped that exposing Dierdra as his false-mate would have wedged open the door to his heart, even if only slightly. Instead, it seemed like he hadn’t acknowledged her treachery at all. 
Did he intend to ignore it forever? 
There were too many illusions at play. I was wife and Luna, but I couldn’t touch his heart. Dierdra was his false-mate, and yet he embraced her willingly. 
Did being broken so young mean that Gideon no longer recognized truth when it was in front of him? 
The thought was indescribably sad. 
I too had felt betrayal since I was a child. Everyone who had claimed to care about me had left. In a fucked up way, Gideon was proving more constant than any of those who were supposed to be there for me. 
Except I knew he didn’t care. 
He filed the papers inside his desk and looked up, surprised I was still standing there. 
“Luna.” He addressed me by my title once more. That is all, unless you have other pack business to address with me?” 
I had so much I wanted to address, and it all choked in my throat. 
“Will you… give me updates if you find out anything about my mother?” My voice broke on the request and I had to bite back a sob that threatened to emerge from my throat. 
“As soon as I learn something, you will be the first to know.” He said coolly. “Now, we should both get back to work.” 
I turned and left. Gideon’s black stare followed my every step as I went. 
24 
Chapter 117 
+25 Bonus 
Full of more emotions than I could stand, I fled to my garden sanctuary. 
As spring progressed it had bloomed in joyous color, but even its bright cheer could not raise my spirits. I stalked through the trees like a doomed spectre, alone and afraid. 
My heart ached for my mother, imagining all sorts of horrible things that might be happening to her in the Rogue King’s clutches. Zara was a vindictive bitch and I couldn’t trust her to be decent once she’d found out that Gideon had taken me back. 
I leaned against the trunk of one of the large oak trees and fought back tears. 
“Nice garden.” Came a snide voice from behind me. I turned to see Dierdra standing in the middle of the path, staring at me. I must have left the door open behind me. 
“Gideon told me that he found his wedding night with you… disappointing.” She sneered when I didn’t say anything. “Were you not able to hold his interest?” She clucked her tongue, I haven’t found it to be that hard, so maybe you were just doing it wrong?” 
“What do you want, Dierdra?” I snapped, irritated. 
“Oh, just checking on my dear Luna, of course.” Dierdra’s tone was saccharine sweet. “Gideon asked me to check on you, said that you seemed a bit distracted.” 
“Did he?” I narrowed my eyes, “Or were you listening at doorknobs?” 
(( 
Dierdra’s smile widened, “Why would I need to do that? Gideon lets me sit in all his meetings. He says I’m a huge help. Probably because I don’t wander off at all hours to look for… who was it again? Your mother? Shame. I do hope she’s ok” 
“You can let Gideon know that I appreciate his concern, but I am fine.” 
“Are you?” Dierdra tilted her head, those big eyes wide and innocent. “Because you looked li you were wandering, pathetically. Did something go wrong?” 
I opened my mouth to tell her to mind her own business but she cut me off. 
“Just kidding, I really don’t have time to listen. I’m so busy helping Gideon run the pack, you know.” Dierdra waved her hands in the air, “Probably best that you stay out here anyways. The Alpha and I have lots to work on, together. You would just get in the way.” 
She turned and sauntered back up the path. 
“It is a very pretty garden, though,” I heard her say as she left, “it would look so much prettier if you weren’t moping in the middle of it” 
Then she was gone and I was left breathing slowly to calm my rage. I slid to the grass beneath the trees and wrapped my arms around my knees 
“Moon Goddess, I try not to ask for much.” I swore, “But if you grant me any wish at all, please let it be to see that bitch get what she deserves.” 
34 
Chapter 117 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
U 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 118
Chapter 118 
Avery’s POV 
“Oh, you came for the delivery schedules?” The driver in front of me wrung his hat between his hands and looked embarrassed, “My apologies, Luna, I have already passed those reports along to the Alpha.” 
“Gideon came for the schedules himself?” I asked, surprised. 
“No, Luna,” the man shuffled his feet, “His mate did.” 
I gritted my teeth in irritation, but it wasn’t this man’s fault. I thanked him and let him get back to loading the produce we’d grown in my garden into his truck. 
This was the third time this week that I had gone to perform my Luna duties and discovered that Dierdra had beaten me to it. 
Her angle was obvious. 
She was seeking to supplant me. 
It would be one sort of escape, I suppose. 
Let her push me out. 
If Gideon made her his Luna, then I would be free 
However, I still needed Gideon’s help to rescue my mother and, frankly, the thought of his false-mate winning my position infuriated me. 
I kept asking myself why I cared. 
I didn’t have a good answer, except that I knew what she was, and I wouldn’t let her beat me. 
I turned back to sorting out the spring radishes and greens we had grown and washed for transport to pack families. It wasn’t yet at the scale I hoped to reach, but I was proud of what Madelyn and I had managed to do with the pack garden in just a few weeks. We were now supplying produce weekly to most of the pack families and our surplus was being used in the pack mess hall kitchens. 
Not that Gideon seemed to notice. 
I stood up from the packing crates and stretched. Soon the weather would be getting hot, and I would need to finish installing the drip irrigation that would keep the raised beds watered in 
the summer months. 
There was still lots to do, and for a few hours I let myself lose track of time in sorting out planting schedules and bed rotations. 
“It’s good to see you, Luna.” Madelyn said with a small smile as she showed up for her shift. I 
12 
4 
Chapter Tig 
+25 Bonus 
looked up in surprise. 
“Thank you.” I said, taken aback. She saw my expression and looked concerned. 
“Is something wrong?” Madelyn asked. 
“Oh! No, no,” I lied, “You just startled me, is all.” Really, it had just been a while since anyone had expressed that my presence brought them pleasure. 
Madelyn looked at me for a long moment. 
“I might be overstepping, Luna, but…” she paused. 
“Yes?” I asked carefully, spine stiff as I pretended to be busy with my garden diagrams. 
“There’s just been some talk,” Madelyn looked uncomfortable, “but folks are saying that Gideon’s, uh, mate? She’s been showing up at places around the village and getting involved in things that are usually a Luna’s responsibility. 
My hands stilled, “Has she now?” I kept my voice level, with effort. 
“I wanted to ask,” Madelyn placed one hand on mine carefully. When I raised my eyes I saw her looking at me with concern, “Did everything go okay… on your wedding night?” 
I bit my lip and looked down. I knew she was asking as a friend, and it was nice to have someone who cared, but how could I answer that question? 
“It went fine.” I said, and shrugged, “Don’t tell me there’s a rumor about that as well?” 
“Oh yes,” Madelyn smiled sheepishly, “Wolves love to gossip.” 
“What are they saying about it?” I asked, though I was not sure I really wanted to hear. 
“That Gideon looked uncharacteristically upset when he appeared in the pack hall after. That his mate had stormed off into the village and he had to go apologize to get her to come back 
” Madelyn confessed, “There’s folks who think having a separate mate and Luna is nothing but trouble.” 
… 
“What do you think?” My voice was guarded and Madelyn moved in to give me a quick side hug. 
“I think it must be very hard for you.” She said, “I have had my own troubles with someone who is consumed by duty. If you need a friend to talk to…” 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 119
Chapter 119 
It was unspeakably kind of her to offer, but sofne things I just couldn’t bring myself to say. 
How could I explain? 
Should I say that I thought I loved Gideon but he wanted nothing to do with me romantically? That when we were together, especially physically, my whole body hummed, but he didn’t seem to feel the same way? That every time I saw him with Dierdra I wanted to throw things? 
Every day I watched them interact. I heard her giggles pealing from Gideon’s office when I walked past. I slept with earplugs in so that I wouldn’t have to hear any noises from his bedroom across the hall at night. 
Dierdra would show up where I was working with regularity, just to make barbed comments. I survived by making myself like ice, not showing her any emotion, and only responding when I needed to. 
It wasn’t enough, and I knew it, but I was at a loss as to how to handle her better. She knew it too, with her smug expression and quiet threats where no one else could hear. 
“I…” I tried to respond to Madelyn, but found myself choking up and turning away instead. 
Her hand rested on my shoulder lightly. 
“Do you want me to poison her?” she asked. 
“Don’t even say that!” I gasped, then laughed at the absurd offer. Madelyn tossed her head with a grin. 
“It made you smile, so it would be worth it.” she said with a sly glance. “But I’ll hold off for now. Just… take care of yourself, ok? You seem so distracted, and you haven’t eaten at the last few pack meals I’ve seen you at.” 
That was true. I had lost my appetite since the wedding. Sitting at the long hierarchy table meant sitting across from Dierdra as she patted Gideon’s arm, or offered him food off her plate, or laughed at every word he said, even when they weren’t funny. 
I could take some consolation from the fact that Gideon also seemed a bit annoyed at all the attention. He never said any cross word, but there was something about the way he fidgeted in his chair, or clenched his jaw, that made me feel like he wanted to be elsewhere. 
I knew Dierdra wasn’t his true mate. He knew it. So why continue spending all this time 
together? Why let her take liberties with his time and… body? 
“Stupid men and their sense of duty.” I grumbled 
“Amen to that.” Madelyn agreed, “Ah, crap, here comes Ms. Bossypants.” 
I glanced up to see Dierdra approaching down the garden path. She was dressed in a lacy sundress with a large straw hat and looked like a perfect picture of springtime. 
Chapter 119 
+25 Bonus 
I looked down at myself, my muddy coveralls and hands covered in dirt. Great. 
“Should have known I’d find you here.” Dierdra smiled that fake smile at Madelyn, though her eyes were icy when they turned on me. “Gideon was looking for you. I told him you were probably out here, doing… whatever it is you do.” 
“I’ll go get changed.” I began walking over to the hose to wash my hands. 
“No, come as you are.” Dierdra snapped. I raised an eyebrow at her, and she reddened and mumbled something about, “I’m not going to get in trouble for you being late.” and turned and huffed away. 
“Well now,” Madelyn said in a low voice as I wiped my hands on my trousers, “I think she’s more frightened of you than she lets on, remember that!” 
She squeezed my hand as I left. I climbed the hill towards where Dierdra waited, arms crossed impatiently. 
“You’re filthy,” She remarked, nose in the air, “and you stink.” 
I kept my face impassive as I brushed past. I hoped some of my mud ended up on her perfect dress. 
“Probably because I’ve been doing real work, not trying to steal someone else’s.” 
I saw her mouth open to retort, then shut again with a snap as Gideon stepped out of the pack house, his eyes fixed on us. 
212 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 120
Chapter 120 
Gideon’s POV 
They couldn’t have looked more different, the two women who stood before me on the path. 
Dierdra was lovely in her sundress, frothy lace and pink cheeks. She was feminine, clean, and quiet. She brought me coffee in the mornings and tea in the afternoons and would perch on my chair pretending to be interested in what I was working on. 
At night she would cling to me, making soft sighs and noises at every move I made. She made herself at home in my bed and my clothes. She was easy on the eyes and easy to get along with, agreeing with me at every turn. 
With her wide, innocent eyes and my mark on her neck, she was who I should be falling in love with. 
And then there was Avery. 
Avery whose mass of curls writhed untamed around her head like serpents around Medusa. Avery who had mud on her hands and dirt on her nose. She was dressed in gardening coveralls, a pair of gloves sticking out of her back pocket. 
She smelled like sunshine and growing green things and her eyes burned like hellfire when she looked at me, and then she shuttered that fire away behind a wall of ice and all I could see was her thin, pale face. 
She looked like a ghost. I had noticed that she didn’t eat at pack dinners. She was slowly losing all softness she’d gained when she came to Nightwolf and had started sleeping and eating well. 
Not that she talked about how they’d treated her, but it was obvious that she had been deprived. I had already enacted my punishment on those of Silvermoon pack who had treated her badly, for the most part. 
Still, I knew her half-sister Zara and she had a complicated past, and it was that issue which had caused me to seek her out this day. 
“Luna.” I hailed, “Will you join me in my office?” 
She gave a stiff, silent nod and stepped past me to head towards the stairs to the second-floor offices. Dierdra trailed along behind her, and as she passed she tried to slip her hand into mine. 
I shook it off. 
“Dierdra, would you please step along to Tegan and see if he has those… ah… armory reports ready for me?” I asked. 
“I thought you wanted me taking notes in your meetings?” Dierdra pouted, “I thought when you were done we could go for a walk? I saw there’s a garden at the top of the hill…” 
Ahead of us I saw Avery slow and half-turn to look at Dierdra. 
132 
Chapter 120 
+25 Bonus 
“I won’t be needing minutes in this meeting.” I said, firmly, “It’ll be short. The reports, thank you.” 
Avery and I climbed the stairs together, and when I reached the top, I saw Dierdra watching us from the foyer below, expression blank. 
Truthfully, I felt bad for sending her away, but I was a creature of habit and I was used to working alone. Dierdra’s constant companionship had originally been novel and she was easy on the eyes, but over time I had come to relish the times when I could escape into my own solitude. 
Perhaps I had been a lonely wolf for too long. I found myself shrugging off her soft-touches, and finding reasons to send her on errands. I was sure by now my Beta and lieutenants were growing tired of seeing her coming, considering how often I sent her to fetch one report or another. 
“Please, sit down.” I ushered Avery into my office. 
She didn’t sit. 
“I do not want to dirty your chair.” She said, softly when I gestured at the chair again. 
“Fine, I’ll get right to it.” I pulled over the map on my desk so she could look at it, “I promised I would give you updates on the search for your mother. Here are the locations we have searched so far.” I circled a half dozen areas in red. 
D 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 121
Chapter 121 
“Unfortunately, there were no signs of any rogue transport, and the people in the settlements that we’ve talked to haven’t seen anyone matching her description.” 
“I see.” Avery folded her hands in front of her, gaze directed downwards, “Thank you for updating me.” 
Silence stretched between us. 
I cleared my throat, “I was wondering if you knew of any stronghold or area the Rogue King or your sister might have mentioned while you were in their company?” I asked pointedly, ” While we can keep searching random areas, it requires incursions into Silvermoon territory which raises the hostility between our packs.” 
“More hostile than kidnapping my mother?” Avery asked. She raised her eyes to mine and they were bleak and sad. 
Seeing her look so downtrodden made something tug uncomfortably in my chest. I tried to imagine how I would feel if someone I cared about was taken in the same way, but truthfully I didn’t have anyone in my life who fit the role. 
I wanted to say something to make her understand that I truly was trying. 
“I will help find her, Avery. I promise.” 
She gave a soft, bitter laugh and turned away to leave. 
“Is that all?” She asked, reaching for the doorknob. 
Anger bubbled in me. What was her meaning in acting this way? I stepped towards her and pushed the door shut once more. 
“What more do you want?” I snapped, “I said I will find her.” 
“You couldn’t even find your true mate.” Avery’s words were spoken softly but they exploded in the room nonetheless, “so how can I believe that you will find my mother?” 
I felt my temper rising and tamped it down quickly. 
‘Careful,’ my wolf warned in the back of my mind, ‘she is hurting.’ 
“Are you,” I scratched my claws down the door to keep myself from snarling the words, saying that the Rogue King is stronger than me?” 
Avery gave me a pitying look and lifted one shoulder in a careless shrug. She didn’t reply. 
(( 
“I do not make promises lightly.” I growled, glaring into her hopeless, angry eyes, “Have I given you reason to view me so uncharitably?” 
Avery trembled at the anger in my voice, “No, Gideon,” she said softly, but the hurt was still 
Chapter 121 
+25 Bonus 
in her eyes. The way she said my name caused something to twist within me. There were times in the last week where I had imagined her saying my name… 
I shook my head to clear it of the distraction, and reached out to grip Avery’s shoulder. I wasn’t expecting the surge of energy that leaped between us at the contact, nor the way my wolf was suddenly and immediately present in my mind with keen interest at our interaction. 
Avery had lurched backwards from my touch, and the minute my hand left her body, the energy faded. 
What was that? 
It had thrown me off, and I had lost the train of our conversation. I walked back around my desk to buy myself time to clear my mind and calm my body. 
“I will abide by the terms of our contract,” I said formally, retreating behind my usual official mask, “I suggest you do the same. I have received some complaints about tasks that usually fall to the Luna being done poorly, or left incomplete.” 
Avery was silent for a long moment, “I will look into that, Alpha,” she said. 
“See that you do.” I directed, with satisfaction, and watched her turn to leave. 
Strange, with Avery gone, my office felt lonely and quiet. A wave of melancholy washed over 

No matter, I was sure Dierdra would soon return to fill it with inane chatter and noise. 
With a weary sigh, I turned back to my work. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 122
Chapter 122 
Avery’s POV 
We had entered a period of rain. Every day the pack house windows rattled in their casements as thunder rumbled all around us. Wolves darted in and out, swathed in raincoats and parkas and smelling of wet dog. 
I watched the rain pouring in thick channels down the glass and traced its path with my fingertips. Beyond, the distorted street that led through the village shone, the streetlamps reflecting off the wet pavement in halos of light. 
I turned away from the window and towards the table in my room where my untouched dinner sat upon a tray. 
I took two swift steps and dashed the entire tray to the ground. 
China shattered, and food sprayed. 
Breathing heavily I stared at the mess. 
I had just come from a council meeting. The recent refugees to Nightwolf had requested an audience. I had attended as Luna to see what their needs were and to offer what we could. 
I arrived at the end of the meeting. The last refugees were trailing out, chit-chatting with each other amiably until they noticed me, then they had quieted. 
“Luna,” one woman had greeted with a cold nod, “were you planning on showing up to the refugee meeting? I’m afraid we just finished.” 
“Finished?” I tilted my head in confusion, “The meeting was set for 5?” 
“Oh! Well, the Alpha’s mate had moved it to 4,” the woman looked perplexed, “she didn’t te you?” 
“No. She didn’t,” I muttered. 
“Oh! She must have forgotten. She’s such a dear, and so busy with helping everyone! She told us that she was setting aside some produce from the garden just for us. I can’t imagine how she finds the time…” the woman rambled on. 
Inwardly I fumed, but I tamped my frustration down long enough to make sure she knew that I was also available to help her in any way. 
“Oh, I wouldn’t dream of bothering you, Luna.” the woman sniffed, exchanging glances with her fellows, “Dierdra said that you don’t really enjoy this sort of thing. We’ll just take any future issues to her.” 
I had stomped all the way back to the pack house, water sloshing in my boots. 
Yesterday I had been summoned to another pack hearing, this time to decide on a punishment 
1.2 
Chapter 122 
+25 Bonus 
for a young man who had been caught stealing from his neighbor’s henhouse. 
Or at least, that was the claim. The neighbor had caught the young man sneaking around the back of his house, and looking at the neighbor’s lovely daughter, I had a good idea why. I saw the looks the two young people were passing back and forth. 
He’d been raiding something, alright. 
“The defendant will do 40 hours of community service of the plaintiff’s choosing.” I had ruled, thinking that if the young man proved useful enough, perhaps the family would be more amenable to him seeking their daughter’s company in more circumspect ways… 
And then Dierdra had spoken up. 
“While I applaud the Luna’s, erm, lenience, surely this young man’s brawn would be better served scouting on our borders with our warriors? Safety should be our first priority, don’t you think? We don’t want any of those nasty rogues invading Nightwolf territory and threatening our women and children…” Dierdra had shuddered theatrically and the pack members in attendance had started muttering. 
“The defendant is not yet old enough to serve as a warrior,” I had reminded the council. 
“Oh! In my pack everyone learned how to fight at a young age, was that not the way you were raised, Luna?” Dierdra frowned, “How unusual… It must be a real adjustment for you to have joined a pack that makes protecting the village everyone’s responsibility…” 
And so on. 
By the end of the meeting, the council had sided with Dierdra and the young man and woman had exchanged anguished looks as he was hauled away to the border. 
Now I stared at the broken pieces of my dinner and wished that I could smash Dierdra onto th floor with them. 
“Luna?” I heard Gideon knocking at my door, “I heard a crash.” 
“I’m fine.” I snapped, sinking to my knees to pick up the broken shards of china. I shouldn’t have lost my temper, but I felt like I was fighting a losing battle. 
I had been doing my best at my Luna duties, but every time I turned around, Dierdra was inserting herself, subverting my work or claiming it as her own. 
2.2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 123
Chapter 123 
Carefully I piled the broken pieces in my palm and opened my door to take them down to the kitchen and dispose of them. Gideon, thankfully, had retreated back into his room. 
I breathed a sigh of relief. Not only were things tense between us, but Dierdra was his ever- present shadow and she had a habit of cornering me just when I was trying to find a moment to rest. She would use the excuse of passing along a message from Gideon, or checking up on some report I was working on, but most of the time those were just pretenses. 
I tip-toed down the stairs, hoping to meet no one coming up, but when I reached the 2nd floor landing where the pack offices were, I saw Dierdra coming down the hallway. When she saw me, her face took on a vulpine smile that made her look sinister in the grey-green flashes of lightning from the storm outside. 
“Oh, what have you ruined now?” She exclaimed, staring at the china in my hands. She reached out and clasped her hands around mine, while her malevolent smile wrapped around her face. 
I tried to wrench out of her grasp, but she squeezed my hands and I felt shards of china pierce my skin. Thick red drops of blood dropped to the carpet. 
“Goodness, you are so clumsy!” Dierdra tittered, and now you’ve cut yourself!” 
Heavy steps sounded on the stairs above us and she drew back quickly, pulling out a handkerchief, “Let me help you, poor dear.” 
She made a show of dabbing at my cuts as Gideon rounded the corner and came upon us on the landing. 
“Avery?” his eyes flickered to my cut hands and the blood streaming down my fingers, “are you all right?” 
“Oh yes!” Dierdra fluttered her eyelashes at him, “‘Avery cut herself on these dishes, and I’m just helping her clean herself up. Really, dear, we should get you to the washroom and rinse this out.” 
“Well, if you’ve got it handled.” Gideon gave a nod and continued down the hallway to his office. Once his door shut, Dierdra dropped all pretense of being ‘helpful’. 
“I’d better get in there.” She tossed her hair over her shoulder, “Gideon doesn’t like it when I’m gone too long. He needs me too much. Do be more careful, will you?” 
And then she sashayed down the hallway. 
The cuts burned as I watched her retreat. 
The pain anchored me. Otherwise I felt like I might drift up into the stormy sky and let the winds tear me into pieces. 
12 
Chapter 123 
+25 Bonus 
There was no maelstrom out there that could compare to the emotions swirling within me violently in this moment. I could feel them beating at my ribcage, demanding to be let out in all their howling, terrible fury. 
‘Not today.’ I whispered to them, and to myself, but one day. I promise.’ 
I washed my hands in the kitchen, watched the blood swirl around the drain in a kaleidoscope of crimson. I found some scraps of linen and bound my cut palms and fingers clumsily. 
“Oh! Sorry Luna, I didn’t realize anyone was in here,” a kitchen girl I didn’t recognize entered through the back door. 
“Is Anna around? Or her assistant?” I asked. They weren’t exactly friends, but they were pack members who had been kind to me once, and right now I could use some of the cook’s steadying presence. 
“Sorry Luna,” the kitchen girl looked uncomfortable, “Anna has been assigned to preparing private meals for the Alpha and his mate. She won’t be running the pack meals anymore. Apparently the Alpha’s mate requires a particular diet…” 
“I see. Thank you.” 
The girl bowed and scampered away, probably all too happy to get away from the cursed Luna. 
Dierdra had quickly eroded any progress I had made in the past few weeks at building connections here. She claimed my accomplishments as her own, and she was effective at turning pack members against me who had once been pleased with my work. 
She reassigned the few wolves I counted as friends, while she warmed my husband’s bed. Gideon turned a blind eye to her faults while holding a magnifying glass to mine. I had no remaining family. 
I stepped out the back door into the storm and tilted my face back. The rain coursed down my cheeks and hid my tears. 
4 
Soon I would have nothing left. 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 124
Chapter 124 
Avery’s POV 
The storms continued into the next morning. It turned the paths between the garden beds into thick mud that built up on my boots until I had to scrape it off with a piece of wood. 
The Full Moon was approaching, the second month since I had mated with the stranger in the woods. I wandered through the trees in my sanctuary and reflected on how different my life would be if that hadn’t happened. 
Would I still be living in my father’s house? Would I still have married Gideon? 
Ryan would still have betrayed me, I knew. Zara’s scheming was too effective, and his will was too weak. But if I hadn’t run off into the woods that night, would I have entered my first heat and been marked? 
I had done magic to attract Gideon’s mate to him, but the mate it had brought was false and instead of resolution, now I was in misery. 
Cold water soaked through my hair, which I had left unbound. The droplets soaking through my clothing was a reminder that I was here. That I was alive. 
Before our wedding I had worried about feeling trapped. Now I was far beyond that. I felt like a wolf ready to gnaw its own leg off to escape. 
My bandaged fingers snagged on the bark of the trees as I brushed past. They were impervious to the damp and the cold. I wished I could emulate their impassive faces. 
Beyond my personal injuries and wounded pride, the knowledge I had earned through my hard work as Luna so far told me that what Dierdra was doing was wrong. She was taking shortcuts that would ultimately hurt the pack. 
If Gideon was resolute in turning a blind eye to my suffering, that was one thing, but surely he would care if he knew that Dierdra was putting the pack in danger? 
I bit my life and weighed the risks of taking what I had observed to him. Finally I turned my boots towards the pack offices and squared my shoulders. 
I had to try. I owed it to the pack, as their true Luna. 
I rapped my knuckles on Gideon’s door, dripping water onto the welcome mat. 
“Come in,” came his familiar baritone. 
I opened the door and froze. 
Dierdra was perched on Gideon’s lap, the top buttons of her blouse undone, and her tousled head resting on his shoulder. Above the crown of her head, Gideon looked at me with an impenetrable glance. 
13 
Chapter 124 
+25 Bonus 
“Luna, how can I help you?” 
He made no move to excuse Dierdra. 
I drew in a deep breath and marched towards the desk. 
“Alpha, you have previously given me permission to render punishments and corrections for minor infractions of pack rules. I have come to ask that you allow me to do so in a few sensitive cases I have observed.” 
“Oh?” Gideon straightened, absently shifting Dierdra to an empty chair nearby. She squawked at the upheaval, but he ignored her. 
“What sort of infractions have you observed?” he asked. 
“Disruptions to schedules and pack member assignments that do not take the greater good of the pack into account. Usurpation of authority in handling new residents’ integration into the pack. Placing minors in dangerous assignments that they are not qualified to handle.” I kept one eye on Dierdra as I spoke. 
Gideon’s eyebrows raised, “Those are serious accusations. Were these infringements all by a single person, or several?” 
“One individual appears to be responsible.” I said emphatically. 
“Who is it?” Gideon asked. 
“It’s the Alpha’s mate.” I said vehemently. 
Gideon recoiled at the revelation, his expression shuttering. Next to him, Dierdra ceased twirling one of her curls around her finger and sat up straight. 
“Is what the Luna says true?” Gideon turned to Dierdra with a scowl. She shrunk back from 
gaze. 
“No, Alpha! I have been trying only to be helpful!” She protested, “I overheard some complaints about the way the Luna was handling things, and I thought I could help make it better.” 
Dierdra sniffled convincingly, avoiding my stare. 
“Alpha, if you are serious about keeping me as your Luna, then I insist that I be able to handle my duties unhindered by Dierdra’s meddling.” I said stiffly, “She is seeking to undermine my authority, and it is creating confusion and discontentment.” 
Gideon rubbed his hands across his face, “I don’t have time to solve petty disagreements.” He sat back in his chair and glared at me. 
23 
Chapter 124 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
仙 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 125
Chapter 125 
“If Dierdra was just trying to be helpful, then you should find ways for her to take some tasks off your plate. She’s trying to find her place, the same way you once did. I would think you could have sympathy for that!” 
Dierdra simpered and reached out to grasp the arm of Gideon’s chair, “It’s been really hard finding ways to help that Avery isn’t hogging to herself! I just want to be useful.” She fixed her puppy-dog eyes on Gideon’s face and managed to look cutely pathetic. 
“See,” Gideon gestured at her, “she just wants to help. I would rather you two find ways to work this out between you than bother me settling petty squabbles.” 
“Alpha, she sent a teenager to the front to fight with our warriors instead of the community service I assigned him.” I said, coldly, “and she has reassigned the pack cook from her mess hall assignment to act as private chef, which has thrown the kitchens into disarray.” 
Gideon frowned at my words, and turned to look into Dierdra’s tearful face, “Dierdra, I know you’re just trying to help, but we do have some rules for a reason,” he patted her hands gently, and handed her a handkerchief from his desk, “since you are new, maybe you should listen to the Luna for a while.” 
“Yes, Alpha.” Dierdra said softly, twining her fingers into his and giving him a shaky smile, “I just want to make you happy.” 
“And you will, I am sure.” Gideon smiled at her before turning back to me, “Is there anything else?” 
Behind his back, Dierdra was shooting me daggers with her eyes. I ignored her, and met Gideon’s gaze with a cool stare. 
“That is all, Alpha.” 
“Good, because I have something I wanted to pass along to you as well. Apparently there have been some complaints about you missing important meetings, like our refugee orientation? Those sorts of programs are essential for making our newest pack members feel welcome. I can’t stress enough how important it is to have the Luna there, showing that the hierarchy takes an interest in their issues.” 
Gideon frowned at me while Dierdra covered her smile with her hand. 
“That was due to an unfortunate scheduling error.” I gritted my teeth, “It will not happen again, Alpha.” 
“See that it doesn’t. Dismissed.” Gideon waved his hand, and before I was even out the door, I saw Dierdra snuggling up to him again. 
What a bitch. 
I closed the door more strongly than I needed to, and from across the hall, Bennett, Gideon’s 
Chapter 125 
See the c 
+25 Bonus 
father stuck his head out of his office. 
“Ah! Luna, a word please?” he beckoned me over. 
“Yes, sir?” I followed, confused. I had only interacted with Gideon’s family at meals and a few key events like my arrival, wedding, and when Gideon had exiled his brother. 
“Ah, yes, this is a bit of a delicate matter,” Bennett had the grace to look embarrassed, ” Obviously your wedding night request to stay with my son was within your rights, but I must ask that you give him and his new mate more space. This is a fragile time for a pack, and there have been complaints that you might be intruding.” 
“I… what?” I stammered, confused. 
Bennett patted my arm, “I know it’s awkward, but think of Gideon and Dierdra as the newlyweds in this scenario. You wouldn’t invite yourself along on their honeymoon, now would you?” 
“N-n-no?” I tilted my head, trying to follow what he was saying. 
“Good! Because you wouldn’t be wanted!” Bennett chuckled, “Best to find somewhere else to be when young love is in the air. Just… give them a bit of space. None of this barging into offices nonsense.” 
“You… think I should avoid coming to Gideon’s office?” I asked, “But I’m Luna, and there are pack issues to address.” 
“Oh, I don’t mean to interfere with pack business,” Bennett laughed affably, “Just, maybe keep it to one visit a day, dear. You can do that, can’t you? That’s a good girl. After all, you don’t want people to talk!” 
And then he shut his office door in my face, leaving me standing in the hallway. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 126
Chapter 126 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
I didn’t think I had it in me to work harder than I already was, but the image of Dierdra smirking at me from behind Gideon’s back was hugely motivating. I set my alarm early, and did rounds late, checking each pack building, each area where pack hierarchy provided a service to the community. 
I caught a few mistakes before they became real issues. The kitchen freezer was unplugged one night, and I noticed before the temperature rose high enough to require throwing out food. There was no sign of who had unplugged it, and none of the kitchen workers had seen anyone near it. 
Someone had sprinkled salt on one of the garden herb beds, destroying the soil. Madelyn and I worked long hours digging out the ruined soil and replacing it with fresh compost and dirt. The tender lettuce and spinach that were disrupted were served as salad at that night’s pack dinner, to rave reviews. 
I had strong suspicions as to who was behind these acts of sabotage, but without proof, there was no point in bringing them to Gideon. He would just take Dierdra’s side anyways. 
While I hated the advice Bennett had given so ‘helpfully’, I did find some relief in avoiding both Gideon and Dierdra whenever I could. 
Instead I set up my ‘desk’ in the village coffeeshop window bar, and spent many hours throughout the week staring at the pack members walking past while I worked, and making small talk with those who entered the shop. 
If there were accusations that the Luna wasn’t working hard, then I would have to work more publicly. 
No one who saw the many hours I spent at that table could accuse me of wasting time. Ar had the extra advantage of keeping me away from the ‘newlyweds’. 
I also was able to keep more of an ear on pack gossip being embedded in a community center. People weren’t careful not to say much in my presence, but stray comments came to me here and there. 
The older generation was more dubious about splitting the role of Luna and mate, though they were always careful to give Gideon respect. 
The younger pack members seemed more sympathetic, and sometimes they would swing by to say hello, though usually shyly. They were close to me in age, though some were not yet adults, and I got the impression that they were not fooled by Dierdra’s fake demeanor. 
We were able to find common ground talking about hobbies and music, and it was one of these young men who brought me the invitation. 
“Luna?” I turned to see the messenger standing at my elbow. “An envelope has arrived for 
1/3 
Chapter 126 
+25 Bonus 
you.” 
I looked him up and down. He was maybe only a year older than me, so 20 or so, and he had a clean-shaven, earnest face. He was good looking and I knew many of the other young women were considering choosing him at the next mating moon. His name was Maverick. 
“Thank you,” I murmured, taking the heavy envelope he held out. The paper was thick and creamy. I broke the wolf’s head seal and opened it to find a piece of vellum nestled within satin lining. The calligraphy on the outside read Alpha Ball’. 
The script inside read, “Luna Avery Nightwolf is hereby invited to the communal gathering of pack hierarchy known as the Alpha Ball. Formal dress is encouraged.” An address, date, and time followed. The date was for the next Full Moon, in a little over a week. 
(( 
“I hear it’s a pretty swank event, miss, er, Luna.” Maverick was still hovering by my elbow, All the Alphas attend with their Lunas, and there’s dancing. Sometimes fights break out.” He sounded excited at the last bit. 
“With all the Alphas in one place, I’m not surprised,” I said, “I wonder if Gideon will go.” 
“Oh yes, Luna!” Maverick exclaimed, “the Alpha Council puts it on, and not attending is considered a slight to the Council.” 
I waved at him to be about his business, and then sat thinking. If all the Alpha’s attended, then that would mean Ryan and Zara would likely be there. Perhaps there would be an opportunity to make Zara reveal the location of my mother. 
I packed up my workspace and trudged back up the hill to the pack house. The rain was finally clearing up, leaving huge puddles along my path that I skirted carefully. 
My steps slowed as I approached Gideon’s office. I could hear Dierdra’s voice from the end of the hallway, and that was almost enough to make me turn around and leave, but I had alrea avoided them both for several days, and this was important. Gideon and I could formulate a plan to question Zara. 
I steeled myself and knocked on the door. 
“Yes?” Gideon already sounded irritated as I opened the door and stepped inside. 
This time, Dierdra was sitting on his actual desk, legs crossed, hiking her short skirt up around her thighs. I ignored her and held out the invitation for Gideon to see. 
“Alpha, I have received this invitation and wished to inquire if you will be attending.” 
Gideon pointed at a similar invitation on his desk “Traditionally, yes. Barring any emergencies, we will both go together.” 
“Ooh~! A party?” Dierdra clapped her hands and squealed, “Oh, Gideon, I want to go!” 
I sighed in irritation. Of course she wanted to but in. 
23 
Chapter 126 
+25 Bonus 
“It’s the Alpha Ball.” I said, “For Alphas and their Lunas.” Not you, is what I wanted to add. 
“I would love to see the world!” Dierdra ignored my comment, “and oh my gosh it would be incredible to see all the other Lunas in their lovely clothes! Oh Gideon, please! Your Luna can stay home and keep everything running and you and I can go!” 
Gideon tapped his fingers on the desktop, thinking. 
What was there to think about? And why did Dierdra need to insert herself into every little thing?! 
I was the Luna. I was the one who was supposed to enter the ball on Gideon’s arm. To show up with Dierdra instead would be a slight. 
“Alpha,” I said in a warning tone, “The invitation does not mention mates. It might be seen as impertinent to bring her.” 
“Oh you’re no fun!” Dierdra shot me daggers before turning back to Gideon with a pout, “You know how hard I’ve been working, this would be a reward!” 
“I’m sure it’s super boring.” I said to her, “I’m sure it will be all about pack alliances and business. You will probably be the youngest person there. The rest will all be old Alphas with big long beards and white hair.” 
“Is that how all Alphas appear to you?” Gideon said to me dryly. “Does that mean you don’t want to go?” 
I reddened slightly at the rebuke, “I am your Luna, and I intend to be seen as such in all circumstances that warrant it.” 
“Very well.” Gideon sighed, “Then I shall have to take you both.” 
“What?” I said, incredulous. 
“Okay, but you have to promise to dance with only me!” Dierdra smiled brightly, while flicking me off behind her back. 
“Alpha, I must .” I stammered, “It will send an odd message to the other Alpha’s that you don’t see me as your Luna fully if you bring both of us.” 
“Nonsense.” Gideon waved a hand, “You are reading into it too much. You will attend, as you have been invited, and Dierdra will come as my date. That seems fair enough.” 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 127
Chapter 127 
Avery’s POV 
I was so irritated at Gideon’s decision to take Dierdra and I both to the Alpha Ball that I left his office without discussing Zara with him. I would have to go back at another time to bring it up, but I couldn’t stand to be in Zara’s presence for another moment. 
Unfortunately she followed me out of Gideon’s office. 
I ignored her as I marched towards the stairs, but she caught up to me at the top of the landing. 
“Avery,” she said and I whirled towards her. 
“What do you want?” I snapped. 
“Oh, goodness, you’re so aggressive!” Dierdra feigned shock, “I just wanted to inform you.” 
“Inform me of what?” I narrowed my eyes. 
“That I am going to take both Gideon and the Luna position of course.” Dierdra gave a sinister grin that transformed her face into a mask of malevolent intent, “Honestly, it’s going to happen one way or another, so you might want to pack your bags now.” 
“I won’t let that happen,” I declared, taking a step towards her, “one way or another, Gideon will find out what you are.” 
“Oh no, what are you going to do?” Dierdra threw her hands in the air in mock horror, Gideon already likes me better than you. He says that you’ve got a long ways to go to becoming a capable Luna. You should just give up now and stop embarrassing yourself.” 
Had Gideon really said that about me? Even knowing that Dierdra was probably lying, the thought still stung. I had given up on earning Gideon’s romantic affections, but I had still hoped to prove that I could make our arrangement work, that I could be a good Luna. 
I still had lots to learn, yes, but I had come a long way in the month or so I’d been here! 
“You’re the one who is embarrassing,” I tried not to let the hurt play on my face, “always hanging off of Gideon like you can’t live without him.” 
It was more than I should have said. I shouldn’t have let her know that it bothered me, but the words spilled out without thinking. 
“Oh ho!” Dierdra crowed, “Do you even hear yourself? You are so jealous!” 
She swayed closer to me with a cruel look in her eyes, “You know, he brought me flowers yesterday? I think he’s super in love with me. You should hear the way he calls out my name when-…” she covered her mouth and giggled, “oh, you probably don’t want to hear what he says when we’re together, but you get the idea.” 
I closed my eyes against what she was saying. Each word was like a knife between the ribs. 
13 
Chapter 127 
+25 Bonus 
I couldn’t take any more of this. I turned to go down the stairs. 
“Enjoy your fun while it lasts,” I told Dierdra over my shoulder, “One day he’ll figure out what you are, and when he does, I’ll be there to watch your fall.” 
“On the contrary,” Dierdra hissed, “you’ll watch it now, and you’ll be the one who pays.” 
That didn’t make any sense. I frowned and turned to look at her, just as she shrieked, “No! Avery stop!” and threw herself past me down the stairs. She slid down the hard wooden risers and hit the landing below with a loud thud that had to hurt. 
I gaped at her, disbelieving. Dierdra winked at me and raised her middle finger as she started to shriek, “Ahh! Oh my god! Gideon help! She pushed me!” 
I heard the door to Gideon’s office open behind me and his heavy footsteps thudded in a run down the hallway. He leapt past me down the stairs to land next to Dierdra. 
“What happened?” Gideon bellowed. Dierdra raised a shaking hand and, between sobs, said, ” Avery attacked me because she can’t stand that I’m your mate!” 
Oh that bitch. I shook my head, “Gideon, she threw-” 
Dierdra increased the volume of her yelling, “She said if I was injured I couldn’t attend the Alpha Ball!” She turned her body towards Gideon’s chest and he wrapped his arms around her. 
“That’s not what happened,” I said, but Gideon wasn’t listening. His hands were examining Dierdra’s body with a familiarity that hurt to see. 
“Your leg is badly bruised,” he frowned, “do you think you can stand on it?” 
Dierdra shook her head, biting her lip against the pain, “I don’t think I can. Can you carry me to your room?” 
Effortlessly, Gideon lifted her in his arms and began to climb the stairs up to the third floor bedrooms. As he passed by me with Dierdra cradled to his chest, he stopped to address me. 
“Go to my office and wait for me. This will have consequences. 
His face was rigid with rage, a vein jumping at his temple. 
“Gideon, I didn’t do it.” I said, softly. 
“Liar!” Dierdra sobbed, “She said that it wasn’t fair that I was your mate. She hates me!” she snuggled against Gideon and nuzzled her face into his neck, “Please protect me! She’s not fit to be Luna.” 
“Hush,” Gideon shushed her like one would soothe a child, “Let’s get you to a place you can rest that leg, and get some ice on it. Avery, go wait for me. That’s an order from your Alpha,” his voice used that commanding tone that ensured immediate obedience. 
Wordlessly, I turned and returned to his office and paused outside the door. Behind me, I 
03 
Chapter 127 
+25 Bonus 
could hear Gideon taking Dierdra upstairs and the soft, gentle things he was telling her to calm her down. 
Despair was rising within me. Gideon would think that I had pushed Dierdra for my own gain, and he would never forgive me for it. Nothing I could say would prove otherwise. 
Even if I told him the truth, I had no evidence to back it up. He hadn’t believed me about any of the other shenanigans Dierdra had pulled so far, so why would this be any different? 
I was fucked. 
I went into Gideon’s office and shut the door behind me. I sat in the armchair that faced his desk and waited. 
Upstairs he was probably taking care of Dierdra’s self-inflicted injury, and I was sure she was playing it up. Telling him about all the mean things I ‘said’ to her, which were actually the things she had said to me. 
I curled up into a ball on the chair and buried my face in my arms. 
If Gideon just dismissed me, I would be getting off lucky. If he truly believed I had harmed a pack member unprovoked then he could order another punishment, including having me beaten or worse. 
I remembered when he had stood up for me after Jessica and I had fought, but I didn’t get the feeling that would happen twice. If anything, it would just serve as more evidence that I had a history of attacking pack members. Because he believed Dierdra was his mate, and he refused to believe that she could do anything wrong. 
Angry tears flowed down my face and I wiped them away with my sleeve. Minutes ticked by, then fifteen, then thirty. The light outside the window faded and turned gold, then red with 
sunset. 
Alone, I awaited my punishment. 
L 
Still, Gideon did not return. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
3.3 
Chiccter 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 128
Chapter 128 
Gideon’s POV 
It was dark by the time I returned to my office. Dierdra had demanded that I bring her ice for her leg, and then one thing after another had conspired to keep me by her side. Finally she was resting and I was able to sneak away. 
It felt strange to think that I had to sneak away from my mate, but she was particularly insistent that everything be ‘just so’ and since she was hurt, it was hard for me to say ‘no’. 
I admit I had almost forgotten about Avery until I was heading down the stairs. My twinge of guilt was quickly followed by a renewed surge of rage that Avery had dared to push Dierdra. What in the world had come over her to do that? It really wasn’t like her to lash out in that way. 
Waiting a few hours served her right. I couldn’t wait to chew her out. 
I opened the door to my office. 
She wasn’t there. 
I frowned into the dark room, the lights were out and the rising moon was just brushing the sill of the window. Where could she have gone? And how dare she defy my order? 
I was just about to call for my Beta to haul Avery to me when something stirred in the darkness. 
I whirled around to find Avery curled up in a ball in the chair in my office. She had one of my jackets over her shoulders and she looked so small underneath it. 
I was about to start angrily yelling at her when I realized she was asleep. Her dark lashes lay on her pale cheeks, marred by tear tracks that shone in the moonlight. 
For a moment my heart panged and I studied her for a long moment. She had lost weight in these last few weeks, her knees and shoulders were bony and thin. Her fingers where they clutched the hem of my jacket were slender and fragile-looking. 
She had dark circles under her eyes, and her lips were chapped where she’d been biting them. 
She was a mess, and it should have made me more angry that she was struggling so much, but I found pity rising in me instead. I stalked to my chair and sat, trying to sort out my feelings. 
Her behavior was inexcusable, as were the ways in which I had been informed by my pack that she was slipping as Luna. If she was incapable of upholding her end of our contract, then my obligation to continue to hunt for her mother would be voided. 
Truthfully, I was disappointed in her, not just for what she’d done to my mate, but because the first few weeks here she had showed such promise. Then it felt like she had lost her mind over my mate’s arrival and everything had become terrible. 
She stirred again, and I frowned. I should wake her, kick her out of my office and give her my 
113 
+25 Bonus 
punishment, but what would be suitable? 
While I scowled, contemplating my options, Avery’s eyes flickered open. For a few moments, she didn’t notice me as she blinked to adjust to the darkness, then I saw her still and knew I had been spotted. 
“Luna,” I said. 
“Alpha,” she responded in a voice that creaked with exhaustion, “You came.” 
The statement should have sounded like an accusation in the circumstances. Yes, I had unintentionally taken a very long time to come back. Somehow, however, I heard no accusatory tone. 
It sounded more like Avery was glad to see me, and that took the wind out of my sails somewhat. I wasn’t here to spend time with her for fun, I was here to punish her for what was a willful and terrible infraction of pack laws. 
I turned on the lamp on my desk and we both blinked as its cone of yellow illuminated my desk and brightened the room. 
At the look on my face, Avery straightened in the chair and turned towards me, adopting more of that formal air she had worn of late. Her Luna business-demeanor in place, she tucked her hair behind her ears and rested her hands in her lap, waiting. 
“Your actions towards my mate, Dierdra, are unacceptable,” I scowled and watched her flinch at the harshness of my tone, “Those sorts of underhanded tricks are not suitable for a Luna.” 
“Gideon, I-,” Avery began and I cut her off. 
“You will refer to me as Alpha.” 
She swallowed and blinked, then slowly found her words again, “Alpha, I did not push you mate.” Her voice was soft but clear. I stared at her, incredulous. 
“So you want me to believe, what? That Dierdra harmed herself intentionally?” 
Avery looked uncomfortable but nodded. 
“Your continued lying after what you have already done is incomprehensible,” I roared, my temper spiking. My voice was no doubt carrying outside my office, but I didn’t care, “The act of violence alone would be inexcusable, but to lie to me on top of it… Do you wish for the harshest punishment?” My hands trembled with anger and I placed them flat on my desk to calm myself. 
Avery had cringed from my shouting, though her wide eyes watched me, terrified but determined in her slender face. 
“I am sure I will be justly punished for that which I have done,” she whispered, “but I will never lie to you, Gid-… Alpha.” 
213 
Chapter 128 
+25 Bonus 
I slammed my fist onto the desk. I hated that she was acting like this, and I hated what it meant I would need to do. If only she had confessed, this would be so much easier! 
“What am I going to do with you?” I growled, “Why couldn’t you just leave Dierdra alone? I have heard reports of you interfering in situations she was involved in, and that is after I thought we had agreed that you would help support her projects! Now pack members and my own family are unhappy with you as Luna!” I ranted. 
Avery flinched at the accusations. Her fingers clutched at the edges of my jacket on her shoulders, as though she was finding comfort in its embrace. Why did that hurt my heart so? 
Her cheeks had flushed a deep, angry red in the lamplight, and the rosiness in her cheeks only made her look more beautiful. I hated that her very presence was so distracting, and turned my back on her to stare out the window, my fingers steepled in front of me. 
“I imagine you will do with me whatever you want,” she said, voice tight and angry, “and I will accept it, but I will not forgive you if you believe her over me.” 
It was an outrageous demand and I couldn’t believe I was hearing it. Slowly I spun back around to face her furious gaze. The impertinence! 
“I am Alpha, my word is law here,” I barked, “and as such, I will never need your forgiveness.” 
We regarded each other for a tense moment in the golden darkness of my office. 
“I will contemplate what additional punishments will fit your crimes,” I said finally, “but the first part of your sentence is obvious.” 
Avery stared at me, fists clenched in her lap, “What do you want me to do?” 
I nodded with satisfaction, “You will apologize to Dierdra.” 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 129
Chapter 129 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
L 
“Apologize?” my voice rose at the end of the question. I couldn’t help it. The very idea of apologizing to Dierdra was insulting. Not when I knew what she really was. 
Gideon was watching me over his steepled fingers. His calculating gaze taking in my reaction. There was no mercy in that stare. 
Still, I had to try. He had seemed to hold affection for me once, maybe a scrap of that still remained in him, beneath that intimidating Alpha exterior. 
“I will swear by any oath you choose,” I begged, falling to my knees in front of his desk, “I swear to you that what I have said is the truth. I will not, cannot, apologize to that bitch for the scenario she has manufactured to trick you!” 
Gideon rose from his chair so quickly it turned over and fell behind him with a crash. I quivered as he rounded the desk to grab my upraised hands and twist them painfully. 
“You speak to me of oaths?!” he snarled in my ear, “What do you know of promises made and kept?” 
“I know what we said to each other!” I sobbed, furious, “When we stood in front of the pack and swore by tooth and claw and wolf to bind ourselves to each other! That meant something, Gideon!” 
He released me as though burned and shoved me away, eyes burning coals within his face. He grimaced as though I had struck him. 
“Yes,” he spat the words, “I remember.” 
I scrambled backwards until my back bumped into the chair behind me, my heels scrabblin on the carpet as I stared up at him defiantly. 
“I didn’t promise to stand by and watch as a false mate tries to separate me from my duty to 
you and to this pack!” I shouted, frustrated and terrified that I was only digging myself deeper, “You must reject her, Gideon! You must tell the pack that she’s not your mate!” 
“You do not make demands of your Alpha!” Gideon rose to his full height, looking down at me at his feet with disdain, “I will not listen any longer to your unreasonable delusions. If you do not apologize to Dierdra this instant, then I will consider our contract null and void and wash my hands of both you and your mother’s fates forever.” 
I bowed my head as tears streamed down my face He would not listen to me. Dierdra had hardened his heart against me and turned this man who I had respected into my enemy. 
What could I do now? 
If he voided our contract, then my mother would forever be in Zara’s clutches, and who knew 
1/4 
L 
Chapter 129 
+25 Bonus 
what the Rogue King would do with her? He would still be trying to control me, and I would no longer be under Gideon’s protection. 2 
I had no choice at all. 
In a dead voice, I intoned, “Very well.” 
“Good.” Gideon snarled, “The first wise choice you’ve made in a long time, Luna.” 
He reached down and grabbed my arm, hauling me to my feet. His jacket fell from my shoulders and I shivered in the cold room, my teeth chattering from adrenaline and chill. 
“Upstairs,” he prodded, and dragged me from his office and marched me up the flight of stairs to the bedrooms. 
When he shoved open the door to his room and thrust me inside, I stumbled. Only his hard grip on my arm kept me upright. 
Dierdra had been resting on the bed, but at our entrance she sat upright with excited interest. Her gaze rested on me with poorly-disguised delight. 
“The Luna has come to apologize.” Gideon snarled, shoving me forward. 
I could not find words to say. My tongue felt like it was glued to the roof of my mouth. 
“Has she?” Dierdra sneered, “Go on, then.” She scooched to the edge of the bed and prodded me with her foot. 
I clenched my fists and stared at the floor. 
“Apologize!” Gideon commanded in his Alpha voice and I fell to my knees as the compulsion to obey flooded through me. 
“Dierdra, I…” My heart was beating double-fast in my chest. I felt like I was going to throw up. 
(( 
“…yes?” I raised my eyes to find Dierdra staring down her upturned nose at me, eyes cold and victorious, “Did you have something to say to me?” 
I needed to focus. I needed to remember what was at stake. My mother. 
I needed to not tear Dierdra’s throat out, even though my soul was screaming that this bitch needed to be destroyed. 
“Avery,” Gideon’s boot prodded my leg and I heard the threat in his voice. 
“I apologize,” I forced the words out as though expelling a poison from my body, then gasped for air, lungs heaving. 
“Louder,” Dierdra gloated, “I didn’t hear you.” 
I twisted my head to look up and behind at Gideon. Would he truly make me repeat myself? 
Chopter 
+25 Bonus 
“Again,” his eyes were cold. 
“I told you I will not forgive you,” I whispered, to him, and to myself, “Remember this.” 
His jaw clenched, but his hand shot out to twist in my hair and turn my face back to Dierdra. 
“She must sound as though she means it,” Dierdra commanded, “Really, Gideon, she’s been so awful to me. I think you should exile her from the pack.” 
Gideon’s hand was a hard weight at the back of my skull. One day, I promised myself, I would be as strong and immovable as he was. 
But today was not that day. 
“I apologize to you, Dierdra, for any harm I have done to you,” this time I kept my voice steady and spoke clearly so my apology rang in the room. 
I brought my feet underneath me, and rose, prying Gideon’s fingers away slowly. He released me, frowning, but did not make me say it again. 
You will not break me, I thought, glaring at him. 
For a moment, his eyes widened, then he stepped aside and let me proceed towards the door. 
“What else are you going to do to her, Gideon?” Dierdra whined, “My leg hurts so badly, and she really has been a terrible Luna.” 
I closed the door behind me on the rumble of Gideon’s response. 
Nothing he could do to me would be worse than what he had already required. 
Numbly, I stumbled into my own room and fell onto the bed. My body was humming with anger and sorrow. I twisted my hands into my pillow and shoved my face into it to scream 
The soft down feathers muffled my rage. When I was done, I felt exhausted, but no longer l I was going to explode. 
I had done what I had to, for my mother, and for my own survival. I hated that it was the latest in a long string of terrible experiences I had endured, but Dierdra hadn’t beaten me yet. 
I sniffled in the darkness and hugged my pillow to me. Here in the shadows, I would let myself feel, let myself cry and feel vulnerable and weak, but tomorrow I would become iron and ice 
once more. 
At daybreak I would get up and start all over again. 
I would be the best Luna Nightwolf pack had ever known. 
I would show them all. 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 130
Chapter 130 
Gideon’s POV 
As Avery closed the door and left my room, Dierdra turned her beautiful face towards me with a smile, “Well now, that’s done. Good riddance to her.” 
I didn’t say anything. I couldn’t. 
The image of Avery on her knees, swearing to me that she was telling the truth, was seared behind my eyelids. I saw her there when I closed my eyes. 
I felt upset, but it wasn’t the rage I had felt earlier, when I had been so sure she had been lying 
to me. 
Now I felt a cold trickle in my blood, like the frozen gush of winter’s thaw, when the glaciers sent icy rivulets through our forest. The sound of Avery’s cries as she pleaded with me pierced my heart with shards of ice. 
Dierdra stretched out on the bed, tugging at my hands for me to join her. Reluctantly I lay back, but I didn’t take off my shoes. 
I didn’t want to be here, I realized. I wanted to be out there, in the night, running with my wolf. I wanted to feel something that was clean and cold and not cloying like the heat in this room, or Dierdra’s body as she pressed against me. 
I didn’t want to think. 
“Gideon,” Dierdra pursed her lips together in the way she did when she was about to ask me for something, or when she was unhappy, “I would like you to touch me.” 
I continued to stare up at the canopy of the bed. I didn’t crave sex in this moment, though there were times when even I felt tempted by Dierdra’s figure and feminine softness. While she gave every indication that she wanted more physicality from me, something stilled my 
hands when I touched her. 
Still, I rolled towards her and pressed my lips to hers as she opened her mouth to complain again. Startled, she squeaked into my mouth and fluttered her eyes closed. 
“Mmm…” Dierdra moaned, wrapping her arms around my shoulders and pulling me into her, “yes, kiss me, Gideon.” 
I closed my eyes, trying to let my body just exist here, to allow myself to enjoy this intimacy. Instead, it was Avery who swam before my mind. The way she had come to my room on our wedding night. The sweet way she had felt beneath me, and the tenderness of her lips against mine. 
I found myself remembering the way she had parted as I had kissed a trail towards her breasts 
1/2 
Chopter 130 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh yes,” Dierdra crowed as she felt my body respond to my thoughts of Avery, “that is what I want.” 
She ran her hands down my body and unbuckled my pants, sliding her fingers along the V of my hips towards where the planes of my stomach dipped into my trousers. 
I closed my eyes, trying to focus on the here and now. This woman was my mate. I should want this. 
Dierdra made pleased noises as she attempted to pull me out of my pants, but her movements were clumsy and her fingers were unpleasantly cold against my skin. I caught her hands and opened my eyes. 
Startled at being stopped, she stared at me in the dim lights of my room. 
“What?” she whined, “I want to please you.” 
My eyes searched her face. She looked hungry, and eager, and that should have felt exciting. Instead, I found myself feeling repulsed. Why? 
I sought for something I could say to explain why this didn’t feel right. 
How could I say that it was because thoughts of the Luna I had just punished were filling my head? That despite all that had gone wrong between us, it was still Avery who came to mind when pleasure filled me? 
I couldn’t say any of that. Dierdra would be furious and rightly so. She would make a scene, the way she did when she didn’t get her way. 
Furthermore, I couldn’t allow her to tell anyone that the Alpha had rejected his true mate. It would be an incredible cruelty in the eyes of the pack, and an unconscionable breach of conduct. 
“I…” I scrambled for some excuse that would be acceptable, “Your leg. I don’t want to hurt you.” 
There, that was a good reason. The bruise on her thigh and hip was indeed massive, already purple in several spots where the wood of the stairs and landing had clearly impacted with force. 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 131
Chapter 131 
Dierdra’s eyes flashed in the darkness. 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh, you would never hurt me, I’m sure!” she simpered, leaning towards me and thrusting her breasts towards my face in her lowcut nightgown, “You are so kind to consider it, but I assure you that I want this …” Once more her hands roamed across my body and under my shirt, across the broad planes of my chest, “I want you.” 
“I want you too,” I murmured, even as I stilled her hands and pulled back, “but you need your rest, and I would truly be a monster if I took advantage of you in this state.” 
“Aren’t you though?” Dierdra snapped, then, catching herself said quickly, “I mean, isn’t that what they call you?” 
I froze, “What did you say?” 
She tittered nervously, as though realizing she had fucked up, “Oh, I must have misunderstood. It was just something I heard in the village…” 
“You heard them call me a monster,” I repeated carefully. My heartbeat was rushing in my ears. 
“I didn’t mean to offend!” Dierdra looked genuinely afraid now, “I assumed it was because you are so powerful…” 
She reached for me, but I turned away from her grasping hands and raised my arm to block her 
embraces. 
“The villagers did not call me that because of my strength, or prowess as Alpha, or anything like that,” I said stiffly. 
“…oh.” Dierdra seemed at a loss for words. 
She had started this, now she would get to see exactly what sort of wolf her mate truly was. 
I turned towards her, letting my wolf shine through my eyes, yellow in the darkness. He was just as offended as I was. To have someone who was supposed to be our mate call us by a reminder of the 
worst time in our lives… 
“They call me a monster because I am one,” I said, with the emotionless tone I used when I was at my most merciless. The voice I used when I let the despair take over. 
Dierdra stared at me, eyes wide. 
“They call me that because I killed those I loved most,” I growled, “because no bonds of love or family could stop me. Because there is always the chance it will happen again.” 
There, that was the true me. Now what would she do with it? Would my mate accept my horrible past? 
I watched horror sweep over her face, saw her withdraw and slide across the bed away from me. A part 
1/2 
Chapter 131 
of me rejoiced in seeing her retreat. 
Rejection was a familiar friend. 
+25 Bonus 
There had only been one person who had ever listened to my painful memories and not run away. My heart twinged at the memory of Avery’s sympathetic, open face. The way she had embraced me. 
When I was with her, I had felt whole. 
No one had ever accepted me like that, before or since, so I shouldn’t have been surprised at seeing Dierdra’s expression shutter and her eyes seek the exits in the room in case I turned on her as well. 
Her rejection was just another cut among many. Predictable. Disappointing. 
Solitude would heal my wounds, at least superficially. I needed to be alone. 
I let the mask of humanity slide back over my face, hiding the demon within my blood and the taint of his 
sins. 
“You should rest,” I said calmly, as though the conversation hadn’t derailed abruptly, “I will come to carry you down for breakfast. I’ll sleep in my office. You will sleep better if I’m not here.” 
“Yes,” Dierdra agreed faintly, face pale as her eyes failed to meet mine, “I suppose I will.” 
“Sweet dreams,” I said, closing the door softly behind me. 
Ahead of me was Avery’s door. A minute before I had wanted solitude, so why did I now imagine knocking on that door and seeking her company? 
After what I had just made her do, I was very unlikely to receive a warm welcome. She had said that she would never forgive me. I needed to make my peace with that. 
I left the pack house and transformed into my wolf, prowling through the darkness that had been my only company for decades. 
This was what I deserved. What a monster deserved. 
日 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 132
Chapter 132 
Avery’s POV 
“Wake up.” 
Someone was calling to me. I groaned in protest. I felt like I had only just dropped off to sleep. 
“Avery.” the voice persisted. 
Slowly I opened my eyes and searched the dark room. The sun had not yet started to rise and shadows stretched from every corner. 
“Yes?” I asked, but there was no response. 
There was no one there. 
Confused, I sat up in bed and looked around. My body felt sluggish with fatigue, but I wasn’t as tired as I thought I would be after only a few short hours of sleep. 
“Hello?” I called. 
Had I dreamed that voice? Now that I thought about it, it hadn’t sounded like anyone I knew. A woman’s voice, strong and strident. 
What an odd dream. 
I rose and went to the washroom. I stared at my face in the mirror in the moonlight that streamed through the windows. 
I looked like a ghost. My hair draped over my shoulders in long tresses and my eyes were deep and dark. 
I needed a bath. 
I turned on the hot water and sat on the edge of the tub, watching the porcelain fill with steamy water. 
“Avery,” the voice spoke again and I yelped. It sounded like it was right behind me. 
I whirled and jumped as I saw a pale face next to me, then a second later realized it was just me in the mirror again. 
I peered around the dark bathroom, but the white tile hid no intruders. I got up and looked back into my bedroom, but my door to the hallway was locked and no one was present. 
So strange. Perhaps I wasn’t fully awake. 
As I returned to the washroom I saw something in the mirror that made me pause. The mark on my neck was back, and it was dark and whole, covering where my neck met my shoulder. 
I stared at it in wonderment. It had faded weeks ago when the Moon Goddess had given me her blessing and obscured it for my safety. Now, in the moonlight, it showed stark against my pale skin. 
1/4 
Chapter 132 
+25 Bonus 
I raised my hand to my neck and laid it over my mark. At my touch, I felt it flare hot, as though feverish, 
and then I felt her. 
‘Avery’, came the voice once more, and this time I could recognize that it wasn’t coming from outside, but from inside my head. There was a presence along with it, that could only have been my wolf. 
She was here! 
Joy suffused me, and I grinned like a fool at myself in the mirror, seeing my irises flash yellow for the first time in my life. 
‘You exist!’ I thought to her, exultantly, ‘I always knew you did, but no one ever believed me!’ 
‘I am here,’ her voice sounded distant but strong, ‘I always have been.’ 
‘Then why…?’ I asked, letting my confusion and frustration seep through, ‘…is there still something wrong with me, that you have not appeared before now?’ 
There was a long moment, but I could still sense her presence. It felt as though she was considering her words carefully, or perhaps that there was a delay between us, like we were shouting over great distance. 
‘You must get stronger,’ my wolf said at last. 
I frowned. Stronger in what way? It was true that I hadn’t been eating lately, was that what she meant? Or was it something to do with my magic? 
I conveyed this confusion through our bond, but the wolf did not speak further. Instead, a flood of emotion came from her. Acceptance, love, support, and confidence flowed into me so strongly that it made me gasp. 
Tears sprung to my eyes at the loving emotions. They were stronger than anything I had ever felt before. 
‘Thank you,’ I said to my wolf, ‘I will get stronger.’ 
I stared at myself resolutely in the mirror as I watched the mark on my neck fade away once more, leaving unblemished skin. 
Despite the confusing message, I felt overjoyed. My wolf had spoken! She was with me. 
Although her presence had now faded, I could still summon that sensation of her sending me her support. With that, I felt like I could do anything. 
The sound of flowing water reminded me of my bath, and I turned off the tap and undressed. Climbing into the hot water felt luxurious on my skin, and I slid down until I was submerged. The moonlight through the window dappled the water and stroked along my skin. 
I hadn’t forgotten the forced apology that Gideon and Dierdra had wrung out of me, but encountering my wolf had eclipsed those feelings temporarily. As I floated in the bath, my anger and frustration was still present, but no longer all-consuming. 
Which was good, because I was going to need a clear head to tackle the challenges the morning would 
2/4 
Chapter 132 
+25 Bonus 
I raised my hand to my neck and laid it over my mark. At my touch, I felt it flare hot, as though feverish, and then I felt her. 
‘Avery’, came the voice once more, and this time I could recognize that it wasn’t coming from outside, but from inside my head. There was a presence along with it, that could only have been my wolf. 
She was here! 
Joy suffused me, and I grinned like a fool at myself in the mirror, seeing my irises flash yellow for the first time in my life. 
‘You exist!’ I thought to her, exultantly, ‘I always knew you did, but no one ever believed me!’ 
‘I am here,’ her voice sounded distant but strong, ‘I always have been.’ 
‘Then why…?’ I asked, letting my confusion and frustration seep through, …is there still something wrong with me, that you have not appeared before now?’ 
There was a long moment, but I could still sense her presence. It felt as though she was considering her words carefully, or perhaps that there was a delay between us, like we were shouting over great distance. 
‘You must get stronger,’ my wolf said at last. 
I frowned. Stronger in what way? It was true that I hadn’t been eating lately, was that what she meant? Or was it something to do with my magic? 
I conveyed this confusion through our bond, but the wolf did not speak further. Instead, a flood of emotion came from her. Acceptance, love, support, and confidence flowed into me so strongly that it made me gasp. 
Tears sprung to my eyes at the loving emotions. They were stronger than anything I had ever felt before. 
‘Thank you,’ I said to my wolf, ‘I will get stronger.’ 
I stared at myself resolutely in the mirror as I watched the mark on my neck fade away once more, leaving unblemished skin. 
Despite the confusing message, I felt overjoyed. My wolf had spoken! She was with me. 
Although her presence had now faded, I could still summon that sensation of her sending me her support. With that, I felt like I could do anything. 
The sound of flowing water reminded me of my bath, and I turned off the tap and undressed. Climbing into the hot water felt luxurious on my skin, and I slid down until I was submerged. The moonlight through the window dappled the water and stroked along my skin. 
I hadn’t forgotten the forced apology that Gideon and Dierdra had wrung out of me, but encountering my wolf had eclipsed those feelings temporarily. As I floated in the bath, my anger and frustration was still present, but no longer all-consuming. 
Which was good, because I was going to need a clear head to tackle the challenges the morning would 
2/4 
Chapter 132 
+25 Bonus 
bring. 
Miraculously, my fatigue had fled, and with my body cleaned, I climbed from the water feeling rejuvenated and renewed. 
The obstacles I faced had not changed, but I had. 
I was no longer just Avery, Luna, or even the Moon Goddess heir (whatever that meant). Now I was a woman who had the strength of her wolf behind her. My closest friend had revealed herself to me, and I hoped we would never again be parted. 
I dressed quickly and descended to the kitchens, thankfully meeting no one along the way. I wasn’t yet ready to encounter Gideon or Dierdra, but there were battles I was ready to fight. For starters, I was going to revise how I had been approaching my duties as Luna. 
Being reactive to Dierdra’s bullshit wasn’t working. I was always responding to her schemes, not anticipating them. I would go over all my files, and all my processes, and find ways to build in more fail- safes that would make it harder for external sources to interfere. 
Full of ideas, and eventually coffee, I took my notebook down to the coffee shop and took up my usual seat in the window, scribbling furiously. By the time the sun arose, I had a list of things I could improve for so long as I was here. 
That did not solve the issue of leaving the pack eventually, however. My relationship with Gideon had been damaged by his actions, and I still needed an escape plan in the event he did remove me as Luna, or it became necessary for me to flee. 
My wolf had told me to get stronger, so I would. 
For the first time in a while, I made myself eat a full breakfast. The first step was feeding my body adequately. Then I drafted a note. 
When Maverick, the messenger, appeared on his rounds, I gave him the message. 
“Deliver this for me, please,” I requested. 
Maverick nodded, bright eyes sparkling at me, “You are looking well today, Luna,” he complimented, “I hope you don’t mind me saying so, but you’ve seemed a bit down lately. Today you look happier.” 
“Thank you,” I gave him a genuine smile, “I feel better.” 
And to my surprise, I found I meant it. 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 133
Chapter 133 
Avery’s POV 
The next day I dressed carefully and left the pack house before the sun rose once more. 
A low fog hung over the village, making the air damp and heavy. I breathed deeply and took off at a jog, letting the movement and my steady pace warm my muscles and waken my mind. 
I had put my new procedures in place as Luna, and now it was just a matter of waiting to see what results they produced. If I was doing my job properly, nothing would noticeably change, but everything would be strengthened so that it was less vulnerable to external meddling. 
If Dierdra tried to disrupt things again, the results would be immediate and obvious. I hoped that involving more pack members would also help if I needed to prove to Gideon that her actions had malicious intent. More eyes on the problem meant more chances to catch Dierdra up to mischief. 
For now, though, I understood that she was still resting up in Gideon’s room. At least the harm she had self-inflicted had also restricted her own ability to sneak around causing trouble. Small blessings. 
Up ahead the training grounds of the pack came into view. Surrounded by high walls and stadium-style seating, the hard-packed dirt had training equipment, a track, and several rings marked where wolves could challenge each other to any type of competition. 
As I approached at a run, a murky shape detached from the wall and walked towards me. A tall man, with broad shoulders and a well developed physique. I smiled and waved a hand in greeting. 
“Good morning, Luna,” the warrior grumbled, “and damn you for making me get up early.” 
“Good morning to you too, lan,” I laughed at his surly expression. It seemed out of place on his usual jovial face. I noted that he had a few more worry lines than the last time I had seen him, when he had been upset at being rejected by his true-mate, Jessica. 
I supposed we both had been thwarted in finding true love. Perhaps it was that commonality that had made me send lan a note asking if he wanted to help me with physical training. 
My motivation was simple. My wolf had told me to get stronger, so I would. Additionally, I hoped that increasing my training would give me an edge if my mother and I had to leave in a hurry. 
It was not unlikely that we would reach a point where I would be solely responsible for our defense, and it ashamed me to admit that in my current shape, I was barely able to defend myself. 
“Shall we begin?” I asked lan as we entered the training grounds, “What should we do first?” 
“Well, I was going to make you run,” lan sighed, “but seeing as you jogged here, I assume you are warmed up, yes?” 
When I nodded, he gestured for us to proceed to an area of the grounds that contained several raised platforms, bars, ropes, and swinging tires. 
1/2 
Chapter 133 
+25 Bonus 
“Your muscle tone will take some time to build up, so we will work on agility as your primary strength,” lan explained, “You are slender and light, which will give you an advantage against a heavier, more- muscled opponent, at least temporarily.” 
At his direction I spent the first thirty minutes hopping between circles on the ground, dashing across suspended beams, and dodging tires that swung from ropes across my path. 
“Your cardio needs work,” lan remarked as I collapsed on the ground, panting for air. I could only nod. 
After some water and a bit of rest, we moved to the weight training equipment. I spent time throwing heavy rocks, dragging weights, and trying to slap heavy ropes against the ground. 
“Not like that,” lan laughed as I grunted and heaved, “You have to learn to work with the rhythm of your muscles. Here,” he moved to stand behind me, grabbing my wrists in his huge hands, “step forward as you lift, it will allow you to engage larger muscle groups.” 
I nodded in understanding as he guided me through the movements, shadowing me with his body. 
+2 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 134
Chapter 134 
A movement at the edge of the arena caught my eye, and I turned to see Gideon stalking into the training grounds, his gaze fixed on lan and I where we trained. 
I froze, which caused lan to glance over. He didn’t back away immediately, “Would you like to end our practice, Luna?” he murmured in my ear. 
“No.” I said loudly, “Training is important, and the Alpha has made it clear where we stand regarding romance. He has Dierdra now, and no claim to my body, emotions, or who I spend my time with.” 
Gideon’s keen hearing would certainly have picked up my words, and I saw him stiffen as he leaned against the wall, watching us. 
Behind me, lan gave a low huff that was half-amusement, half-pain, “You play a dangerous game, Luna, but I can understand it,” His expression was pained as we turned to face each other and walk to the next group of equipment. 
“Have things gotten any better with her?” I asked, curiously, “I am sorry that I have not been a very good friend since you told me. I have had… other distractions.” 
“Understandable,” lan forgave easily, “but no, Jessica continues to reject my advances, despite the way I can feel our wolves pulling towards each other. She refuses to talk to me.” 
“I am sorry,” I said, with genuine empathy, “are the wolves always correct?” 
lan frowned at the question, “It’s very rare that a wolf rejects their true mate. Usually it is our human sides that get in the way, and our pride. Sometimes I know she goes out of her way to run into me, though. I think she enjoys tormenting me.” 
“It does appear that way,” I said drily, as more pack members trickled into the training grounds. The sun was rising, and the mist was burning away. Some had come to do training of their own, but it was obvious also that news had spread about lan, Gideon, and I being present. 
“Speak of the devil,” I said in a low voice as Jessica and her entourage of snooty women also entered the arena, dressed in workout clothes, “Did you know she would be here?” 
“Yes,” lan shot me a rueful grin, “and I thank you for helping me work up a sweat before she arrived,” he struck a body-builder pose that was so ridiculous that I had to laugh. 
As I did, I saw Gideon’s head swivel in my direction, and felt those piercing eyes boring into me. 
“Shall we give them a good show?” I whispered, and lan’s grin broadened. 
“As you wish, Luna,” he winked, “but I’m not going to go easy on you, just because we have an audience.” 
He stood in the middle of one of the wrestling circles and beckoned at me to stand opposite. 
“Let’s see if you can take me down.” 
1/2 
Chapter 134 
+25 Bonus 
lan had mass, muscle, and height on me. My first few grappling attempts were pathetic at best, but soon we were both grunting as I managed to knock him off balance and clamber on top of him, binding his legs with my own and trying hard to wrench his arm backwards towards me in an arm bar. 
There were quite a few pack members gathered around the arena, watching us, I realized. I could hear their murmuring as they watched us wrestle. Gideon looked furious, while Jessica was feigning indifference, but I could see her glancing in our direction out of the corner of her eye as she pretended to examine the weights on the weight rack. 
“So close,” lan panted, breaking my hold and flipping me onto my back in the dirt, pinning my wrists with his hands and my hips with his own. 
He glanced down at me, spread beneath him, appreciatively and drawled “if you would like to give a convincing moan for the benefit of our watchers now, I won’t …” 
“Enough.” a loud voice interrupted. 
P 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 135
Chapter 135 
Avery’s POV 
“Enough.” Gideon growled, and the training grounds fell silent, “Get off of her.” 
Unable to disobey a direct order from his Alpha, lan released me and stood to his feet, offering me a 
hand to rise as well. 
“Alpha,” he bowed his head in respect. 
Gideon’s eyes flicked between us as we both stood there, breathing heavily. I could see the muscle in his jaw leaping as he looked me over. 
“Is there a problem, Alpha?” I asked, pointedly. 
“What are you doing?” Gideon questioned, heatedly. I started to answer but he turned to lan, “She needs to train with a woman her own size.” 
“Does the Alpha feel that I am most likely to be threatened by other women?” I sneered, “I can’t imagine why he would feel that way,” sarcasm was heavy in my tone, “Surely rogues and other warriors are more likely to present a threat, so training with lan is the best use of my time if I’m to learn how to take down a grown man.” 
“Does the Luna come to this conclusion from her vast fighting experience?” Gideon said, pointedly. I glanced away. I couldn’t claim to be anything close to a warrior. 
“Train against a matched opponent while learning the basics,” the Alpha growled, “before adapting techniques for uneven competition.” 
“I don’t have a woman to train with,” I pointed out, and so help me if he recommended Dierdra I was going to hit him. 
“I will fight her,” a woman’s voice sounded. We all turned to see Jessica swaggering towards us, her flattering figure on full display in her close-fitting outfit, “the Alpha has but to ask.” 
She smiled coquettishly at Gideon, and both lan and I exchanged eye rolls. Of course. 
“Excellent idea,” Gideon grunted, stepping back and gesturing sharply for lan to do the same. 
Under command from his Alpha, lan could only shout advice at me as Jessica and I entered the wrestling circle opposite each other. 
“Don’t turn your back on her!” he called out from the sidelines. 
Gideon said nothing, and his stare was relentless when I turned my head. I wasn’t sure if he wanted me 
to win or lose. 
“What’s the matter?” Jessica sneered as we circled each other, “Have you fallen out of favor with your beloved Alpha?” 
1/3 
Chapter 135 
+25 Bonus 
“Doesn’t matter, I’ll be delighted to kick your ass,” I called back in challenge, then raised my voice to call out, “Come at me!” 
Honestly, I said it with a bravado I didn’t feel. Jessica no doubt had more practice than I did, and it had been a long time since I had spent any time in bouts like this. Mostly matches with Ryan’s friends when I was hanging out around him. 
I had never been anything other than a mediocre athlete. My limited diet, and the time I spent doing chores for the pack meant I always felt weaker than my peers. My limited victories had been flukes, as pretty much anyone in my age group in Silvermoon had more experience than I did, and better physique. 
But maybe I could manage to pull Jessica’s hair or something. I might lose this match, but it would be a pleasure to try and hurt her. 
I smiled in anticipation as she rushed at me. 
Using a technique lan had showed me, I sidestepped her rush and pushed down on her back as she tried to ram her shoulder into my stomach. 
To my surprise, the maneuver worked, and Jessica squawked in surprise as I pushed her off balance and she sprawled in the dirt. 
“Point!” lan crowed enthusiastically, then trailed off and scratched his eyebrow awkwardly as Jessica shot daggers in his direction. 
“Again,” she hissed, climbing to her feet and launching herself at me before I had time to return to the reset position. 
Startled, I reacted reflexively, spinning as she tried to grab at my legs to grapple me to the ground. Her fingers tore at my leggings, but I broke her grip and managed to get my arm around her neck in a 
headlock instead. 
I hadn’t practiced a move like this before, and I found I was awkwardly off balance as Jessica twisted to prevent my hold from choking off her air. She withdrew, gasping, as my grip slipped. 
“Great attempt, Avery!” lan cheered, “You got this!” 
I shot him a thumbs up, and saw Gideon’s eyebrows were raised in surprise. He quickly reset his expression as I glanced at him. So, I had managed to impress him, even if just a little. 
That feeling gave me confidence to dodge Jessica’s next attempt, using my hip to toss her away as she tried to sidestep behind me and leap on my back. She was growing more irritated, her cheeks red and 
face flushed. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 136
Chapter 136 
+25 Bonus 
“I thought you were going to present a challenge,” I scoffed, hoping to goad her into doing something stupid. Jessica growled, wiping stray hairs away from where they were stuck to her sweaty forehead. 
“Water break,” she complained, and one of her friends ran over with a water bottle. 
lan brought me a drink while I waited for Jessica to be ready again. 
“I think you really rattled her,” he murmured. 
Behind us I could hear snatches of Jessica’s whining to her lackey’s, “…don’t know what she’s been up to 
so fast… she’s changed.” 
“You’ve got speed on her,” lan coached, “but she still has more muscle than you, and more experience. You’ll have to be innovative if she gets you into a more extended position.” 
I nodded and stepped back into the ring as Jessica wiped her face with a towel and tied her hair into a > bun. She looked much more furious and determined as she once again faced me. 
More pack members had joined the onlookers, and I saw them pointing at us with excitement. I wasn’t sure if it was interest in seeing what the Luna could do, or because Jessica was generally disliked, but I sensed I had to do something to make the most of this public momentum. 
“I challenge you, Jessica!” I called out, at a volume that caused the training ground crowd to hush 
expectantly. 
“What are the terms, Luna?” one of the warriors watching on the sidelines stepped forward, nudging his friends who were passing money back and forth, obvious placing bets on the match. 
“First to cause the other to submit,” lan replied with a confident smile at me. His confidence gave me strength and I nodded. 
“I accept,” Jessica snarled, wiping her hands on her pants and crouching. 
“May the best wolf win.” the Alpha intoned impassively, blessing the match. 
Gideon’s unexpected decree lent a sudden gravitas to our face-off. I couldn’t afford to lose! 
I lowered my body towards the earth, pinning my focus onto Jessica’s swift-moving form as she darted 
towards me. 
I felt a surge of confidence and strength, not unlike the surge of love and support I had felt from my wolf the previous day. Could it be that my wolf was lending me strength? 
Although I knew Jessica was throwing herself at me at full speed, somehow it felt like time had slowed. I could see how she was placing her feet, and was able to move myself out of her way easily. I leaned down and grabbed her ankle and threw myself upwards, reversing her course and causing her to spin wildly off course. 
1/2 
Chapter 138 
+25 Bonus 
She caught herself before she hit the ground, and spun back towards me with a scream. Her arms wrapped around my waist, and she heaved, trying to lift my feet off the ground. We grappled messily, each of us trying to unbalance the other. 
“You will not humiliate me,” she hissed in my ear. 
“You do well enough at that on your own,” I jeered back. 
Jessica grabbed for my wrist and twisted, trying to bend the joint painfully. It was a sharp angle and I gasped at the pressure, throwing myself sideways to try and break the hold. 
I kicked a foot out and wrapped it around her knee, dropping to the ground as I did so, and forcing her to collapse with me. The fall broke her grip, and we clambered towards each other, rolling over and over, 
trying to get the upper hand. 
Finally I wriggled my way towards her back and wrenched her arm backwards, my knee between her shoulder-blades. 
Jessica screamed as her shoulder was on the verge of dislocating. 
“Yield!” I shouted, 
With a whimpering cry, she tapped the dirt, and I released her. 
A great cheer went up around the arena. Dazed, I rose as lan rushed over and wrapped me in a huge hug and lifted me in the air. 
“You did it!” he gushed as he spun me around, then abruptly put me down as Gideon glared at him. 
“You’ve changed,” Jessica whined as she dusted herself off. Her cheeks were bright pink with. embarrassment and exertion. Her friends had retreated to the back of the stands, as though they no longer wanted to associate with her. 
“I have,” I stared at her, head held high. She looked away from my gaze and slunk towards the exit. 
I turned to look for Gideon. Would he be proud of my win? 
But he was already leaving. 
Comments 
? 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 137
Chapter 137 
Avery’s POV 
For the next few days, I kept up my training with lan, but neither Jessica nor Gideon attended. Instead, lan’s sister Melody offered to be my same-size training partner. With their help, I continued to work on my strength and stamina. 
I did receive a note from Gideon’s Beta, Tegan, informing me of when our entourage would be leaving for the Alpha Ball. Since it was some ways away, we would be taking a number of pack vehicles and bring enough clothes to last the several days of the gathering. 
I turned into the hallway outside our bedrooms in time to see Deirdre leaving my room with a pair of scissors. She was still limping from her injuries, and at the sight of me, she smiled widely. 
“Oh, Luna!” She said in that fake sweet voice, “I wanted to check to see what you were wearing to the Alpha Ball. You know, we don’t want to be too matchy-matchy, but it looks like all your clothing is torn up! Whatever happened?” She waved her scissors at me and disappeared into Gideon’s room. 
I raced into my bedroom. 
It wasn’t like I had a lot of nice clothes. Most of what I wore daily were simple, everyday outfits that made it easy to work in the garden. However, I had owned two nice dresses. 
The first was the one that I had worn to the Pack Acceptance ceremony, the first time I had danced with Gideon. The second was the outfit I had gotten married in. Both had been simple but beautiful. 
Now both lay in tatters on my bed, torn to ribbons by Dierdra’s shears. 
A sob tore from my throat. I wasn’t usually sentimental with clothes, but both of these had been associated with memories that reminded me of Gideon, and they had meant something to me. 
I picked up the tattered pieces of clothing and held them in my hands. 
According to the invitation, there were several evenings of dancing and other entertainments, and I 
would need at least two dresses suitable for that. 
I needed a backup plan. Dierdra thought if she could keep me from attending the Ball, she would be able to walk in on Gideon’s arm alone. I couldn’t let that happen. 
Wiping my tears, I went into the village to visit the boutique owner who served as tailor for most of the pack. I browsed the racks quickly, but there was nothing suitable to wear to a formal event. 
“So sorry, Luna,” she said apologetically, “The Alpha’s mate has wiped me out. She was in here yesterday and bought up all the dancing dresses I had.” 
Of course. 
I may have limited the ways in which Deirdra could fuck with my Luna duties, but that hadn’t stopped her from interfering with me personally. 
1/2 
Chapter 137 
+25 Bonus 
My eyes fell on some bolts of fabric laying on the counter. 
“Would… Is it possible to ask you to sew something for me instead?” I asked. 
The shopkeeper frowned, patting the bolts with her hand, “To produce the quality required, I would only have time to sew you one dress, Luna,” she said. 
“One dress will be fine,” I nodded, “if you will sell me the rest of this fabric and some needles and thread. Please have someone deliver them to my room.” 
A plan was forming in my mind. 
I went looking for Melody and Madelyn. Both were in the pack mess hall, eating breakfast. At the sight of me, they rose and joined me outside. 
“Are either of you girls decent at sewing?” I asked. 
“I’m not,” Madelyn admitted, “but my sister is amazing at it.” 
“Do you think she would mind helping me with my project?” 
Not everyone wanted to be associated with the Luna who was on the outs. I wouldn’t make anyone help me who might worry about retaliation from Dierdra. This was my battle to fight, alone if necessary. 
“I’m sure she would love to,” Madelyn grinned, “She loves a project, and she’s none too fond of the Alpha’s mate at the moment. She was supposed to apprentice under the old cook, Anna, before she was moved, and now she’s grumpy about it.” 
“Please tell her that I would be greatly in her debt,” I said, “and I’m happy to compensate her for her time if she can meet in my rooms tonight after dark.” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 138
Chapter 138 
As nighttime fell, I snuck the girls into my room quietly, pressing one finger to my lips. 
“This is a secret project,” I whispered, “We must work silently, so no one else knows.” 
Giggling, the other girls nodded, eyes shining. 
“It’ll be like a game, Luna,” Melody smiled. Madelyn’s sister, Ariadne, was a tiny redhead with huge brown eyes and she nodded at me with a shy smile. 
“We’re happy to help.” 
The room quickly became a quiet scene of industry. Madelyn cut out pieces of fabric on the floor, while Melody pinned, and Ariadne sewed with tiny, expert stitches that she produced with astonishing speed. 
I tried to help where I could, but Ariadne took one look at my stitches and laughed, “Better for you to just be our model,” she teased, pushing me towards a stool so I could stand up tall while they fit the pieces > to my body. 
The girls worked through the night, even shoving me into my bed and demanding I sleep so I would be well rested the next day. I held each of their hands and kissed their cheeks in gratitude before climbing beneath the covers and passing out. 
When I woke up, they were gone, but my suitcase was packed, and the dress that was laid carefully across the chair in my room took my breath away. 
The fabric was dark purple, almost black, but Melody had overlaid it with tulle studded with metallic flecks that shimmered against the dark silk underneath and made the whole thing look like a night sky 
filled with stars. 
I had little in the way of jewelry- just the simple wedding band that Gideon had given to me on our wedding day, but Madelyn had cut a piece of black velvet into a choker that would circle my throat, and she had beaded the edge with little sparkling stars to match. 
Just looking at their hard work made me tear up. 
We were due to leave in an hour, and I rushed to bathe and dress. Across the hall I heard Gideon and 
Deirdra leaving their room. 
“Oh, don’t you love my dress?” I heard Dierdra ask as they walked past my door, but if Gideon made a reply I couldn’t hear it. 
I waited until they had gone down the stairs to emerge from my room and descend down the stairs into the foyer. 
I had hoped to reach the cars after them, and enjoy the ride separately, but Gideon and Dierdra were still lingering at the bottom of the pack house steps as I emerged into the daylight. 
I saw Dierdra’s mouth drop open in surprise when she saw me, “How did she…” she caught herself with a 
1/2 
Chapter 138 
+25 Bonus 
quick glance at Gideon, and shut her mouth with a snap, glaring daggers at me. 
I don’t think Gideon even heard that she spoke. His eyes were glued on me as I approached. 
“Where is your jacket, dear?” Dierdra called out, pointing at my bare arms and shoulders where the neckline of the dress dipped and plunged daringly, “surely you can’t go with all that on display,” she pointed at my bosom, and at the goosebumps rising on my arms in the chilly air. 
I had no suitable outerwear, it was true, but it didn’t matter. Gideon’s gaze was hot enough to keep me warm a thousand times over. Even though I was still furious at him, I found myself blushing under his stare. He hadn’t looked away once since I had appeared. 
“Here,” he murmured, shrugging out of his own warm fur-lined jacket and gently helping me into it, “take 
mine.” 
We went to climb into the cars and Gideon courteously helped me into my seat first. 
“You look very beautiful,” he said softly, before closing the door. I saw Dierdra’s furious face staring back 
at me as she walked to their car alone. 
“This is supposed to be MY debut!” I heard her complaining through the window. 
Smiling to myself, I snuggled back into Gideon’s warm jacket and settled in to enjoy the ride. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 139
Chapter 139 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
As night fell, we pulled up to the huge complex that was where the Ball, and surrounding events, would be held. Each represented pack had been given a suite of rooms. Apparently the Alpha Council managed this huge set of buildings expressly for gatherings that required many packs to come together. 
My mouth dropped open as I climbed out of the car into the twilight. The wings of the buildings stretched out to either side on a massive scale, and every window held a candle. The resulting effect was ethereal and spectacular, with so many lit flames illuminating the fancy stonework facade. 
“This way, Luna,” a wolf wearing the insignia of the Council of Alphas bowed and gestured for me to enter through one of the massive wooden doorways that led off of the circular drive. 
Behind me, I saw Gideon’s car pulling to the disembarkment point. From the moment the doors opened, I could hear Dierdra’s voice exclaiming… and complaining. I felt sorry for Gideon, he must have been bored out of his mind being trapped in the same car as her for hours. 
Indeed, Gideon looked very stern as he buttoned the front of his formal suit coat and approached where I stood near the entrance. Formally, he nodded, bowed, and offered me his arm. 
Stubbornly, Dierdra took his other side, and the three of us proceeded through the wide entrance into the ballroom beyond. 
The interior of the gathering hall was massive, and the layout made the two hundred or so people within look even more populous. 
There was a dance floor, of course, and a raised stage where a live band was playing. The perimeter of the ballroom held alcoves where chairs and couches and low tables created comfy niches to socialize in small groups. A long banquet table at one end provided refreshment while a lively bar near the dance floor supplied alcohol and mixed drinks. 
We had apparently been one of the packs coming from furthest away, as it appeared most of the other Alphas and Lunas were already in attendance. That meant it was all the more obvious when our entrance caused the room to quiet and most heads swiveled to regard Gideon, Dierdra, and I as we descended the few steps onto the ballroom floor. 
Dierdra had worn a skin-tight velvet cocktail dress in a bright sky blue that complimented her dark hair and fair skin. My dark indigo gown on the other hand offset my pale hair and eyes. Between us, Gideon’s black suit matched his black hair and dark gaze. I thought in a row we looked like the encroachment of night, my dusk hues bleeding into Gideon’s shadow, then brightening to the sky blue of day. 
We were very striking, and yet that was not what the attendees were staring at. 
“TWO Lunas?” I heard someone exclaim, “Is that even allowed?” 
“Not his Luna, Well, one is. The other is his mate.” 
“Sounds messy, do you think they all… you know?” 
1/2 
Chapter 139 
+25 Bonus 
I blushed as the ill-concealed speculations rose on all sides. We were a spectacle for all the wrong reasons, and as couples began to approach to make introductions and small talk, it only got worse. 
“Very brave of you, dearie, to share your position,” one matronly old Luna whispered to me theatrically, “I tried something like that when I was younger, but then of course I found out he was lying to me, so I 
ended it.” 
“You stopped being Luna?” I asked, shocked. 
“No no, I killed him,” the grizzled Luna gave a terrifying smile and patted the arm of her much younger Alpha, “simplified everything fantastically.” 
“Oh…” I paled, turning to regard Gideon who stared at me blandly, “Sounds messy.” 
“Well, yes,” the Luna smiled, ” most Alpha business is,” before she turned away to compliment Dierdra’s dress. 
“I must say, if I had to guess, you must be the mistress,” a young Alpha bowed to me with a leer. 
“Actually, I…” I started to correct him, but he grasped my hand with a smooth gesture and bowed over it, meeting my eyes even as he kissed the back of my hand expressively. 
“No? Would you like to be one?” The Alpha grinned wolfishly, and I snatched my hand away. 
Was he… suggesting an affair? And why did he assume I was the mistress? I glowered and slunk towards the edge of the room to flop myself on an overstuffed sofa and stare out at the drifting crowd with a distrustful glare. 
The music and noise in the room intensified. The seclusion and avoidance that had initially felt relieving began to feel more awkward and lonely. No one else came to talk to me once I had separated myself from Gideon. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 140
Chapter 140 
Instead I watched as he and Dierdra drifted around the room, chatting with other couples and occasionally dancing. 
Jealousy and hurt began to rise within me. Gideon had said I looked beautiful, but I began to feel like there must be something wrong with how I looked, that none of the other men were approaching me at 
all. 
Finally, a lone Alpha broke from the crowd and swayed towards me, weaving between couches and flashed me a smile that was both handsome and kind. 
“Luna, you look like your legs could use a stretch. You must have come quite a long way. Would you like 
to dance with me?” 
I gave him a grateful smile, “That would be lovely, thank you.” 
He bowed gracefully and hooked my hand through his arm, patting my hand as we drifted back towards the dance floor. His arm under mine was firm and muscled, and his movements were respectful as we stepped into the dance. 
“What is your name?” I tipped my head back to look up into his face. His eyes were bright green, in contrast with his wavy red hair. 
“Reynaud, Luna. Yours?” 
“I’m Avery.” 
He smiled at me, and whirled me around the corners of the dance floor. I swayed along with his movements. I wasn’t a great dancer, but he was good at leading, and it was easy to let his hands guide me into the right spaces between the other dancers. 
“You seemed a bit left out,” my dance partner said as we twirled. 
“I suppose I was, a bit,” I responded. 
“That’s a shame, I can’t imagine leaving a woman like you on the sidelines,” Reynaud gave me that smile again and bent his head a bit closer to mine, “I couldn’t imagine leaving you ever, to be honest.” 
I laughed awkwardly, not sure whether he was just flirting, or offering a censure of Gideon, or both. 
My laughter stopped as the next spin brought me face to face with the Nightwolf Alpha, Dierdra in his arms. For a moment, the music faded from my ears, and I was locked in to Gideon’s black stare, then it resumed again and Reynaud whirled me away. 
“You’re trembling,” Reynaud frowned, “are you cold?” He wrapped his arms tighter around me, placing his hand flat on my back as though he could warm me up. 
Suddenly he stopped dancing, and I was forced to stop as well. I turned my head to find Gideon standing in our path. 
1/3 
Chapter 140 
+25 Bonus 
“Your dance is over,” he said. 
“Alpha Nightwolf,” Reynaud smirked, “I don’t believe we’ve met before.” 
“I know who you are,” Gideon snapped, “Avery, to me.” 
Confused, I released Reynaud’s hand and went to step away, but he did not release me. 
“The Luna and I were enjoying our dance,” Reynaud said pointedly, “perhaps you could take the next one?” 
Gideon stepped closer, head lifted, “I take whatever, whomever, and whenever I choose.” His hand closed on my wrist and he yanked me away from Reynaud, folding him against his side roughly. 
Around us, the dancers had stopped, and were staring as the two Alphas considered each other for a long moment. Then Reynaud bowed and faded into the crowd, and Gideon hauled me off the dance floor 
and over to a couch. 
“Sit,” he commanded. 
I did so, but a second later he went to turn back to the dance floor. 
“Wait!” I called, “Are you just… leaving me?” 
Gideon froze, slowly turned back to look at me. 
“No more dancing,” he said flatly. 
“But you’re going back to dance with Dierdra?” I pressed. He was silent, and I took that for a ‘yes’. 
Fury rose within me, and I stood from the couch. 
“So she and you are allowed to enjoy the party, but I’m not? Is that it?” my voice was rising in volume, and some of the parties near us turned to watch. 
“You will do as you’re told, Luna.” Gideon said coldly. 
I stared at him in disbelief, “Why do you deny me connections to others? Why do you interfere instead of letting me find my own path?” 
Gideon stepped to me quickly, voice low and angry, “You know why. Because you are mine, and forever will be,” and then he turned and walked back to Dierdra who waited with a smirk at the edge of the dance floor. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 141
Chapter 141 
Avery’s POV 
“Oh I can’t stand that man!” I muttered to myself as I stormed through the ballroom towards the back hallway. I couldn’t deal with being in his presence for another minute! 
The audacity to tell me to sit still, to watch him dance with Dierdra, while rebuffing anyone who tried to speak or dance with me? It was ridiculous. I had just as much right to be here as he did, the invitation 
had been sent to me! 
I slammed open the door to the powder room and stormed inside. There was a very nice room with mirrors and chairs for the Lunas who needed to freshen up. Beyond, there were bathrooms and sinks. 
“Who the hell does he think he is?” I growled at my reflection in the mirror, shoving a stray hair back into place. 
“Alphas can certainly be a lot to handle,” a woman was coming out of one of the stalls, and smiled at me as she washed up at the sink, “having trouble with yours?” 
“Always,” I muttered, sinking into a chair. 
“They can’t help themselves,” the woman laughed, “They were created for one thing, to dominate, and they will try and get away with it whenever they can.” 
“Which is constantly, apparently,” I rubbed at my cheeks and put my head in my hands, slumping 
forwards. 
The woman paused by my chair, “Can I give you a piece of advice, from someone who’s been in your shoes?” 
I raised my head to truly look at her. She was older than me, by probably ten years, but her figure and face were still youthful and lovely. She had long auburn hair that spilled over her shoulders and caressed the neckline of her turquoise gown. 
“Please,” I gestured, “I can’t fuck it up worse than I have already, I’m sure.” 
She gave a delightful chuckle and patted my shoulder, “I am sure it can’t be as bad as all that. You are lovely, and I can tell you have that spark that makes a great Luna.” 
Really? She could tell all that having just met me? 
“I know they act like it’s the end of the wold when you defy them, but Alphas do relish a challenge, and they value those who push back. If you’re finding you’re constantly at odds with yours, then you’re probably actually a very good match.” 
“Huh,” I nodded, “I guess that makes sense.” 
“My advice is to be strategic. Let them have the small wins, but make them feel like big concessions. When you find you really do need something from them in return, use that leverage and make it count,” 
1/2 
Chapter 141 
+25 Bonus 
she gave me an appraising look, “I’m Alys, by the way, Luna of the Mistfall pack.” 
“Avery, Luna of Nightwolf.” I nodded in greeting. 
“Nightwolf? Ahhh, that explains a lot,” Alys nodded as though sudden understanding had struck, “you must truly be strong to stand up to Gideon Nightwolf.” 
I hadn’t thought of it that way, “Are most Alphas like him?” I asked, curiously. I knew only Ryan well before this, and that was someone I’d known my whole life and whose flaws and strengths were known 
to me. 
“Oh, some,” Alys shrugged, “they all have their strengths and weaknesses, but Gideon is one that few would want to fight. He’s massively strong, and he knows what he’s doing. He has turned that pack around in the time he’s been Alpha, but his victories have been hard won, and they have made him hard in return.” 
“Were you… friends?” I asked, wondering. This woman made it sound like she truly knew him. 
“Oh I doubt he would call us that,” Alys smiled, she had lovely dimples, “but at one point I thought our paths might run together. We ended up going in different directions instead. Still, if he has you, he must be doing something right.” 
That was very kind of her to say, and I smiled in appreciation as she swept out of the room. 
I sat there for a little while, thinking things over. I couldn’t hang out in the powder room forever, but I wasn’t ready to return to the ballroom. Eventually I decided to just wander through this giant Council Complex and explore a little. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 142
Chapter 142 
+25 Bonus 
It was better than sitting like a doll on a pincushion, waiting for Gideon to remember I existed, which he apparently only did when I did something he didn’t like. 
I drifted down the tall hallways, brushing my fingers along the walls. This place was massive, built on a scale I had never seen in my life. The Nightwolf pack house was similar, but much smaller. 
Beyond the ballroom there were vast servant areas, where I assumed the kitchens and such existed. However there were many wolves coming and going from there and I didn’t want to be around strangers, which was basically everybody. 
There were undercurrents flowing here, in the higher reaches of wolven society, and I felt woefully out of my depth. The Lunas were no less intimidating than the Alphas. It was distinctly different than within a pack where there was a wide variety of personalities and professions. 
Everyone here was powerful, and driven to control others. 
I wasn’t sure I fit in. 
I rounded a corner into a warren of passageways, broken by wide round towers with spiral staircases. The walls held tapestries and paintings and candelabras. They must go through so many candles each day! 
There were voices up ahead, and I slowed as I approached. They sounded familiar. Two women talking. 
I eased up to the next intersection slowly, peering around the corner. 
There was my half-sister, Zara, talking to Dierdra! I gasped and pulled back, hoping they hadn’t noticed 

What were they doing? How did they know each other? Were they plotting something? 
My heart was hammering in my chest. I already suspected Dierdra was a fraud, but I hadn’t imagined she was in cahoots with Zara! This connected so many dots… 
Slowly, I moved closer. The two women were standing halfway down the hallway, and it was hard to hear what they were saying, but the corridors were shadowy in between the pools of light from the candelabras, and I thought maybe I could move forward in those shadows. 
While they both were facing away, I darted forward, pressing myself against a large tapestry. 
“…set backs, but I think it’ll work soon.” Dierdra was explaining something. I could see Zara’s shoulders were set in the way she stood when she was angry or frustrated. Her voice was much louder than 
Dierdra’s when she talked. 
“This is more than we talked about! We need to see some results soon, or the deal is off.” 
Deal? What deal? I frowned and pressed forward, trying to get to a better vantage point to listen. 
1/2 
Chapter 142 
+25 Bonus 
Apparently, this section of the hallway contained a set of statuary on a plinth, which I walked into while staring further down the hallway. I stifled a curse as my foot and hand collided with the marble at the 
same time. 
The delicate piece of pottery balanced on top wobbled precariously, then dove to the floor with a spectacular crash. Shards of ceramic scattered in all directions, and Zara and Dierdra jumped guiltily, whirling to see me emerging from the shadows. 
For a long moment, we just stared at each other. Zara’s stare I was long accustomed to, so I focused my look on Dierdra, who looked flustered and upset. 
“I’ll be telling Gideon now.” I said, turning to go. 
“No one will believe you,” Zara drawled, nonchalantly, “What will you say? That you saw two Lunas talking.” 
“She’s not a Luna,” I pointed at Dierdra, “besides, it doesn’t matter if no one believes me. I already know what you are, and I suspect what she is, and that’s enough for me. I will never stop fighting you.” 
They were stupid, courageous words, and I tried to spit them with my whole heart, but I was 
outnumbered and I knew it. 
The minute Zara started moving in my direction, violence in her eyes, I darted for the exit and didn’t stop running until I arrived back in the ballroom, breathless. 
Gideon was nowhere to be seen. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 143
Chapter 143 
Dierdra’s POV 
Avery’s footfalls echoed down the corridor, moving away from us. Zara turned back from her pursuit with a growl that was truly terrifying. 
“What do we do now?” I asked, panicking, “If she tells Gideon, we’re so fucked.” 
“From what you’ve been telling me, Gideon won’t believe her even if she does,” Zara shrugged, “but it’s not going to come to that.” 
She beckoned for me to follow her up a set of stairs and down a carpeted hallways. 
“You all arrived later than most of the other Alphas,” Zara explained as she strode ahead of me, “but these are the pack quarters. Each pack has a suite of rooms, and they tend to be geographically grouped, so Silvermoon and Nightwolf are in close proximity.” 
> She stopped outside of a set of doors, “These are ours, and those are yours. This is supposed to be a 
place with no crime, so there are no locks on the doors, see?” she opened the door across the hallway and I recognized our suitcases sitting in the middle of a greeting room off of which branched bedrooms, each with their ensuite bathrooms and showers. 
“How does this solve our problem?” I asked, following Zara out of the Nightwolf quarters and across the hall into Silvermoon’s rooms. 
She beckoned for me to follow her into her private bedroom, where she rummaged through her suitcase and pulled out a folded paper packet. 
“Inside of this paper there is a powder,” Zara explained, pressing it into my hand, “Add it to Avery’s drink.” 
“What does it do?” 
Zara shrugged casually, “It won’t harm her, it’s not poison, but it will effect her decision-making, and lower her inhibitions. She will be very susceptible to suggestion, and with this many randy Alpha’s around, it won’t be long before someone makes and advance. When they do, she will be powerless to resist and will go along with whatever they suggest.” 
I nodded, “I don’t think she’ll drink anything I give her,” I pointed out. 
“Get another Alpha to give her the drink,” Zara suggested, “Once she goes with one of them, we’ll barge in and catch her in a compromising situation in the morning. Gideon will be furious, and as a shamed Luna, she will lose all credibility.” 
I was both impressed by the plan, and terrified by this insight into Zara’s mind. Ever since she had recommended that I impersonate Gideon’s true mate, she had been the one calling the shots, but I was learning. 
“Once you see her drink it, let me know, and I’ll have her followed to see whose bed she ends up in,” Zara explained, “then you and I spend the rest of the evening enjoying the ball, and in the morning we out her 
1/3 
Chapter 143 
+25 Bonus 
for the pathetic little slut she is.” 
Zara gave me a malevolent grin and I smiled back. If Avery was out of the picture for good, then I could take over her role as Luna, and have Gideon all to myself. 
I returned to the ballroom, observing that Avery had retreated to one of the couches that was hidden in a dark alcove. She looked upset. Good. 
I didn’t see Gideon, which was just as good. I needed a moment to poison her drink. 
I swooped by the bar and got a cup of punch, then looked a man to deliver it. My eye landed on the red- headed man she had been dancing with when Gideon and I had been on the dance floor earlier. 
Perfect. 
I grabbed another cup of punch for myself, and swayed towards the tall Alpha, batting my eyelashes. 
“Hello,” he greeted as I stumbled into him, “Doing alright there, miss…” 
“Oh! Hello!” I feigned surprise and innocence, “Sorry to run into you. I’m afraid I’ve had a touch too much 
to drink. I need to sit down…” 
Graciously, the tall Alpha helped me into one of the armchairs. 
“Oh goodness,” I sighed, “I was supposed to take this cup of punch to my Luna.” 
“Oh! You’re one of the pair…” the red-headed man trailed off, turning his head to look to where Avery sat,” how extraordinary.” I watched his eyes scan the crowd, looking for Gideon no doubt. I had seen how he’d 
run him off earlier, which was so annoying. 
Why did Gideon persist in keeping an eye on Avery, anyways? He had assured me that he didn’t have feelings for her, but still it seemed like he was always looking for her. 
I sighed with frustration and thrust the drugged cup into the red-haired Alpha’s hand. 
“She’s upset that no one will dance with her, so I said I’d get her some punch for while she sat,” I pouted, “I’m sure she’d love your company.” 
“Would she now, I got the impression…” the Alpha trailed off then shook his head, taking the cup from me, “I thought she was taken.” 
I laughed loudly, “No, no! She’s very single. I’m sure she could use your company,” I patted his arm encouragingly, “Gideon just doesn’t want her over-exerting herself. She’s been working so hard, you see, and has a tendency to over-do it. Honestly, if you wanted to take her back to your room and have a quiet evening, that would be ideal.” 
“Oh?” The Alpha’s eyebrows rose, “You think she’d be open to that?” He looked over at Avery speculatively, as though recalculating his odds. 
“Oh yes, she loves to party,” I giggled, “I’m sure you two would have a great time once she gets a few cups of punch.” 
2/3 
Chapter 143 
+25 Bonus 
“Well, thank you for the assistance. Are you her wing-man?” the Alpha chuckled. 
“Something like that?” my eyes glittered as I sipped at my own cup and waved him off, “Better get going before someone else scoops her up!” 
I watched, pleased, as he wove his way across the room with an eager grin. I saw Avery perk up as he approached. 
“Enjoy, bitch,” I hissed to myself, watching her accept the cup and drink it gratefully, “You’re in for a wild ride.” 
Avery and the red-haired alpha were already smiling at each other and chatting animatedly. I watched as he slid an arm around her shoulders and pointed towards the exit. Avery shook her head at first, but then a minute later they were walking towards the doors. 
I nestled into the couch with a feeling of satisfaction. Now I just needed to wait for Gideon to return from the men’s room, or wherever he’d wandered off to. We would dance the night away and then maybe get up to some fun of our own when we returned to our rooms. 
Visions of catching Avery, naked in bed with another Alpha, floated through my vision. Gideon’s shocked face when he found her with the Alpha he’d warned her away from. The confusion and accusations that would result… 
And any hope Avery had of convincing anyone that Zara and I had been meeting in secret would be ruined, along with her reputation. It was all coming together so nicely. 
If everything went perfectly, Gideon would consider Avery’s betrayal a violation of their contract. She didn’t even know that the red-haired Alpha was from a pack that had sworn to bring down Nightwolf for generations. 
My revenge would be delicious. 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 144
Chapter 144 
Avery’s POV 
I was still so angry from finding Zara and Dierdra plotting in the corridors, and frustrated with myself at being caught. I hadn’t even heard what they were discussing, so it truly was useless intel. 
I stared out at the swirling dance floor, feeling a black melancholic mood descending over me. Coming here had been such a waste of time. Instead of being able to question Zara about my mother’s whereabouts, I instead learned that she was coordinating with Gideon’s true mate. 
It all was falling into place now. The convenient timing of Dierdra’s arrival right before our wedding. The mark on her neck that I knew was false but which Gideon wouldn’t believe me about. 
Knowing Zara was behind it all made so much sense. She wanted me gone, and she was working with the Rogue King to accomplish it. My enemies were all in league with one another and against their concerted efforts I felt helpless and childlike. 
Now I needed to entertain myself at this ball for the next two days, which should have been easy with so many people and so many diversions, and yet I was forbidden from interacting with any of it. I didn’t see Gideon at the moment, but I was sure wherever he was, he would soon appear and glare at me for existing. 
My fingers clenched in the tulle of my skirt as I tried to contain my frustration. 
“May I offer some refreshment?” came a low baritone from beside me. I turned, startled, and found the tall red-haired Alpha from earlier holding out a cup of punch. 
I took it gratefully, with a smile, “I’m so sorry about earlier, Gideon ah… he’s a bit possessive, you see.” 
Reynaud raised an eyebrow intriguingly, “You don’t say…” 
I laughed and sipped at the cup. It was refreshingly cold and tangy. 
“Oh yes, sometimes I think he’d forbid me from breathing if he found it displeased him.” 
“I doubt anyone could find you displeasing, Luna Avery,” Reynaud smiled that charming smile, “Your mere presence has made this inexorable ball so much more entertaining.” 
“I don’t think anyone’s described me as ‘entertaining’ before…” I grimaced, “Usually it’s words like tedious, annoying, or insufferable.” 
“You don’t strike me as any of those things,” Reynaud murmured in my ear, moving a bit closer. I could smell his cologne and feel the lapels of his jacket brushing against my bare shoulder as he leaned towards me. 
The heat of the room felt like it was turning up a notch. I fanned myself with my hand and swayed a bit. 
“Would you like to dance?” Reynaud was asking, but I shook my head ‘no’. 
1/2 
Chapter 144 
+25 Bonus 
“I’m actually feeling a bit overwhelmed,” I admitted, “It has been a very long day.” 
“Perhaps you’ll allow me to escort you to your rooms then?” the Alpha offered, solicitously. 
I tried to parse through whether that would be something Gideon would be mad at me about later, and then decided that he didn’t need to know. Reynaud was just being a gentleman, something that Gideon 
didn’t know anything about. 
“Really, anywhere out of the crush would be fantastic,” I admitted, “It’s just so warm in here,” I tossed back the dregs of my punch and dropped the cup onto a nearby table, “I actually don’t know where I’m staying.” 
“Ah!” Reynaud exclaimed, “Well, that’s easily solved. I know where your rooms are, as it happens. Let me direct you right away.” 
Once more, he hooked my arm into his, politely ignoring my somewhat graceless stumbling as we walked out of the ballroom into the hallways beyond. 
“I’m so sorry I’m so clumsy,” I laughed, as I tripped up the curving staircase he led me towards, “That long drive must have made my body more tired than I thought.” 
“Truly you’ve had an exhausting day,” Reynaud caught me around the waist at the top of the staircase and carefully pulled me away from the edge, “Do you think you can make it a bit further?” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 145
Chapter 145 
Did I? I squinted down this hallway that was equally dimly lit to those downstairs. I supposed most wolves were pretty decent at seeing in the dark, so perhaps they were trying to save in candle costs. 
I took another step forward and the walls swam disconcertingly, I found I was leaning against Reynaud quite strongly, in an attempt not to fall. 
“I, ah… I seem to be having rather some trouble…” I faltered. 
“Perhaps you need to sit down?” I felt Reynaud’s hands on my shoulders, steering me towards a curtained alcove nearby, “Get your bearings and all that.” 
“Yes, that sounds good,” his suggestion was so helpful, I beamed at him and watched his handsome face split into a matching grin. 
I found myself fixating on his eyes. They were that bright green but in the shadows of the alcove, they looked so strangely dead and flat. 
“Your eyes!” I mumbled, “Your eyes are dead.” 
“…what?” Reynaud froze in the act of sitting on the seat next to me. 
“Yes your eyes don’t sparkle,” a part of me realized that I was speaking nonsense, but somehow I couldn’t seem to stop myself, “Why is that? What happened to you?” 
He seemed to be pulling away from me then and I realized I had said something rude. 
“Oh my goodness, I don’t know what I’m saying,” I laughed at myself, and then laughed at how absurd it was that I was laughing. Reynaud didn’t laugh, however. He seemed to be staring into the darkness. 
“I… need to go check something,” he murmured, “sit here until you feel better.” 
“Oh! You have to go!” I giggled again, even though it wasn’t funny at all, “Well I’ll be here.” 
I closed my eyes and leaned back against the sofa behind me. I heard the curtains around us pull shut, and then I heard someone come in. 
“You’re back!” I smiled and stretched out my arms, “I thought you were leaving me for good.” 
“I would never do that,” Reynaud’s voice sounded lower and more gruff, “We need to get you to your 
room.” 
“Ok!” I smiled and reached for the Alpha’s arm to help myself up, then gasped as strong arms lifted my whole body off the seat instead, “Woah! You’re so strong!” 
He didn’t respond, and the lights were swimming so strangely that I buried my head in his lapels as he carried me down the hallway and opened a door into a set of rooms. 
The sun had set long ago, and the room was dark, but the Alpha’s hands gripped me tightly as he moved through the rooms with confidence. I felt him lay me down on a soft surface and realized it was a bed. 
1/2 
Chapter 145 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh that feels nice,” I sighed comfortably. 
“You should rest,” that low rumble of a voice spoke again. 
“I should,” I agreed, “But please don’t leave me here alone. I’m so tired of being alone.” 
He didn’t say anything, and I felt awkward hearing that hesitation. 
“Are you sure?” the Alpha asked again, “I don’t want to take advantage.” 
Something surged in me, a warm heat. I gasped at its delicious rush. I hadn’t felt this way since… 
“That time in the woods!” I said out loud in wonder, then clapped my hand over my mouth in surprise. 
“What did you say?” I felt the weight of someone sitting on the bed next to me, and a warm hand on my cheek, “Say that again.” 
I inhaled deeply, staring at the dim outline of the man in front of me. Could it be him? The rogue from the 
woods! 
“You’re not a rogue!” I smiled happily, “You’re an alpha. MY alpha,” I threw myself forward, wrapping my arms around him tightly, “You came back for me!” 
“I did,” he felt so strong and stiff beneath my embrace, but as I held onto him, he seemed to relax, “I’m 
yours.” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 146
Chapter 146 
Chapter 146 
Avery’s POV 
I inhaled deeply, and breathed in that familiar, deep scent of storms and cedar. 
“I’ve been waiting for you,” I groaned, feeling my body heat up. “Every night I wait for 
I couldn’t stand the space between us, I needed him, I needed this NOW. 
you… 
+25 Bonus 
I reached for his neck in the darkness and pulled his face to mine, pressing our lips together. Electric shock pulsed through my body and I knew he felt it too, because he inhaled sharply, and then his mouth was against mine, rough and ready. 
“Mmm…” I moaned as those firm lips claimed me, his tongue delving into my mouth and stroking along mine. I gripped his biceps as he slowly lowered me to the bed and his hands parted my skirts, sliding up to my thighs. 
It felt like my mind was split, half of me in the present, in this hazy sensation of skin and seduction. Half of me was back in the woods that night of the Full Mating Moon, when this man, THIS man had shown me pleasure and intimacy like I had never known before or since. 
“Avery,” he was groaning as he kissed down my neck and nibbled along the bold neckline of my dress, “I want to take you.” 
“I’m yours,” I panted as he bit at my breasts where they swelled above the swathes of tulle and silk that comprised my gown, “I have always been yours.” 
At this, my Alpha growled, sitting up and hooking his fingers in the delicate lacing of my dress. Oh my goodness he was going to tear it off my body! 
“Please don’t destroy it,” I reached for his hands quickly, “My friends and I sewed it all through last night.” 
He froze, “You… made this?” 
I laughed at his reaction, for some reason it seemed tremendously funny, “Yes! Dierdra bought out all the dresses in town to keep me from getting one, so we had to sew one.” 
He seemed stunned, but I leaned forward and nipped at his earlobe in the darkness, “I’m sure you can get me out of it another way,” I said in a throaty whisper, “or take me in it.” 
At this, the man in front of me inhaled sharply and his hands moved from the laces to slide under the neckline, freeing my breasts and thumbing at my nipples. I moaned at the sensation, tossing my head back so my hair swung loose from it’s pins and flowed over my shoulders. 
I tangled my hands in his hair as his mouth continued what his hands had started, sucking and kissing at the tender skin he cupped reverently in his hands. 
This felt right. He felt right. 
1/2 
Chapter 140 
+25 Bonus 
I sighed rapturously, letting my body relax into his hands. He was taking his time exploring my body, slowly unlacing my dress and letting his hands run along my curves. 
“You feel amazing,” he groaned, and I smiled in the darkness, thinking how nice it was to have someone appreciate me for once. 
He felt amazing as well. I trailed my hands along the front of his shirt, undoing buttons. My eyesight was blurry, and the sensations of pleasure fuzzed out along my nerves, making time seem to skip and jump. It felt like being drunk, but I had only had one cup of punch. 
And the heat that pulsed between us felt incredible. Every touch shot pleasure straight down my limbs to gather in my core. 
“Oh please…!” I threw my head back as his hands once again slid up beneath my skirts, “I need you. I need you now.” 
My Alpha was responsive. Immediately his fingers traced along the inside of my thighs and skimmed along the delicate folds, pressing against the silk of my panties. 
I whimpered, holding super still. I didn’t want to move lest I interrupt the soft stroking he was doing between my legs. His fingers slowly pushed against the silk and against my core, just little small thrusts that bumped in just the right places. 
“Hngg,” I groaned, my fingers tightening on his shoulders and running through his hair, “Yes, yes please.” 
“I like when you beg,” my Alpha rumbled in the dark. My panties were soaking wet now, and I nearly screamed when he finally pushed them to the side and sunk a finger into my tight channel. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
U 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 147
Chapter 147 
“Unfff..” I tightened around him, my body pulsing with need. First one finger, then two, slowly sliding in and out of me, slick and wet. 
“You ready, baby?” his fingers left me and I whimpered, trying to cling to him as he moved back. I realized he was removing his shirt and unbuttoning his pants. The faint light from the window silhouetted his shape, and the length of him as he stroked himself and moved towards me. 
“I’m so ready,” I whispered, guiding him towards me as I lay back on the bed. With deft fingers he finished unlacing my dress and it fell to either side of my body, leaving me naked and exposed on a pool of fabric that shimmered like stars around me. 
“You’re so goddamned beautiful,” my Alpha growled, gripping my thighs and positioning himself between them, “I’ll try and be careful, but it’s hard with you looking like this.” 
“Don’t be careful,” I urged, reaching for him and groaning at the feeling of him between my legs. My body was ready and eager to welcome him, “Claim me.” 
At that urging, he surged forward with a growl, impaling me upon his length fully. The feeling was incredible, tight and throbbing and with every small movement, pleasure arced through my body. I wrapped my legs around him, pulling him into me as we began to move together. 
His hand traced along the line of my jaw and lifted my mouth towards his as he claimed me with a searing kiss and with each stroke of his body within mine. He pulled me towards him until I was sitting on his lap, his strong, muscled thighs supporting my own. 
We fit together so tightly, so perfectly. I tipped my face upwards as he slid even deeper within me, hitting a place that felt like lightning. 
“Ohhhhh…!” I began to shudder as my body tipped over the edge into pleasure and his movements sped up, “Oh yesss!” 
Incandescent heat was spilling out within me. Hunger seized me and I needed him so badly, all of him, now! I wanted to sink my teeth into his neck and claim him. My wolf within me howled her approval and I sought his skin with lips and tongue as pleasure flowed through me. 
At the touch of my bite, my Alpha suddenly moved away and slid out of me. I shook in the aftershock of orgasm, whining at his absence, but then he flipped me onto my stomach and repositioned himself at my entrance, sliding back inside me with a throaty, claiming growl that satisfied my wolf. 
His hands were on my hips, pulling me back to meet his thrusts. Everything was amplified in this position, and I could feel he was reaching the edge of his pleasure, filling me tightly and groaning with each slick plunge our bodies made together. 
“Avery,” his hand slid into my hair, tangling the silky waves around his fist as he pumped into my body. His other hand slid under my hips, finding the tender spot between my legs that made fireworks swim behind my eyelids. “I want to fill you up…,” he growled, nipping at my bare back. 
1/2 
Chapter 147 
+25 Bonus 
I had never wanted anything more in my life than to feel him clench with pleasure and spill himself into 
me in that moment. 
“Come, my love,” I cried out, “I want you!” 
With a guttural roar his movements became jerky and erratic as he released his control and slammed 
into my body, claiming me thoroughly. The sensation of him filling me sent me over the edge again, and my body clenched around him, milking him in pulsing squeezes. 
Our movements stilled and then he was tenderly stroking my limbs, placing kisses on my back. I twitched beneath him at his gentle touches. 
“Incredible,” I breathed, and felt him chuckle in amusement from behind me. 
“Have I pleased you?” my Alpha teased, one hand trailing along my spine, scratching lightly. 
“For now,” I smiled into the darkness, “now let’s see if you can do it again…” 
“You drive a hard bargain,” I could see a flash of teeth in the darkness behind me, and felt the response of his body still deep within mine, “and I selfishly accept.” 
212 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 148
Chapter 148 
Avery’s POV 
Dim light was filtering past the window curtains when I groggily pulled myself from sleep. Something had awoken me, but for a moment I wasn’t sure what. My mind was full of hazy memories, and it took me a long moment to remember where I was. 
Ah, right. 
The Council palace. 
I had… been at the ball? And then… 
Someone had escorted me upstairs. We had been going to an alcove, no, my room. Then we’d ended up in an alcove… then… 
I squinted my eyes at the ceiling, trying to remember. Why was this so hard? 
I had ended up in this room. My room here at the council palace… There had been a man here… I hadn’t seen his face but we had… oh god… 
Some of what we had done filtered through my memories suddenly, and I blushed and squeezed my eyes shut. Not again! 
There was a loud noise outside the door, and then a loud banging on the door that entered my room from 
the suite common room. 
“Avery?” it was Dierdra’s wheedling tone, and the sound of her voice made me wince. I flopped back on the bed, shoving my discarded dress to the floor and stretching out. My body felt languid and exhausted, well spent and well pleasured. 
“I’m coming in!” Dierdra yelled, and my eyes shot open. 
“No, no, no!” I snatched a sheet off the bed and flung it, and myself at the opening door, through which Dierdra had shoved her foot. 
“What’s going on in there?” I heard a bunch of people in the room beyond, and the voice sounded like Zara’s. Through the crack in the door, I could see quite a few people roaming around. Other Alphas and Lunas that I didn’t know. 
“This is my bedroom!” I snapped, “What the hell are you doing?” 
What were they thinking trying to force their way in? I glanced at the room behind me, at the rumpled sheets and discarded clothing. 
Discarded men’s clothing. 
Oh. 
A shirt was tossed on the floor, along with a belt, though I didn’t see any pants anywhere. Why would he 
1/4 
Chapter 148 
+25 Bonus 
leave without a shirt? Why would he leave me at all? 
For a moment I felt panic rushing through me. How could I let this happen again? My mystery lover had 
snuck off and left me alone? 
Curse him! And curse me for falling asleep and letting him sneak off! 
I felt an ounce of shame that he must have felt the same way after I left him the first time. Now I knew what that felt like, and I still hadn’t even seen his face in the daylight! 
And it was at that time that the sound of running water hit my ears. 
Oh shit. 
Did that mean the man I had spent the night with was in the shower in my room?! 
Oh god! 
And all of these people were about to see me naked, and the detritus of my one-night stand was spread 
across my room. 
I tried clumsily to tuck my sheet around my body further, while still heaving on the door against Dierdra’s pushing. 
“Open the door, slut.” Dierdra laughed, “We know you had a man in there last night.” 
How would she know? Perhaps we had not been discreet, but I also hadn’t thought anyone else had been in the room. Dierdra and Gideon would have been at the ball until late… 
Oh god, was Gideon out there? 
I peered out through the crack in the door, trying to see if his disdainful face was among the throng of onlookers that Dierdra and Zara had apparently rustled up to witness my shame. 
I didn’t see him, and felt a surge of relief at that. Whatever Zara and Dierdra had cooked up, whatever humiliation they’d devised, at least he wasn’t around to see it. 
I did feel embarrassed at how far things had gone. 
The man I had mated with last night, and in the forest the month before, had an appetite for pleasure that matched my own. We had been caught up in our heat until the late hours of the night, when I had fallen asleep on his chest. 
So many of my memories of the night before felt so muddled, as though I’d been drinking. I needed to find Reynaud, assuming he was the one I’d been intimate with. Horror flooded through me as I realized that he might be the person in the shower. 
I heard the water stop, even as Dierdra and Zara both shoved the door open to my room and knocked me backwards. I scrambled across the floor, using the sheet to cover my nudity, and glared at them. 
“You have no right to barge in here,” I yelped, “Leave at once!” 
2/4 
Chapter 148 
+25 Bonus 
“Not until you admit that you were unfaithful last night!” Dierdra crowed, and curious faces thronged at the doorway, looking in at me with judgy stares. 
“Don’t you have a husband?” Zara sneered, snatching the man’s shirt of the floor, “Whose shirt is this?” 
“I…” I didn’t know what to say, feeling flustered and overwhelmed. Why did they even care who I slept with? Dierdra was Gideon’s mate, even if he was my husband, and everyone else seemed okay with that, so why wasn’t I allowed to have relationships 
It was so unfair. 
“I know what you’re doing,” I hissed at Zara, “Trying to create a scandal around me won’t absolve you two of whatever you’ve been plotting!” 
“You don’t know anything,” Zara smirked, “you probably don’t even know who’s in your bathroom right now. Stupid slut, you really don’t know how to not sleep with mystery men.” 
She made a show of looking at my rumpled bedsheets with distaste. 
I opened my mouth but nothing came out. I truly didn’t know who was in the bathroom, and since I could hear the sound of someone moving around in there, I was terrified they might emerge at any moment. 
Worst case, whoever it was would fight with Gideon, and then we would really have a mess on our hands. 
“You need to leave,” I said with as much authority as I could muster, “You’re meddling in things you don’t understand, and you’re going to regret it,” I tried to make it sound ominous and foreboding, but Dierdra just stifled a giggle behind her hand, and Zara laughed in my face. 
“Nice try,” She pulled the comforter over the bed and flopped across it with that sly, mean smile, “I think we’ll just wait right here.” 
“It doesn’t matter,” I feigned a confidence I didn’t feel, “it doesn’t prove anything. I’m still Luna until 
Gideon decides otherwise.” 
“But he will, won’t he?” Dierdra asked, eyes big and lips pouty, “He will be so upset that his perfect Luna Avery is fucking some other man, and then he’s gonna throw you out, and I’m going to laugh and laugh, and then I’ll be Luna, and you’ll be nothing. Just some washed up whore who thought she could be more 
than that.” 
I glanced at the people milling around past my door, not sure how much of this they were hearing. 
“Shut up, Dierdra,” I hissed, “You-…” and then we all froze as the door to the bathroom opened and a man 
walked out. Shirtless. Still wet from his shower. 
It wasn’t Reynaud, like I’d thought. 
It wasn’t any other alpha, either. 
It was Gideon. 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 149
Chapter 149 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon emerged from the bathroom, and you could hear a pin drop. 
He paused in the middle of drying his hair with a towel, and glared around the room at the assembled three of us; myself, Zara, and Dierdra. 
Gideon looked with bemusement at the group of Alphas and Lunas that were now staring with great interest at him as he emerged. At his glare, half the room emptied suddenly, as those who had only been present to witness the drama suddenly found other places to be. 
A long and uncomfortable silence followed. 
Dierdra and Zara were gaping at Gideon, mouths open in shock. 
Gideon was staring at me. 
I quickly took a very intense interest in staring at the floor. 
“What the fuckkkk…” Zara swore. Then she rounded on Dierdra and started whispering furiously. 
Dierdra looked like she was about to cry. She let out a gasping sob and burst into tears, then dashed towards the open door with Zara hot on her heels. 
The remaining onlookers trickled out after her. 
I just stood there, wrapped in my sheet, still naked, and wholly confused. 
Gideon stared at me a moment. He leaned down and grabbed the shirt that was laying on the floor, and put it on swiftly. 
“Was it…?” I wasn’t sure what I was trying to say, “Was it you?” I choked out. 
The Nightwolf Alpha didn’t say a word to me. Instead he strode towards the door, calling out for Dierdra 
as he went. 
Then there was just me. 
Slowly I walked to the door to the hallway and closed it. Then I went into my room and closed that door too. Then I leaned against the wall and slid down to the floor. 
What the hell had just happened? 
Of all the people I had expected to walk out of my bathroom after a night of lovemaking, Gideon had been last on my list. Did that mean he had been my mystery lover? 
I wish my head didn’t feel full of cotton, and the adrenaline spike that had occurred when Zara and Dierdra busted in was making me feel jittery and confused. 
1/2 
Chapter 149 
+25 Bonus 
It couldn’t have been Gideon. Maybe he had just come into my room because his shower wasn’t working? Maybe his room didn’t have a shower? 
The man I had laid with last night must have left earlier, or run off when Gideon had showed up. 
Yeah, that must be it. 
I frowned and rose off the floor and stumbled into the bathroom. I needed something to wake me up and help my brain limp along a bit faster. A cold shower would do the trick. 
I stood under the stream of frigid water and leaned my head against the tile. 
My body told a different story of last night than the one I wanted to believe. My hips felt the slow strained ache of having been spread and used in ways I wasn’t accustomed to. My tender parts were a bit chafed and swollen from repeated and vigorous penetration. 
My lips were plump and exfoliated from kisses, and from the stubble that I had felt on my lover’s cheeks as I had kissed across his face and body. There were small lovebites and bruises on my shoulder, neck, back, and breasts… I lost count of the small bruises made by mouth and tongue. 
Were these marks… Gideon’s marks? Had he been the one who had thoroughly used my body and left me wrung out with pleasure? 
Or had it been another? Someone who had come and gone and left me with all these questions? 
I ran the washcloth and soap over my body gently, washing away the dried sweat and other fluids. I washed my hair and combed all the snarls that my lover’s fingers had knotted. 
I felt so conflicted about all of it. All of this evidence of pleasure. 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 150
Chapter 150 
Even standing in all the fallout of my actions, I could not feel remorse for the act itself, only the complications surrounding it. 
Because the act had been glorious. 
I had never felt so alive, so connected with someone, as I had in these two occasions when my heat had 
surged through me. 
So what had caused it, and who WAS he? 
My brain kept rejecting the idea that Gideon could have done this to me. 
There must be some mistake, some trickery involved. Zara and Dierdra must have arranged some sort of prank, and it had gone sideways for them and for me. 
I had seen the look on Dierdra and Zara’s faces when Gideon had emerged. They had been just as >shocked as I had been. They hadn’t known it was him in there, and neither had I. 
I could understand why Dierdra had assumed that Gideon and I had slept together, based on the circumstances. That was probably why Gideon had run after her, to explain that it was all a mix-up. He would probably explain that there had been another man present, and he had left, or Gideon had challenged him and he had run away. 
It wasn’t a great notion to think of, that whoever had fucked me so fantastically had cowed to Gideon and abandoned me, but I could try and understand it. 
I just couldn’t understand a world in which Gideon had knowingly spent the night in my bed. Whether it had been him or not, I felt disappointed that Gideon had left immediately to run after that horrible Dierdra the minute she showed an emotion when he had so dispassionately ignored mine. 
But if it had been him… 
I blushed as I toweled myself off. 
Just the thought of it being Gideon in my foggy memories was… distracting. Disconcerting. The person who had moved behind me, and inside me, had none of Gideon’s typical restraint. 
The Alpha who had claimed me had been bold, aggressive, and worshipful at the same time. It was hard to picture Gideon being loving in that way. He was so cold, and restrained. 
I tried to imagine him being shaken by pleasure, and couldn’t. 
Not my Gideon. 
It couldn’t have been him. 
I shook my head as I dressed myself in the mirror. I frowned as I stared at my reflection. Despite the long night with little sleep, my skin was glowing and flushed. The dark lovebites that marred my skin were 
1/2 
Chapter 150 
+25 Bonus 
distractingly obvious with the low neckline of my dress. 
I grabbed a stick of concealer and did my best to hide the small painless bruises. 
There. I looked at my handiwork. The marks were much more subtle and might be confused for birthmarks or some other sort of healing bruise. 
Less obviously the result of an Alpha’s love bite. 
I put my hand to my neck, where my mark remained hidden, and felt it throb with heat in response to my touch. I felt the strength of my wolf flood through me, with a rush of acceptance and love that helped to wash away the shame I was fighting. 
‘You have done nothing wrong.’ I felt her tacit encouragement flood through me, reinforcing my thoughts. 
I tried to hold onto that feeling as I left our rooms and descended the grand staircase to the ballroom. Despite the early hour, I could feel many eyes on me, watching as I passed. 
I 
> I could see people turning to their companions and whispering, and I could hear some of the comments 
as I made myself walk across the room under their stares. 
“That’s the one they said was…” 
“But it was her own Alpha wasn’t it?” 
“He has a mate already…” 
“She looks so beautiful though, I can understand why he’d do it…” 
“Shame on him.” 
“No, shame on HER.” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 151
Chapter 151 
Gideon’s POV 
“Was it you?” 
Avery’s question rang in my ears even as I strode down the hall after Dierdra. 
The way she had said it… Unsure, tentative. She acted like she hadn’t known. 
Yes. It was me. 
The fact that she didn’t know that for certain got under my skin like an itch. 
Who had she thought it was, if not me? 
I found myself replaying every instant of our interaction, re-analyzing. She had been so enthusiastic, so enticing, and her joy at seeing me had overwhelmed my usual reticence. 
But now I wasn’t sure what exactly had occurred. 
Last night I had been walking down the hallway when I had heard her and Reynaud coming up the stairs. Avery was swaying and remarking on how tired she was to the other Alpha, and at first I had thought it was an act, that she was playing coy to attract his attention. 
I had approached the curtained alcove where they’d taken respite and heard her telling Reynaud about his dead eyes. 
‘Yes, why was that, Reynaud?’ I had thought to myself with gleeful vengeance, ‘could it be because your legacy is written in blood and bone, and your path to glory paved over the bodies of those who trusted you to protect them?’ 
I felt pride that Avery had somehow seen beyond the other Alpha’s smiling, congenial mask. Sometimes she could be surprisingly discerning for someone who had limited life experience outside her own pack. 
I heard Reynaud beat a hasty retreat, backing out of the curtains. 
Right into me. 
He spun to face me, eyes wide. 
I clenched my hand in his lapels, steadying him. Slowly, I drew my finger across his throat. 
Nothing needed to be said. Reynaud got the message. He dove towards the stairwell and disappeared quickly. 
I pulled back the curtains and entered the alcove to find Avery stretching her arms towards me with a 
smile. 
“You’re back!” she greeted happily, “I thought you were leaving me for good.” 
1/4 
Chapter 151 
+25 Bonus 
“I would never do that.” I said. 
She seemed a bit tired, a bit disoriented, so I picked her up off of the sofa and carried her to her rooms. 
I meant to leave her to her rest, but Avery seemed to not want me to leave. 
“Please don’t leave me here alone. I’m so tired of being alone.”And then she said something about a night in the woods. What was she talking about? 
For a moment my heart skipped a beat, was she talking about that night… the night I had met that girl in the forest on the night of the Full Mating Moon? Could it have been…? I mind raced, trying to connect the girl in front of me with the girl from back then, but she didn’t bear my mark… 
Still, when she threw her arms around me, something in it felt familiar. Like home. 
“I’ve been waiting for you,” Avery’s voice was sweet and she pressed herself against me,. “Every night I 
wait for you…” 
And then I felt the rush, that momentous heat that started low in my body and flared along each limb 
until I felt incandescent. 
My heat! 
I hadn’t felt this rush since… 
…since the night in the woods! 
All thoughts fled my mind then, there was only her. Her skin, her lips, her body. I wanted it all. My WOLF 
wanted it all. 
I lost myself in it, in her sighs and her pulse beneath my lips on her skin, and the soft whimpers she made as I tasted her. The crescendo as we had climaxed together again and again. It had been a symphony of passion and movement that I had only felt once before… 
Now, as I stalked after my ‘true mate’, I found myself second-guessing those memories. The memories of last night, her scent across my mind, all felt masked by the overpowering instincts of the wolf. Had they happened as I remembered? 
If Avery wasn’t my mate, why had last night felt so impassioned? So incredibly arousing? It didn’t make 
sense. 
I hated myself for finding so much enjoyment in it. Even know the memory of Avery’s hips as I clenched them with my hands and pulled her back into me, as I slid myself between her thighs and penetrated her body… 
Shame fled through me at the power those memories held. I hadn’t held back, and now I regretted it. I should have left, I should never have done it. 
Those were the sorts of memories I should have been making with Dierdra. I wished so badly that I felt the same heat and rush when I was with her. She was my mate, my love and sexual arousal should have 
2/4 
Chapter 151 
+25 Bonus 
belonged to her. 
Now, having seen me emerge from Avery’s shower, she knew I had betrayed her. I would have to atone 
for that. 
Even worse, others had seen the evidence of my betrayal, and they would hold it against me… and against my Luna. 
“Dierdra, wait!” I caught her arm at the foot of the grand staircase, and saw heads around us swivel to 
observe. 
Dierdra whirled on me, her face a mess of tears and running mascara. 
“I have nothing to say to you!” she sobbed, marching towards the far side of the ballroom. 
I went after her, of course, what choice did I have? 
Her tears were damning testimony to the pain I had caused. Every line of Dierdra’s body was drawn in the black ink of her anguish. I watched her bend beneath the weight of her distress, and forced myself to be with her in that agony, as penance for what I had done. 
I pulled her into my arms, and she fought me at first, then sagged against me and sobbed. Finally, her tears trickled to a stop and she shoved me away. 
“I hate you, Gideon Nightwolf,” she hissed, eyes narrow and venomous, “I am your MATE, and yet you betray me with HER.” 
“I didn’t….” I swallowed and turned my head. What could I say? I knew what I had done, and yet… the truth would destroy Dierdra. That wasn’t fair to her, that I had brought this on her. 
She stood there, watching me struggle to find my words. Finally I lifted my head and held out my hand to 
her. 
“Nothing happened between us,” I lied, “You misunderstood.” 
Dierdra’s eyes flickered, and she looked taken aback. Then she moved forward and jabbed her pointer finger into my chest. 
“Promise me,” she growled, “in front of these witnesses,” her hand swept to indicate the wolves who were scattered around the ballroom, but who were all watching the situation unfold with varying degrees of interest, “Denounce your feelings for Avery and prove that you are committed to me and me alone.” 
I growled, feeling a tearing feeling in my chest at her words. 
My feelings for Avery had long been stronger than even I wanted to admit. The unlikely Luna had won her place in my life with her courage and her ingenuity and her inherent power. 
Even when I hadn’t wanted to be drawn to her, still she had sucked me in. 
How could I tell Dierdra that I hadn’t ever wanted this? That my connection to Avery went deeper than conscious choice? That it always had? 
3/4 
Chapter 151 
Instead, I swallowed and lifted my head to stare at her evenly. 
“I have no feelings for Avery.” 
I hated myself as I said it. 
P 
Comments 
L 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 152
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 152 
Avery’s POV 
“Homewrecker.” 
The phrase was spit at me by a woman I didn’t know, right after I entered the ballroom on the second night of the Alpha Ball. 
I stared at her in confusion and consternation. The Luna’s face was twisted with hate, and she glared at 
me after she lobbed her insults like a grenade at my face and ran away. 
The whole day, I had encountered small incidents like this. Apparently Gideon and Dierdra had a falling out in the eyes of the public. Neither had spoken to me since this morning. 
I pieced together their altercation from gossip I overheard as I drifted through the palatial rooms where everyone else mingled. 
I had eaten my meals in the huge dining room alone, sitting like a lonely island adrift in an endless sea, 
surrounded by tables of Alphas and Lunas whose raucous laughter spilled over onto me like waves breaking on a shore. 
These members of the highest echelons of Wolven Society had ties, connections, relationships stretching back for years. They knew each other, knew each other’s histories. Their packs were old allies, or sometimes enemies, and they had each earned their place on this council through their own grit, 
determination, and destiny. 
Compared to them, I felt like I was drowning in deep water. I was no one. I came from a pack that was not particularly prominent or powerful, and I had become the Luna of Nightwolf almost entirely by chance. I had been an offering given to the hungry monster of Nightwolf and no one was more surprised than I that I had survived this long. 
But now it felt like my luck was running out. 
I had thought I was so fortunate, the night before, reunited with the Alpha who had found me during my first heat and claimed me so audaciously. 
Now, I cursed the same forces that had brought us together for our unfortunate reunion. 
The man who had taken me, who had claimed my body and my heart, might be one and the same. 
And he was off-limits. 
If it truly had been Gideon in my bed last night, then now I was atoning for our crime, both his and mine. 
He had apologized to Dierdra, and apparently won himself a reprieve from her wrath. 
I was not so lucky. 
The Lunas who had been mostly neutral, a bit curious, and somewhat helpful the night before had now 
1/2 
Chapter 152 
+25 Bonus 
disappeared and those who drew close to me only did so to deliver snakebite venom in their words and 
actions. 
“How could you do it, bitch?” one hissed as she passed me in the banquet hall, another bumped into me and splattered her drink at my feet, just barely missing staining my skirt. 
“You’re the worst sort of Luna.” another spat, clinging to the arm of her Alpha as they passed by, “Stay away from my man.” 
Their words were horrible. They clearly thought I had intentionally seduced Gideon, knowing that he was already claimed by his mate, Dierdra. 
I had no defense. No one would believe me that I didn’t know it was him, that I hadn’t known who it was at all. It sounded absurd, even to myself. 
And on the flip side was the reaction of the Alphas to the news. Their sudden interest was almost just as horrible. 
Because of Gideon’s reaction, the way he had stormed out of my rooms after, and the reunion he had performed in public with Dierdra afterward, the public opinion was that I was to be discarded. 
That attracted a very different sort of interest. 
“Share my bed and I’ll take you home with me,” an Alpha growled in my ear, shoving me against the wall as we passed each other in the corridor. His fingers trailed along my bare arm and his broad shoulders pinned me briefly, before releasing me and continuing his path like nothing had happened. 
I saw others passing bets back and forth. 
“I think Reynaud will take her. He has no Luna, and he showed interest in her last night,” one said, while another scribbled odds into a notebook. They were brazen about it, as though my fate was just another interesting game to them. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 153
Chapter 153 
As the day moved along, the approaches became more predatory. Men sat around me at dinner, and did not speak to me, only stared at me openly while they chewed their food. They ogled my body, sniffed the air in the wake of my passing, and I found myself watching the exits and scanning passageways before I walked down them, trying to avoid finding myself caught in a bad situation. 
Now, as I entered the ballroom during the second night of dancing, the unattached Alphas thronged in my vicinity like sharks circling their prey. There was blood in the water, and they all smelled it. 
I was without a protector among these dangerous, predatory males, and they all knew it. 
“Dance with me,” one grabbed my arm, and when I tried to pull myself away, his fingernails scratched along my wrist, scratching red lines in my skin while he smirked at my struggles. 
Another’s eyes flashed yellow with his wolf as he bullied his body into me, bumping me with his chest towards the dance floor. 
“What’s the matter?” the Alpha snarled, “I just want to dance.” 
I stammered and flinched away as the man’s arousal became more obvious the more I protested. He grabbed my hand and placed it on the front of his trousers, and I could feel the intense heat pouring off 
of him as he tried to force me to touch him. 
“No, thank you!” I cried out. My eyes scanned the crowd around us, looking for a single sympathetic face that would come to my rescue, but the women just turned away, ignoring me, and the men’s interest was 
even worse. 
I was only entertainment, like watching a cheetah run down an antelope. They hungered for the chase, and identified more with my tormentors than with my plight. 
“Please!” I raised my voice in the ballroom, and more wolves turned towards me, but it was the instinct of predators when they sense the weak and the wounded. The crowd pressed towards me, but not to help, only to observe. 
One man elbowed his way to the front, and at first relief flowed through me at his arrival. 
“Reynaud! Oh thank goodness, please take me away from here!” I called out to him, stretching out a hand. 
“Oh I’ll take you, Luna,” Reynaud grinned, and the white flash of his teeth made the hair on my neck stand on end, “come back to my room and I’ll show you exactly what you missed out on last night…” 
I stared at him in horror. This was a totally different man than the nice Alpha who had brought me punch the night before. He was made bold by the chance that I no longer had Gideon to look out for me. 
I made a noise in my throat and turned to flee. If I could just get away from this throng, perhaps I could barricade myself in my room and last until the caravans left to head back to Nightwolf territory the next day? 
There was no escape, the group of Alphas around me was closing in. They didn’t grab for me, but neither 
1/2 
Chapter 153 
+25 Bonus 
did they give me a path out. They were waiting, waiting for a predator to arrive and take me. 
And then he was there. 
I saw their eyes dart away from me, tracking the approach of a contender. 
Numbly, I turned to face my fate. 
The new arrival stood behind me, face set in a snarl that the other Alphas looked away from. His predatory stare met each of their eyes boldly, and his arm slid around my waist as the crowd of rivals 
scattered. 
“Gideon…” I gasped as he pulled me tight against him and spun me onto the dance floor. 
He had saved me! 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 154
Chapter 154 
Avery’s POV 
The tug of Gideon’s arm around me, his hand on my waist, tethered me to him as he drew me out of danger and spun me into the dance seamlessly. 
And just like that, it felt like the pressure that had been building up within me released. The danger I had felt on all sides fell away, and my world closed in in a totally different way. 
There was only Gideon and I, our feet moving around each other, as we spun in unison and drifted through the universe. 
I could barely hear the swell of the orchestra as we danced. Gideon’s eyes were fixed on me, and while his gaze felt distant, it was also neutral. He didn’t hate me. 
The tension I had been holding slithered out of my body. My shoulders relaxed, and I leaned into him gratefully. His strong hand clasped around mine as he pushed and pulled me around, but with him it never felt forced. 
“Once again you have saved me,” I stared at his chest, afraid to meet that dark stare and have it stop my words in my throat. I needed to say this, “This morning…” 
I felt Gideon tense under my hands, and I knew if I looked at him he would be glaring. He didn’t want me to speak of it, but I had to. 
“If it… If it was you…,” I stumbled through the thoughts that had been repeating in my head all day, “I can’t regret it. I refuse to regret it.” 
I raised my head and saw his stare fixed onto my face as I spoke. 
“No one could feel what that felt like and regret it. It was… something bigger than either of us,” I knew this made me sound like a hopeless romantic, but I just needed to know that he’d felt it too. 
“Please, Gideon. If you don’t want to speak of it ever again, I will try and understand, but… don’t tell me that wasn’t real. That we weren’t perfect for each other,” I found my voice growing thick as tears sprung in my eyes, “I could put up with just about anything. Throw me to the other Alphas if you choose. Cut me down as your Luna. I just need to know…” 
“Know what?” Gideon growled as the song wound down to its end and the dancers stopped. He didn’t release me however, his hand still caged mine. His body still held me to him so tightly his fingers were digging into the corset of my dress. 
“Know that it was real,” I whispered. 
Gideon’s eyebrows creased with a frown. He opened his mouth to speak, but before he could respond another voice rang out. 
“This is how you prove your love for me?” Dierdra stood in the middle of the dance floor, arms crossed,” By running back to HER?” Her face was mottled with fury, bright pink splotches vibrant on her cheeks. 
1/2 
Chapter 154 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon’s jaw clenched, but he still had not released me. Around us, the dancers slipped away to the sides of the dance floor, leaving just the three of us under the lights as the band hesitated to begin the next song. 
“Gideon is a good man!” I protested, “You shouldn’t take this out on him.” 
Dierdra’s eyes flashed, “Oh, so the whore speaks? You who led him on until he fell for you and betrayed me? How DARE you?” 
Her hand flashed out as she tried to land a slap on her face, but Gideon spun me around and put himself in the way of her strike instead. 
The sound of Dierdra’s hand smacking into Gideon’s face rang with a crack in the echoing ballroom. You could hear the collective intake of breath as the other attendees reacted. Dierdra herself paled and quickly dropped her hand, but she did not apologize. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 155
Chapter 155 
“Such disrespect!” one Luna exclaimed from the sidelines. 
“No Alpha would put up with such treatment,” snorted another man. 
“The Nightwolf Alpha must punish her now.” 
Dierdra seemed to realize that she had made a horrendous mistake in showing such discourtesy in such a public arena. Instead of apologizing, she instead burst into tears, and collapsed into a sobbing heap on 
the floor in front of both of us. 
“I-I… j-just wish you would be k-kind to meee!” she gulped pathetically, reaching out one grasping hand to Gideon. 
I gritted my teeth as I felt Gideon’s hold on me loosen. How could he continue to be so susceptible to Dierdra’s bogus melodrama? 
> “Don’t,” I tried to grab his hand as he moved towards her, “Gideon, she’s playing you!” 
He gave me one last, helpless look, and then he knelt beside Dierdra and gently helped her to her feet. 
I couldn’t stand to watch this nonsense play out any further. Dierdra’s face was full of gratitude and awe, and the crowd watching the scene all exclaimed as she clutched Gideon’s arms and buried her face in 
his chest. 
“Awww…” the Lunas swooned as Gideon patted the back of her head as she clung to him, there in the spotlight. 
And then there was me, once again discarded, at the edge of the dance floor. 
It wasn’t fair! 
Dierdra was such a nasty person, but she had a pretty face, and she was a good actress. These onlookers had no idea what a terrible person she truly was. Gideon, himself, repeatedly refused to acknowledge her bad behavior, and now he coddled her as though he had done something wrong. 
But what he and I had shared had felt far from being wrong. It had felt so right, to the point where it excluded the possibility of ever feeling that good with anyone else ever again. 
How could he feel what we felt and deny its power? How could he ignore the electric fire that flowed between us every time we touched? And how could he share a night like last night with me and still turn his back and go to HER instead? 
“Tell… t-tell me that you love me!” Dierdra sniffled, staring daggers at me over Gideon’s shoulder. 
“Dierdra…” I heard Gideon’s quiet urging, low and pitched for her ears alone. 
But already the audience was invested, and they surged forward at Dierdra’s demand, ears perked. 
“Say it!” one Luna called out, “She’s your true mate, isn’t she?” 
1/2 
Chapter 155 
+25 Bonus 
“I don’t understand how he could dance with that other woman and ignore his mate!” a murmuring went around the crowd. 
“If he rejects that pretty young thing, I will snap her up,” I heard a man say as he nudged his friend in the ribs, “I don’t care if she’s his true mate or not, she looks like she’d be fun.” 
“Why isn’t he saying it?” a younger Luna shouted, “Go on, prove you’re her man!” 
“P-p-please, Gideon,” Dierdra clenched her fingers around his lapels, “Why were you dancing with Avery? Do you not want me anymore? After you marked me?” 
I saw Gideon’s shoulders stiffen, from this angle I could only see the side of his face as he spoke. The room hushed to listen to his words. 
“I only love my true mate. The one who bears my mark,” His voice creaked with tension but he delivered the words steadily, without breaking, “Avery is just my Luna. I do not love her.” 
Dierdra beamed with approval, and threw her arms around Gideon’s neck as he stood there stiffly. Some of the Lunas applauded and the Alphas eyes swiveled towards me. 
I could stand it no longer. Tears streamed down my face as I lowered my head and fled from the ballroom. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 156
Chapter 156 
Avery’s POV 
“Avery is just my Luna. I do not love her.” 
Gideon’s words followed me down the hallway as I fled. I couldn’t stand to be in that ballroom any longer! 
For a while I focused only on putting distance between myself and Gideon. His words had cut me to the quick. 
If he was who had shared my bed last night… then truly it seemed to mean nothing to him. 
How could he 
And for her Dierdra was despicable. She had burst into my rooms this morning to try and humiliate me, and had only managed to humiliate herself. 
She may have secured Gideon’s intentions for now, but she had also made a fool of herself in front of 
the other Alphas and Lunas. Her actions as a whole had made Gideon appear weak, and I wondered if he 
realized that. 
If he did, I wondered why he allowed it. 
How was it that he refused to put Dierdra in her place, while I was constantly being put down? 
Hurt and fury flooded through me. My ego was so bruised it was bleeding everywhere. I felt like I was spilling my emotions behind me as I ran. That anyone could follow the trail of heartache to find me at the 
end of it. 
I found a small bench at the end of a remote hallway and curled myself up on it pathetically. Out here in the passageways that ran through the rest of the buildings, the halls were empty. I had seen only 
servants as I fled. 
Tears spilled from my eyes and I wiped them on my skirt. Gideon’s rejection stung on the heels of tangling in the sheets with the person I had thought was my mate. 
Were my memories real? I once again hadn’t managed to see clearly the person who had loved me so expertly, but Gideon was the one who’d emerged from the bathroom. It had felt, for a second, like there had been a spark of recognition in his eyes when I had pleaded with him… 
Now I wondered why he had given me that trapped look before going to Dierdra. What hold did she have over him? I wouldn’t have thought that the Gideon I knew would behave in this way. 
Maybe I truly didn’t know him at all… 
Which put me back at square one. My mate was a mystery to me. 
I sat there for a long time, watching the light bleed out of the sky beyond the glass windows that ran down this hallway. It grew cold. I needed to head back before someone else found me here. 
1/4 
Chapter 156 
+25 Bonus 
The scene between Dierdra and I had drawn the other werewolves to the ballroom like moths to a flame. Or more accurately, like sharks smelling blood in the water. Eventually those predatory Alphas would seek me out. 
They had seen Gideon’s renunciation, and would interpret it as open season on me as a result. Again. 
I was in danger. My neck was beginning to prickly with the sensation of being prey. I needed to get back to my quarters and try and hide until it was time to leave. 
Reluctantly, I unwound myself and rose and began to sneak back towards our quarters. 
As I turned the corner towards our hallway it appeared empty. Gideon and Dierdra must still be in the 
ballroom. 
I reached for the doorknob but it was suddenly wrenched from my hand as someone on the other side threw it open. 
“Oh, there you are,” Dierdra stood on the other side, face smug. “Off licking your wounds? Or were you busy finding another stranger to fuck?” 
My cheeks grew red, but I pushed past her into our rooms. 
“He wasn’t a stranger…” I muttered under my breath. At least… I didn’t think he was. 
Dierdra trailed behind me as I headed for my room. I opened the door to see that my things had been flung everywhere. There were clothes scattered across the ground and the bedsheets were missing. 
“You really should keep your spaces tidier,” Dierdra sniffed, covering her smile with her hand, “This isn’t a whorehouse, you know.” 
I spun to face her, feeling my desire to fight flare up, despite the dead, barren landscape of my inner feelings. I fanned the small, burning spark into a flame. 
“He’s going to find out what you are,” I said to Dierdra’s face, “You can’t fool him forever.” 
“Oh there you go again, with your ‘fake mate’ nonsense. You’re delusional. Your jealousy has made you invent lies that aren’t true, Avery.” Dierdra examined her nails, her voice a catty croon, “Besides,” she arched a brow at me, “Even if that’s what you believe, Gideon will never believe you.” 
I hated that it felt like she was right. Gideon refused to see reason, so far. I had given him every opportunity to see past Dierdra’s mask and discover her duplicitous nature. 
Was it willful ignorance on his part? Was he unwilling to deal with the fallout of his own bad judgment? 
“That might be true,” I clenched my fists at my side, “he might never believe me, but I know what you are, and I will expose your true nature one day.” 
Dierdra stepped closer to me, her smirk wide on her painted lips. 
“He’s never going to value your word above mine, especially now…” she trailed off with a gloating smile,” Don’t think you can outplay me, bitch. You’re not dedicated to do what it really takes to keep a man like 
2/4 
Chapter 156 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon.” 
I narrowed my eyes at her. What was she talking about? Had I not done literally everything I could to please Gideon and maintain my station as Luna here? 
“What… do you mean ‘especially now”?” I had to ask, heart sinking. 
“Oh, hadn’t you heard?” Dierdra’s grin widened, and she ran her hands down the curve of her stomach, I’m carrying Gideon’s pup.” 
It was a lie. It had to be. I glared from Dierdra’s stomach to her face and back again. 
It had to be a lie. 
Right? 
Stunned, I had no retort. Dierdra smirked at my dumbfounded reaction. 
“Oh I wish you could see yourself,” she said with a vicious laugh in my face, “You’re so dumb, you really thought Gideon would still sleep with you while he was getting me pregnant. You know it wasn’t him, right? He told me so himself.” 
My heart was pounding in my ears, I felt glued to the floor, like my feet were far away from me, and my body wasn’t my own. 
“How long do you think he’ll bother to keep you around, now?” Dierdra placed a finger on her chin, and pretended to ponder the question, “He’s already forgotten about you.” 
She turned to sashay away, then shot over her shoulder, “Might as well pack your bags and keep them packed when we get back. You’re not going to be around much longer.” 
And then she waltzed into her room and slammed her door. I could see her continuing to laugh on the 
other side in her room. 
Devastated, I turned and closed my own door, mutely kicking the piles of my clothes that had been flung across the floor out of the way. 
Someone had thrown trash here as well, there was refuse poured on top of my things. I stared at it, and at the ruined dress underneath it. 
Slowly I shoveled all of my things into the trash can. 
Then I laid down on my bed and waited until it was time to leave. (1) 
3/4 
Chapter 157 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 157
Chapter 157 
Avery’s POV 
The entourage of cars entered the dark forest after we had been traveling for several hours the next day. The shadows beneath the tall pines were deep and gloomy. I stared into the murky depths of the woods and thought we must be drawing close to Nightwolf Village. 
Gideon and Dierdra had ridden in the other car, leaving me to my own thoughts. Gideon hadn’t even looked at me as we had prepared to leave this morning, although he remarked that I didn’t appear to have much luggage. 
I wasn’t sure I was ready to return. The events of the Alpha Council felt like a surreal nightmare punctuated by one night of incredible pleasure followed by misery. 
Dierdra’s pregnancy announcement kept ringing in my ears. I wanted to tell myself she must be lying, and yet I couldn’t quite convince myself. I kept remembering the way Gideon had reached out as he’d gone to help her on the ballroom floor. 
He was always her rescuer, never mine. 1 
I was the only person who could rescue me, and I was so tired of doing it. 1 
Something moved between the trees and I followed it with my eyes as we coasted past. Probably just a deer, I thought. 
Then I heard the squealing of brakes, and our car jolted to a stop. 
“What’s happening?” I called out, nervously. 
My driver was on his phone, eyes still glued to the road. Suddenly he veered off to the side and we were bumping along in a ditch. 
“Please!” I felt panic rising in my throat, “What’s going on?” 
He didn’t answer, instead he flung the car into park and opened his door, darting forwards towards where Gideon and Dierdra’s car was also stopped ahead. I watched their doors open and Gideon stepped out, rolling up his sleeves. 
Were we taking a sudden lunch break? 
A part of me wondered if Dierdra had faked going into labor, and I leaned back onto the seat with a roll of my eyes. That would be so typical. 
Movement outside my window caught my attention and I snapped my head in that direction. Someone was running through the trees along the edge of the forest. 
No, several someone’s. 
I pressed my forehead against the glass and tried to get a clearer look. There was a man running, full 
1/3 
Chapter 157 
+25 Bonus 
spring, towards the car. 
As he drew closer, I saw his lips curl back into a snarl, revealing massive fangs, and then he was almost 
upon the car. 
I didn’t recognize him! Or the group of other warriors running behind him. 
Were these… rogues?! 
The man’s eyes seemed to fix on my face through the glass and I saw his mouth open in a yell, the roar reverberating against the window and shaking the car. Ahead of where I sat, through the windshield, I saw Gideon tilt his head back and give an answering roar, and then leap towards the attackers as they closed in on his location. 
I gasped and slapped the lock on the door just as one of the rogues reached out a massive hand and tried to yank the door open. The driver’s door still stood ajar, and it would only be a second before the rogue scrambled into it and got to me. 
I flung myself to the other end of the seat and shoved the door on that side open, rolling out into the ditch on the other side. I heard the rogue that was pursuing me growl and saw the car shake as he pushed himself back out of it. 
I rolled to my feet and backed up into the road. The flat asphalt would give me a better line of sight on the rogues as they advanced on me, but it also made me an obvious target. 
Then suddenly Gideon was there, rushing past me. He placed himself between me and the rogues. 
For a second, I felt relief. Then I heard Dierdra scream. 
“Gideonn!!” She was already surrounded by Nightwolf warriors, but she was clutching at her skirts and yelling, “Help! They’re going to get me!” 
Gideon snarled and moved off, leaving me behind as he rushed to Dierdra’s side where relatively few attackers were concentrating. Instead, they had fanned out to flank along the sides of the cars, and the minute he ran away, they moved in, cutting me off from following him. 
I gulped with terror. There was no way I could make it over to where the others stood now. 
I moved off of the road, towards the direction of the village, barely visible through the trees. If I could just get over there, maybe I could find a place to hide, or the rest of the village’s warriors would be alerted to 
the skirmish. 
Then the rogues pounced, and the next few minutes became a blur of reflexes and movement. I spun as one dove at me, claws outstretched, and his partner shifted and leapt for my throat. I threw out my arm, and the wolf’s jaws closed around that instead, biting down so hard I felt teeth grind on bone. 
I screamed, and at the other end of the street I saw Gideon turn in my direction, then Dierdra called out again and he spun back to her, wrapping his arms around her in a protective gesture. 
I was all alone. 1 
2/3 
Chapter 157 
+25 Bonus 
Pain coursed through me from the bite on my arm. The wolf was tugging and snarling, like a terrier would shake a rat, and I felt as though my arm was about to tear from its socket. 
Suddenly a surge of strength from my wolf flooded through me, and I kicked forward, striking the wolf in the chest with my heel and breaking the hold of his jaws on me. 
No sooner had I wrenched my arm away from the wolf, than the unshifted rogue lunged at me, trying to grab me around the waist and haul me backwards into the trees. I shoved and pulled at his strong hands clamped around my hips. 
There was someone standing behind us in the treeline, I realized as I struggled. I twisted in the rogue warrior’s arms, trying to free myself and also get a look at the man standing there. 
A ray of light dappled through the trees off of the man’s silver hair and eyepatch. 
It was the Rogue King! He was directing the rogues on where to go, sending just enough towards Gideon and Dierdra that Gideon wouldn’t abandon her, while the majority were focused on me and cutting me off from any aid. 
More and more rogues were emerging from the trees now. I watched hopelessly as they filled the road, running off the guards that had clustered around their Alpha. 
Gideon wasn’t coming to rescue me, and I couldn’t possibly fight off so many alone. I needed to find 
another way to survive this! 
Mustering that strength my wolf lent me, I bent myself double, overbalancing the man clinging to my back and tossing him over me onto the ground. Then I whirled and ran towards the village, trying to find enough air in my lungs to call out for help. 
The pack of rogues was instantly on my tail, shouting to each other as they pursued me. Their calls and howls spurred me faster, but there was no way I could outrun them for long. I just had to hope the village warriors could get here in time. 
I stopped in my tracks, threw back my head, and screamed with all my might. 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 158
Chapter 158 
Avery’s POV 
I ran like the wind, but he was always on my heels. That great black wolf with its amber gaze. Great teeth like knives. I felt his hot breath at my heels and knew I could never escape him. 
Never ever. 
The rogues were on my tail as I took off running for the village. With Gideon protecting Dierdra, I was on my own. There were no warriors flocking to my side, no defender racing towards me. 
The fingers of the forest tore at me. Branches and thorns scratching at my limbs as I sprinted with all my strength towards the village in the distance, but it was all too far away. 
The rogues at my back brought me down. Tooth and claw tore at my skin, drawing blood and slicing deep into my flesh. 
>The pain was indescribable. 
They seized my arms and slapped their hands over my mouth to stopper my screams. Even as they dragged me to my feet, I had only one thought in my mind. 
They were taking me to him. The Rogue King. He was delivering good on his threats to take me and use me for his own ends. 
My feet refused to move, to lend any aid in conveying me to my fate. I was dragged, white and bloodless, back under the sinister trees. Their limbs burying me within their shadows as surely as if I was being put 
in my grave. 
My eyes had drifted shut, the world spinning every time I opened them. Vertigo twisted my stomach and when the rogues suddenly released my arms I fell sideways and slammed into the earth with a crunch. 
My ears were ringing, but it seemed as though voices were coming from a great distance, calling my 
name. 
“Avery… Avery…AVERY.” 
I wished the disembodied voices would leave me alone. I just wanted to lay here in the sweet, rotting leaves and melt into the soil. Let the deer find my bones. 
“She’s badly wounded. Take her ankles,” I heard someone say above me. 
Someone was lifting me, moving me. I moaned with the pain of it. Why would they not let me die? 
Perhaps they did, for I no longer felt any sensation in my limbs. 
And then, I felt nothing at all. 
I next awoke in a bed. Someone’s bed. Was it my own? Was it his? 
1/2 
Chapter 158 
+25 Bonus 
There were bandages around me, confining me. They tugged at my hurried movements, and then the pain grew in a slow swell that crested in a crushing wave of agony. Once more I was drowned beneath it, and must have been senseless for a while longer. 
The next time I opened my eyes, it was dark. A single lamp was on the bedside table, but its dim glow failed to illuminate the room. I could see nothing. 
But I could hear him. Hear his breathing. That heavy rasp that meant he hungered. 
Hungered for me. 
Whose wolf waited in the darkness? My mind was a fog through which I could not see clearly. The instinctual wolf in me could do nothing to quell the very human terror that flooded my body. 
Oh why could they not have left me to die? I was not well. Fever was racing through me. It left me weak 
and breathless. 
Now I would be devoured whole by the insatiable demon who craved to eat my heart most of all. The presence I sensed in the room with me. 
My skin was on fire. Sweat dripped between my shoulderblade as I scrambled weakly towards the headboard. Anything to put space between me and him. 
Was that his amber eye in the darkness? Glowing like a hot coal? 1 
A hand reached out and grabbed at my wrist, pulling me back. Something cold and wet was lapping at my neck and forehead. Was it his tongue? No, a cloth? 
“Do not touch me!” I screamed, and the hand withdrew. 
There was a growl in the darkness, and the sound of it quieted my body against my will. How dare he seek to control me in this way! 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
212 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 159
Chapter 159 
I struggled, but the Alpha’s presence overpowered my spirit, and slowly I was forced down into the rumpled sheets. 
Something cold was poured down my throat. Was it poison? Was it his draught that would make my mating heat come upon me? Was that why I felt molten and incandescent? 
“You have no right to command me like this,” I whimpered, terrified, choking on the liquid “You must have every other part of me. How dare you break my will as well.” 
Again that shadowy presence loomed, sinister and foreboding at the side of my bed. I saw him reach for me and I slapped at his hands, knowing my strength was gone and the best I could do was a pathetic, weak effort compared to his power. 
Still, I fought. 
“You will have to kill me,” I panted, winded. My lungs were on fire and every movement ached with pain,” I will not assist you in harming Gideon. Even if he doesn’t love me.” 
The shadowy figure froze. 
“I will not bear your heir!” I spat, collapsing onto the sheets, “You may call yourself a king, but I know you are a devil! I will never betray my Alpha!” 
My breaths sounded hard and heavy in the room. Like the crashing of waves on a shore. The man next to my bed frowned down at me. His broken face a handsome mask over his depravity. 
“Avery,” his voice rasped across my skin, scratching at my wounds. 
I rolled away from him. Buried my head in my arms. I could not listen to the Rogue King’s lies! 
“Kill me if you must,” I sobbed, “Just let my mother go.” 
The brief burst of strength was ebbing away from me now. A great weariness was sinking into my bones, dragging me down into the darkness. 
“I won’t betray him,” I repeated, my voice soft and weak in my own ears. Barely more than a whisper, “You can’t make me betray Gideon,” I shuddered, willing it to end quickly. 
“Why do you care so much about him?” the voice asked, deep and terrifying. 1 
“I don’t know,” I gasped, “He wouldn’t protect me, so I suppose I shouldn’t protect him. And yet…” 
“Avery?” 
Why did the voice now sound like Gideon? Why did his face swim before my eyes now? I blinked, trying to focus, but the sight of Gideon’s face was doubled, like looking through a double-paned window. (1 
“Gideon?” I breathed, “Are you here? Are you safe?” If he was safe, then I could go. Nothing more need 
hold me here. 
1/2 
Chapter 159 
“Doctor!” I heard someone yelling, “Fetch the doctor!” 
I smiled up at the ceiling. Gideon was safe. That was all that mattered. 
+25 Bonus 
“You can’t go, Avery,” The man was shaking me, his hands warm and gentle, “You must get well.” 
“You just want me to hurt him,” I whispered, “But I won’t. I won’t do it. You can’t make me. He may not love me, but I… but I…” 
Talking was so tiring. I couldn’t find the breath to push the words out of my throat. 
Someone was holding my hand now. Perhaps it was my mother. Perhaps she had found me. No. My mother was locked away. I might never see her again. 
Tears leaked from the corners of my eyes. My skin was so hot they seemed to evaporate on my skin immediately. 
Who was stroking my fingers? Who was gently holding my hand? Not him. Never him. 
I fought and I fought. I hissed and I scratched. I hoped to make him bleed, the way he’d made me bleed. I wanted him to hurt, the way he made me hurt. 
Even as the darkness closed over me once more, I never stopped the litany of words that poured from my lips. 
“I will not betray Gideon. I will not.” 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
11 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 160
Chapter 160 
Gideon’s POV 
The delegation from the village found us mere minutes after the Rogue attack, and never had I felt more relieved to see our string of warriors dashing across the field towards where the abandoned cars idled 
on the side of the road. 
Normally this many rogues would be challenging, but we would be assured success. My wolf alone could handle the majority of them. 
But this time I was handicapped. 
Dierdra clung to me, shaking like a leaf, her eyes wide and panicked. It was obvious that she was reliving the worst parts of her capture and torture at the hands of the rogues before I had rescued her. 
For a moment I saw Avery barrelling out of the car behind us, her face worried and anxious as she 
looked for me. 
“Help!” she cried out, and I almost ran to her, but Dierdra’s fingers clutching into my arm reminded me of where my duty lay. 
“Don’t leave me!” my mate gasped, pulling me back to her. I growled, hoping she could find comfort in the sound, but it only seemed to make her more agitated. 
I wanted to shift, to tear out rogue throats and lap at their heart’s blood, but I was tethered to Dierdra and could not leave her side. I wrapped my arms around her protectively instead, sheltering her, although in my mind my wolf paced and howled, begging to be released. 1) 
A minute of chaos passed, while the attacks from the rogues on our small party seemed light but constant. There was no opportunity to shift focus or move to engage the larger amount of the force that flooded across the roadway and darted in and out of the woods on either side. 1 
Suddenly, I heard Avery scream. A bloodcurdling howl that stopped me in my tracks. Where was she? 1 
I turned to dash in the direction of her screams, but again Dierdra held me back. 
“Gideon!” She sobbed, “She’s already gone. It’s too late.” 
Stunned, I stared into the dark woods, but I couldn’t see anything. Was Avery out there? Was it really too 
late to save her? 
As reinforcements from the village reached us, I directed Tegan to take a group and look for her. A few minutes later they returned, faces grave. 
“Alpha,” Tegan said somberly, then paused. 
“What is it? Where’s the Luna?” 
“She’s alive, Alpha, but barely. The healers are transporting her now. It appeared the rogues were trying 
1/2 
Chapter 160 
+25 Bonus 
to drag her away but dropped her when we arrived and fled.” 
Shards of ice speared into my heart. Avery… 
Slowly we climbed back into the cars and resumed our drive to the village. As the cars wound down the drive I saw the healers with stretchers carrying Avery towards the pack house. 
“You haven’t asked if I’m alright,” Dierdra complained in the seat next to me. I tore my attention away from the window and looked her over quickly. 
“Did they hurt you?” I asked with polite concern, glancing her over. I saw no blood. I didn’t think the rogues had even gotten close to her. 
“My arm,” Dierdra sniffed, holding it up while simultaneously clutching it tightly. 
“Let me see,” I asked, and peeled her fingers away. She had a long scratch running down the outside of her arm that had bled a little. Already it was healing. 
> “Those rogues were so scary!” she sniffed, and I had to take a deep breath and remind myself that she had been through a lot at the hands of the rogues already. Her injuries may not be severe, but she was likely reliving past experiences that were more horrible. 
I pulled her to my side so that she couldn’t see my face and resumed frowning out the window. 
Once we arrived back at the pack house, I said I had to go wash up, and ducked away. The doctors were clustered outside Avery’s door, looking worried. 
“Alpha,” one saluted, “She’s in rough shape. We’ve treated her wounds as best we could, but her wolf appears weak, and she is barely healing.” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 161
Chapter 161 
+25 Bonus 
Guilt washed over me again. If I had just been able to intervene, I could have saved her from this. 
“I’ll go see her,” I said, and reached for the doorknob. One of the healers reached out to stop me. I quirked an eyebrow at him. 
“Alpha, you should know that she’s delirious with fever. She is babbling nonsense. I would recommend coming back after she’s less… agitated?” 
“I have made note of your concerns,” I said briefly, and opened the door. I saw the healers exchange looks over my head, but they didn’t stop me further. 
The curtains were drawn in the room, leaving it in shadowy darkness, with only a small lamp by the bedside. Avery lay pale on the bed, her hair fanned out around her like a halo. She appeared asleep but her eyelashes were fluttering on her cheeks with the rapid eye movements of her dreams. 
Every once in a while she would mutter, or twitch. She hardly appeared to be getting solid rest at all. 
Her arm was bandaged, though blood was already soaking through the crisp white linen. I leaned over her and touched her other hand gently, thinking to soothe her, but her eyes flung open and she nearly leaped off the bed, fighting like a wild cat. 
“Easy, easy,” I used my most calming, authoritative Alpha tone, “You’re safe.” 
“You will have to kill me!” Avery groaned, and at first I thought she meant due to the pain, and was about to summon the healers, when she continued, “I will not assist you in harming Gideon. Even if he doesn’t love me.” (1 
I froze as she said my name. Who did she think I was? 
“I will not bear your heir!” Avery’s voice was anguished, “You may call yourself a king, but I know you are a devil! I will never betray my Alpha!” (1 
She thought I was the Rogue King? She must be deep in the depths of fever. 
“Avery…” I tried to speak, to reassure her that it was me, but she only thrashed in the bed, trying to draw away. Her eyes flickered open and shut, unfocused, and sweat beaded at her temples. She continued to spout nonsense, about her mother, about me, and over and over she repeated, “I will not betray him.” 
“Sir, she needs rest and you’re only making it worse,” a healer appeared at my side, tone firm, though deferential. 
I stared at that pale, slight form writhing on the bed as I backed out of the room, unable to look away. Even as I returned to my own quarters, I could hear Avery’s anguished voice saying, “He may not love me, but I won’t betray Gideon.” 1 
There was such heartbreak in her voice, it made mine ache in return. (1 
“There you are,” Dierdra huffed as I returned, “Where did you disappear to?” 
1/2 
Chapter 161 
+25 Bonus 
“I needed to check on the Luna,” I replied, “She’s very injured.” 
“And am I not injured” she protested, “Look, I have another bruise here!” She lifted the edge of her dress to show me a large bruise on her thigh, though this one looked fresh and new. 
“Do you wish me to call the healer?” I offered, crossing my arms. I did not want to pull any of them away from Avery’s more serious condition. Dierdra’s request felt ridiculous. She hadn’t seen Avery the way I 
had, contorting in pain. 
“I don’t need a healer if I have you by my side!” Dierdra simpered, reaching out for me. 
‘She offends me,’ my wolf’s voice rumbled in the back of my mind, and I was so surprised at his words that I paused in my progress towards where Dierdra sat. 
‘She does?’ I said in astonishment, ‘Yet, she is your mate.’ 
‘I don’t feel anything towards her wolf,’ my soul companion said, and then he fell silent, leaving me reeling in bewilderment. (1) 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 162
Chapter 162 
Avery’s POV 
The fever finally left my body but it took the last of my strength with it. I was weak as a kitten and spent much of the next few days sleeping deeply, only rousing myself to drink water and use the bathroom. 
My friends, lan, Madelyn, and Melody, came to visit in those first few days. They were the ones who told me what had happened after the rogues attacked. My memories were so fever-drenched, I had little grasp of what had happened. 
The rogues had been carrying me away between them, ostensibly to take me to the Rogue King, who had been waiting nearby in the forest. Likely, the whole attack had been coordinated in an attempt to grab me. They had known that Gideon and I were riding in separate cars and had directed their forces to separate us intentionally. 
I remembered Gideon turning away towards Dierdra, leaving me to fend for myself. That was the last thing that was crystal clear in my mind from that day. 
Each day I worked on recovering my strength. When I was finally strong enough to rise from my bed unassisted, I was allowed to sit on the balcony and feel the sun on my cheeks. My mind drifted in those days, remembering the events of the Alpha Council. 
No one else visited. 
Maybe that wouldn’t have bothered me, once. I hated being wounded, and I particularly resented showing my weakness to others. I should have been grateful for the space and time to heal. 
But I wasn’t. 
Gideon never came to my room. As far as I knew, he never came while I was sick either. 
I was hopelessly alone. 
What other signs did I need that this was never going to work? He had chosen Dierdra over me at every turn. It was only a matter of time before she successfully engineered my downfall. 
Or worse, my death. 
Her connection to Zara was becoming more clear. How had the Rogue King known where to find us? Who had told him when we were leaving? 
It was no longer simply a matter of beating Dierdra at her social competition. There was a very good chance she was assisting Zara in trying to deliver me to the Rogue King, and if that was true, then I was living on borrowed time. 
I took to locking my doors at night, though I doubted it could really protect me. If the Rogue King could strike at me here, deep in Nightwolf Territory, then nowhere was truly safe. 
After a week of recovery, I managed to make it downstairs to the kitchens and made myself tea. After 
1/4 
Chapter 162 
+25 Bonus 
that, I made the trip twice a day, taking it slow on the staircase. 
I wondered if Dierdra’s ‘pregnancy’ was progressing. My mother had said that she had drank so much herbal tea when she was pregnant with me, but, looking at the teabags in the cabinet, I was the only one touching the ginger, peppermint, and orange peel. (1) 
Throughout all those long days, and longer, exhausting nights, one question repeated in my head constantly. 
What was I going to do? 
This situation was untenable. I was rejected by the Alpha in every tangible way that mattered to my soul. My wolf was awake, but distant. My body was broken, and healing slowly. 
I was Luna in name, but I had been able to perform none of my duties while wounded. Dierdra was now, allegedly, Gideon’s pregnant true mate. Even if he, himself didn’t get rid of me, someone else in the pack would no doubt offer to do it for him. 
I was an uncomfortable loose end. 
And I had never felt so keenly how expendable I was. 
Finally, on a day in which I had a modicum of energy, I dragged myself down the hallway to Gideon’s office. He hadn’t been expecting me, that much was clear. To be fair, I was somewhat surprised to find myself there. 
My feet had shuffled down the hallway as of their own volition. Following the cues of my subconscious, rather than the instructions coming from my brain. 
For a moment, Gideon and I just stared at each other. He, stuck in a startled pose, in the middle of shuffling papers. 
Emotions flitted over his face so quickly, it was hard to read them. Was that… guilt? Regret? Concern? Anger? 
“We need to talk,” I creaked, my voice rusty from disuse. After a beat he replied. 
“Do we?” 
“Yes,” I closed my eyes, gathering my strength for what must be done. Silence stretched between us, so quiet I could hear the gentle clanging of the pullchain on the overhead fan as it rattled in the breeze, “We do.” 
“Ok,” when I opened my eyes, Gideon was staring at me, waiting. 
“You left me,” I said. It would have sounded accusatory, if I had any force behind it, but I was too tired for that. It was simply a statement of fact. 
His eyes flickered, his mouth opened, then shut. 
“You left me to die,” I repeated. 
2/4 
Chapter 162 
+25 Bonus 
“I did,” Gideon said flatly. 
“Why?” I hated how plaintive the question sounded leaving my lips, “They were carrying me away. To him.” 
“I know,” he leaned back in his chair, frowning. 
“I have been… healing… and thinking…I have these thoughts.” 
“What are your thoughts, Avery?” His eyes glittered as they remained fixed on me, as though he knew what I was trying to say before I did. 
“Being your wife is going to be the death of me,” I said it simply, staring back at him, “It’s going to kill me, Gideon. I have too many enemies, and I have no one on my side. Not even you.” 
His fingers twitched where he had them clasped on the desktop, and he moved them to his lap. Still, he did not respond. 
“This…dynamic between you and Dierdra and I… Is there even any point to it anymore? You have me here as your Luna. I signed your damn contract. You know she will never rest until I am fully out of the picture.” 
He didn’t deny it, he just listened as I talked. That cold, penetrating gaze gave nothing away. 
“Though there are days I doubt it, I think I still want to live. I want to walk away from all this.” 
“You want to walk away from me,” Gideon asked sharply. 1 
“Yes.” I nodded, “From you. From whatever is between us.” 
He rose from the desk and walked around it towards where I stood, swaying on my feet. 
“You are barely standing,” he said, “perhaps we should talk about this another time.” 1 
“No!” I said, raising my voice, “Don’t you understand? I don’t have time left. If the Rogue King doesn’t get me, she might! Or my sister! Or some disgruntled pack member who thinks they’re doing you a favor! I’m running out of time…” 
He had been reaching to grasp my elbow, perhaps to support me, but I twitched away from his touch. I needed him to hear me. I needed him to understand. 
I turned to face him and placed one hand on his cheek. He stilled, barely breathing. 
“I need a divorce, Gideon.” 2 
1/4 3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 163
Chapter 163 
Avery’s POV 
“I need a divorce, Gideon.” 
My words hung in the air between us, his face so immobile it could have been carved in ice. Despite the heaviness of my words, the rejection and abandonment I felt from him for leaving me to die when the Rogue King was trying to take me, he was still so breathtakingly handsome to look at. 
It hurt to stare at someone I cared for so much and to feel so utterly convinced that he felt nothing similar for me in return. How many times had he given me some small sign, some small touch or gesture, or danced with me, only for it to dissolve away to nothing? 
I was exhausted of this dance between us. My heart was no longer just bruised and aching from the constant misunderstandings. Now it was badly wounded, bleeding out, and still he would not give me 
what I needed from him. 
“No,” his words were final. 
He still refused to hear me. How could I make him understand that his words were tantamount to my death sentence? 
I staggered where I stood, trying to remain upright as the heaviness of my reality came crashing down upon me. At every turn I had attempted to comply, to meet his expectations. I hadn’t chosen to become his Luna, but I had tried my hardest to rise to the requirements of the title. 
I was his wife, but there was no softness, no love between us that I could feel. This marriage was a sham, and I needed him to acknowledge that and to cease the charade before it killed me. 
My knees felt weak, and I sagged where I stood. Instantly, Gideon reached out to steady me, his hands warm and firm. Why couldn’t he be just as supportive of me in other ways? 
I tried to bring myself to thank him, but the words wouldn’t come. My mind was racing, trying to figure out what to do next. 
“You need to lie down,” Gideon ordered, “You should not have left your room.” 
“My prison, you mean,” I muttered. 
Gideon’s eyes flashed, “This sort of childishness does not suit my wife.” 
My head snapped up as he said that, my mouth opened to retort, but then the air left my lungs as Gideon swept me off my feet into his arms. 
“Back to bed with you,” He snapped. 
“We still need to talk!” I protested as he carried me out the door of his office and upstairs towards the bedrooms. 
27/11/3 
Chapter 163 
+25 Bonus 
“There is nothing to discuss,” Gideon said firmly, “I determine what is best for this pack, and for everyone within it.” His steps were still light and powerful as he quickly ascended the stairs with me in his arms. It was as though he didn’t even register my weight, nor did my feeble attempts at struggling go anywhere. 
He shoved open the door to my room with his shoulder and lowered my feet to the floor. He pointed at the nightgown on my bed and said, “Undress.” 
I stared at him, mouth gaping open. He wanted me to get into my nightgown in front of him? 
“You can’t be serious…” I breathed. Gideon just crossed his arms. My eyes swiveled from him to the bed and back again. 
Sudden memories of the night at the Alpha Ball rushed through my mind. The memory of my partner leaning above me, the sound of our gasps filling the room. I flushed bright red and dropped my eyes. 
“Undress,” Gideon pushed me gently towards the bed, “Or I will help you.” 
Still lost in the haze of memory, I slowly unbuttoned my daydress and turned to meet Gideon’s eyes. I felt self-conscious and yet… 
If he was the same man who had slept with me twice, the wolf who had been able to trigger my mating heat that Full Moon so long ago… Shouldn’t I be able to tell? 
So I held his gaze as I let my dress fall to the floor. 
This man was my husband. 
What did I see in his gaze as he stared at me? 
His gaze was heated, and dark, as he watched me move. Was he thinking about our wedding night? The night I had come to his room, ripe and ready? 
I stared at him impertinently, and watched as he slowly blinked, then licked his lips as his gaze dropped to my mouth. 
Suddenly the space between us felt electric, the air stifling. 
I backed up towards the bed, and as I stepped backwards, he stepped forward. My trembling fingers found the silky material of the nightgown and I lifted it between us, held it out to him. 
“Help me, then,” I whispered. 
Gideon’s large hand reached out, plucked the dainty garment from my fingers with a crushing grip. His other hand slid around my waist, and where his fingers stroked, fire alighted along my skin. 
His chest was pressing against me, his head bowed over my shoulder, lips brushing against my ear. 
“Turn around,” he growled. 
I obeyed, spinning in his arms, and felt him drape the nightgown across my shoulders, tying the belt at my waist. When he was done, he turned me back to face him. 
2/3 
Chapter 163 
+25 Bonus 
“Gideon…” I blurted out, needing to ask him one more thing. 
“Yes?” he growled, staring down at me. 
Behind him, I saw a flash of movement at the door, and a brief glimpse of Dierdra hovering beyond, trying to go unobserved. 
Eavesdropper, I thought. The problem with lurking in doorways is that you don’t always hear what you 
want… 
“That night at the Alpha Ball…” I said, eyes darting back to meet Gideon’s quizzical glance, “that was you with me, wasn’t it?” 
It was more of a statement than a question. A nod would do. If he would admit to it, then Dierdra would 
be crushed… 
Gideon stared down at me, his hands still gripping the silk sash at my waist. He was practically pulling me towards him with it. 
Surely, he would have to acknowledge the night we shared. This attraction between us… 
His mouth opened, and then his head snapped up, eyes narrowing. I turned to see where he was looking and saw him staring into the mirror next to my bed. He must have seen what I had seen, Dierdra lurking in the hallway. 
Gideon gave a mirthless smile, tipping his head towards me in a sarcastic bow. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said loudly, “Perhaps you need more rest.” 1 
Furious, I glared at him. 
“I have a hard time respecting people who can’t face the truth,” I snapped, and watched Gideon’s normal, aloof coldness return. 1 
“Avery…” he muttered, and I turned back with an angry invective on my lips, but then the door swung open fully and Dierdra breezed into the room. 
“Ah, Gideon,” she said, her presence turning the room frigid, “If you’re done visiting the invalid, I have some pack business to discuss with my mate,” She said the word ‘mate’ pointedly, staring at us and the short distance between us. 
Dutifully, Gideon took a step away, a flicker of guilt in his expression. 
P 
Comments 
? 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 164
Chapter 164 
Avery’s POV 
Dierdra stomped across the room towards us as Gideon stepped back from me guiltily. I could see her eyes measuring the distance between us, my state of undress, Gideon’s body language. She was doing the math. 
“What are you doing?” she sneered at me, “Gideon has a pack to run, he doesn’t have time to be your nursemaid.” 
Nursemaid. As though I had done anything to encourage Gideon mothering me. 
I raised my head, glaring at Gideon. If he wouldn’t take responsibility for what happened between us, then I felt no obligation to shield him from Dierdra’s wrath. He was the one who was shying away from giving me a straight answer. 
He couldn’t play both sides. He couldn’t be the wolf who kept me in my place, and also came to my bed. He couldn’t be both false mate and my true husband. 
“I am asking for a divorce,” I said calmly, “That should please you.” 
Dierdra’s eyes widened. Bizarrely, she flushed a deep red and got even angrier. 
“How dare you!” She jabbed a finger into my chest. Baffled, I backed away as she marched into my space, “You threaten me like this?” 
I blinked in surprise, and flinched away from her finger. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Gideon grimace. Still, he did nothing to intervene. 
I saw his fingers twitch at his sides, as though he wanted to reach out, though whether it would have been to protect me, or soothe Dierdra was anyone’s guess. Given how he had chosen lately, I was sure it was not likely he would come to my aid. 
“I would think, as Gideon’s ‘true mate’, you would be pleased,” I forced a smile. If I was making Dierdra upset, then I must be doing something right. Anything that placed obstacles in front of her, or Zara, was to the greater good. 
Dierdra switched tactics, turning towards Gideon and grasping onto his arm like a child. 
“You only bring up talk of divorce to threaten Gideon into giving me up!” Tears appeared at the corners of her eyes and she blinked up at him with a distressed expression. 
Even Gideon seemed bewildered and disconcerted by the sudden change of tactics. He blinked down at her. 
“Gideon doesn’t need my influence to make up his mind. He never has,” I pointed out, “His responsibility has always been to the pack above all.” 
Gideon looked uncomfortable, which gave me pause. Had I truly misjudged him? 
1/2 
Chapter 164 
+25 Bonus 
“You only see Gideon as a status symbol!” Dierdra sniffed, “Don’t pretend like you care about his feelings while you use him for your own ends!” 
Me, using Gideon? I wanted to laugh, but I didn’t dare. 
At no point had I managed to successfully manipulate Gideon into anything! 
He may have inadvertently rescued me from Silvermoon, but at every stage of my stay in Nightwolf he had made it frightfully clear that my interests were at the bottom of his consideration list. 
“If you care so much for Gideon’s feelings,” I said softly, “Why don’t you tell him who you really are?” 
Dierdra’s eyes went wide, her face suddenly drained of all color. 
For a moment, she was speechless. 
“You’re just saying these things because I’m a rogue,” she stammered finally, dropping Gideon’s arm and stepping away to wrap her arms around herself pathetically. She was frighteningly good at looking vulnerable when she wanted to. 
It was almost impressive, watching her change tack. She was truly a skilled manipulator. Her girlish figure seemed to shrink down, and her sniffles grew louder, tears streaming down her lovely face. 
If she hadn’t still been shooting daggers at me from her eyes when she thought Gideon wasn’t looking, I might have thought she was genuinely in distress. 
“Just when I finally found a home, you try and force me out!” Dierdra accused. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 165
Chapter 165 
Funny, she was the one who had been trying to force me out… 
I shook my head, feeling the weakness in my body quickly advancing as this altercation continued. Dealing with Dierdra was wearying on the best of days, but with my body still healing, and the continued harm I’d received at her hands, I was finding my strength flagging. 
I struggled to find words to refute her accusations. Gideon was still subdued, staring at Dierdra as she wept and whimpered. 
“You were supposed to h-h-help meeee!” Dierdra wailed, “Not hate me because I am a rogue! It’s not my fault I was captured by th-the Rogue King” 
“No, I-” I started to say but Dierdra cut me off. 
“You’re the Luna! You’re supposed to protect me!” She sank to the floor, “I would do anything for my mate while you only desire him for what he will do for you!” Dierdra threw her words in my face with venom, “I would step aside if I thought you were anything but a gold digger!” She pointed her finger at me, shaking, as she said the last bit. 
Furious, I stared at her knowingly and she flinched from my gaze. I was baffled that she was even pretending she was willing to step aside. Gideon, too, appeared shocked at her words. He took a step towards Dierdra and stared down at her, looking confused with how to proceed. 
I needed to respond, but what could I say? If Gideon truly expected me to prove I wasn’t a golddigger, how could I do so? After all, I had asked him for the divorce and he had refused. 
He was the one detaining me here indefinitely. The only thing I expected of him was to help me retrieve my mother from the Rogue King’s clutches. 
I lifted my eyes to stare at Gideon helplessly. Dierdra was the aggressor, but she was also teaching a masterclass in diversion. If I berated her now, it would only play into her strategy. 
“Gideon…” I pleaded. I needed him to step in, to bring truth to this situation. He had to know that I wasn’t a golddigger. Had I not tried to please him every chance I got? 
I had done the duties of Luna as best I could. I had stayed by his side at the Alpha Ball. I had even welcomed him into my bed… 
He was the one who had abandoned me for dead in the forest. He was the one who refused to listen when I tried to warn him about what Dierdra really was, and who was willing to bend the rules for her while he held me to the strictest standard. 
It was all too much, my body couldn’t take much more of this strain. 
I began to tremble on my feet, as darkness flickered at the edges of my vision. Shadows seemed to rise from the corners of the room as the light dimmed and I swayed in place. 
I needed release. I needed rest. I needed to know that I was safe and that everything would be all right. 
1/2 
T 
Chapter 165 
+25 Bonus 
But it wasn’t. Everything was fucked up now. 
Gideon’s eyes met mine over Dierdra’s caterwauling form. She had lifted one arm towards him, and then dropped it weakly, crying even harder when it appeared he wasn’t immediately going to drop to his knees and comfort her. 
“Please,” I mouthed the words to him, pleading with my eyes, willing him to see the torment within me. I may not be putting on as melodramatic an act as Dierdra but… 
If he was the man I hoped he was… If he was the wolf who had loved me so thoroughly and sweetly… if there was anything left between us to salvage… 
I needed him to show me. Now. 2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 166
Chapter 166 
Gideon’s POV 
Dierdra crumpled on the floor at my feet, her doll-like figure tragic and despondent as her waifish form was wracked with silent sobs. 
In front of me, Avery stood, pale and silent as a ghost. She was swaying slightly, as though shaken by an invisible breeze. My arms still felt the slight weight of her as I had carried her up the stairs. 
Her body was consuming massive amounts of energy just trying to heal the substantial injuries she had suffered during the rogue incursion. She needed to be in bed, resting. 
When she had arrived in my office she had already looked like she was on death’s doorstep. When she had told me she wanted a divorce, it had seemed to take the rest of her strength with it. Now, she looked on the verge of collapsing. 
Being stuck between the two of them, the waif and the wraith, filled me with helplessness. No matter what I did, it was impossible to please both of them. They were each so headstrong, and determined to achieve what they wanted from me. 
Had I not been clear with each about my limits? I had told Avery from the beginning that she could expect nothing more from me than the obligations of an Alpha. 
Though, I admit, I had crossed the line when I had slept with her. The memory of that night still filled me with shame, and I had buried the feeling so deeply that a part of me had even come to believe what I had told Dierdra afterwards… 
That I hadn’t slept with her. That she meant nothing for me in that way. That there was nothing between 

Now, Dierdra’s demands and Avery’s look of helplessness as she stared into my eyes, begging me to do something, left me feeling frustrated and confused. 
Avery had treated me with such intuitive gentleness when I had revealed the painful parts of my past to her. The truth of my Demonblood. The massacre of my childhood friends. 1 
And then there was Dierdra who was an atrocious flirt, and whose companionship could border on demanding, but who adapted more naturally to the transactional nature of our relationship. With her, our roles were well-defined. 
I could be the mate she wanted, the Alpha she wanted, if Avery was gone. 
I frowned at the idea that Avery was possibly a gold-digger. It was true that she came from nothing. By all accounts, her life in Silvermoon before I had married her had been a life of hardship. 
She tried to hide it, but I had seen the hovel where her mother had lived. I had met her sister, who was a real piece of work. Now she was a gold-digger if I’d ever seen one… 
I didn’t envy Ryan his scheming Luna. 
1/3 
Chapter 166 
+25 Bonus 
No, Avery had never seemed to covet the material benefits I brought to our arrangement. She had always quietly accepted whatever I gave her, and rarely asked for more. The happiest I had ever seen her had been when I had given her access to my sanctuary garden and the pack’s kitchen garden plots. 
Literally, I had given her dirt, and she had expressed gratitude. 
With Dierdra, even the finest gifts felt like pouring water into a bucket with a hole in it. There was a hunger in her that would never be filled unless she had it all- unless she was worshipped by all. She had her sights set on the crown of being my Luna, and any limitation, including her own, was unacceptable to 
her. 
But, was that not also worthy of the wolf who was my mate? Dierdra was the other half of my soul, or at least, I believed the mark on her neck that told me she was. 
There was that niggling doubt at the back of my mind that reminded me that Avery had told me she was a false mate on our wedding night. My wolf, too, had said that he felt no connection to hers. 1 
The whole situation was baffling, upsetting, and while I was not usually one to shirk from responsibility, I had it up to here with these confounding females. 
I needed to find a solution that would patch a bandage over this situation until I could come up with something more permanent. 
I couldn’t afford to dissolve my marriage with Avery. Too much hinged on the important traditions that she fulfilled, and which lent legitimacy to my hierarchical leadership. 
The Alpha of Nightwolf must marry a Luna from Silvermoon. That was that. It could not be changed. 
My mate might not like it, but did she not have every other part of me? Did I not allow her into my bed every night? She claimed Avery was the aggressor, acting against her because she was formerly a rogue 
Looking at Avery as she wavered, ashen and starting to bleed through her bandages once more, she didn’t wear the mantle of aggressor to me. (1) 
It would take a while to get to the bottom of this. I needed an elegant solution that would buy time. 
“What would you have me do?” I said finally. Avery started to open her mouth, but I wasn’t asking her. I held up a hand and looked down at Dierdra, whose face lit up with hope. 
“Send her to live in the village,” Dierdra said at once, as though she’d had the idea in mind for some time, “Have your Beta keep an eye on her. I have no doubt that you will discover that she’s not as virtuous as she pretends,” she slid her eyes towards Avery accusingly. 
I frowned. I didn’t love the idea of Avery being so far from the pack house, but she herself had said that she feared Dierdra’s retaliation. While I hadn’t seen any sign that those fears were founded, if Avery was more distant, perhaps both would feel less threatened. 
“Very well,” I agreed, “Since Avery is injured, she will be able to recuperate more fully in the village.” 
2/3 
Chapter 166 
+25 Bonus 
“That’s not…” Avery started to protest, wobbling and clinging to the bedpost for support. She was still wearing that silky nightrobe, and for a moment I had a visceral memory of how the satin had felt over the curves of her while she had dressed and I had tied that sash. 
“You are not fit to be Luna in this state,” I barked, concern making my voice come out more harshly than I intended. I saw Avery flinch, but it was the truth and I would not take it back. 
“Dierdra will perform the duties of Luna while you recover. I will assign a lieutenant to see to your convalescence. I do not want to see you back in this house until you have devoted time and energy to strengthening your wolf and recovering your vitality.” 3 
I stretched out a hand and helped Dierdra to her feet. She was beaming, and the tears that had streaked her cheeks had dried completely. 
I felt a twinge of concern. Truly, I wasn’t sure that Dierdra had the skillset required to be a good Luna, but there was only one way to find out. 
I escorted Dierdra towards the door while pointing back at Avery and the bed. 
“Remain here until my Beta arrives to escort you to your new lodgings this evening.” 1 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
get it 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 167
Chapter 167 
+25 Bonus 
 
Avery’s POV 
And then he was gone. The one person I thought might be able to intervene, who might have been able to throw me a lifeline, instead turned and walked out my bedroom door. 
He held all the cards, and instead of playing the hand that could have saved me, he had done the equivalent of politely folding. 1 
As Dierdra and Gideon departed my room, the last vestiges of pride that had kept me standing exited as well. I barely missed hitting my head on the bedframe as I collapsed to the floor and sucked great lungfuls of air into my body. 1 
My hands were shaking. 20 minutes of standing in a room with Gideon Nightwolf had drained me of every last bit of life. 
He had pronounced his sentence. I was to be sent away. 
I had seen the desperate, hunted look in his eyes while Dierdra had been speaking. It was not the despairing, besotted look of someone watching the love of his life collapse on the floor sobbing. 
No, Dierdra’s act had been convincing, but I didn’t think Gideon was truly convinced. 
His expression had, instead, been the pursed–lips grimace of a politician. Of a man who had uncomfortable truths he didn’t want to deal with. 
I had never before seen Gideon look shifty, and yet, it was obvious in the coming days after his lieutenant came and moved my belongings to my new lodgings that Gideon was all too happy to find excuses to avoid having to deal with me further. 
From my new apartment above the coffee shop, I had a clear view of the pack house. The next morning, Gideon and a pack of warriors departed in a great show of force, off for destinations unknown. 
Despite passing within feet of my new front door, Gideon never even glanced in my direction as they progressed down the street and out of town. 
Once again I was on my own. Left to my own devices. 
Except now Dierdra had the title of Luna, and she fully intended to use it. 
The day after Gideon left, she barged into my tiny loft apartment. I had just struggled out of the shower, and had barely finished dressing when she opened my front door and marched in as though she owned the place. 
Which, I suppose, now she did. 
She made a great show of looking all around, sniffing and poking at the simple furnishings. 
“Still probably nicer than you’re used to,” she commented with a catty laugh, “I had them fumigate your 
1/3 
Chapter 167 
+25 Bonus 
room today, there was just such an awful smell… I’m afraid anything you had left there will need to be burned.” 
She posed, tilting her head to see whether her words goaded any reaction out of me. 
I tried to think if there was anything I still cared about in this village, much less in my rooms. I owned so very little, and none of it quality. 
The dress I had made with my friends had already been ruined at the Alpha Ball. She had already cut down the tree I had loved the most, and taken the key to my sanctuary garden away from me. She had turned Gideon against me… 1 
There was nothing more she could ruin that would get under my skin. Sure, she could salt the gardens, destroy my plantings, but she was the Luna now, and such actions would sabotage her own efforts as much as mine. 
Seeing my blank face, Dierdra faltered, realizing that her barbs were not hitting their mark. Instead, she inspected my body, her gaze sweeping up and down, assessing me. My wounds were still heavily bandaged, and I had limited movement in my arm that had taken the greatest damage. 
“The Full Moon is coming,” she said with the mock–sweet tone she always took when she was about to be cruel, “If your wolf is too weak to transform properly, you had better be careful. There has been talk of a culling.” 
A culling. 
I had heard the term before. It referred to when a wolf in the pack is scented as a liability by the majority of the powerful wolves in a hierarchy. The wolves had their own ways of keeping a pack strong, and when one member grew too weak, sometimes the others would turn on them. 
The results were always bloody. 
I had seen it happen only once in Silvermoon, when a young male had been badly wounded and refused to relinquish his spot in pack hierarchy but was still too weak to enforce his authority. Jealous packmates had turned on him at the next Full Moon. 
I could still remember the horrible howls that had gone up when the culling had taken place. They had hunted the young wolf through the forest until his body had given out. When the other wolves had returned, their muzzles had been streaked with blood. 
It was not common, but it could happen. 
Dierdra watched horror sweep over my face and leaned in with a smirk, “Oh yes, even Gideon will not be able to save you if the pack decides you need to go. Why would any of them bother to save you? I’m Luna now, and you are nothing.” 
I hated that she was right, but this wasn’t my birth pack. I did not have the strong bonds here that would save me in the arena of public opinion. I had more enemies than friends, and they were powerfully placed. 
2/3 
Chapter 167 
+25 Bonus 
What hope did I have if someone like Jessica started openly speaking for my culling now? Dierdra would barely have to lift a finger to assist in turning the pack against me. As Luna, she only had to allow it to happen and Gideon would likely allow it. 1 
My words to him in his office had not been exaggeration. Dierdra would have me killed, and his refusal to grant me a divorce would be my death warrant. 
The only thing that would definitively prevent them from enacting a culling would be if my wolf proved strong enough to stop it. (1 
My heart sank further. While I had started to sense my wolf before the Alpha Ball, she had encouraged me to grow stronger. 
This injury set me back. I could barely stand for more than a few minutes at a time. How could I manifest a powerful transformation into my wolf? 
“Better hope you heal up before the moon is full…” Dierdra sashayed towards the exit, knowing she had accomplished her mission. I would have trouble sleeping tonight. 
The door slammed behind her and, I am loathe to admit, I took her advice. 
I began to pray with all my might that I would be able to heal in time. 
At one point I had wielded the power of the Moon Goddess. I had bent moonlight in my hands and used it to stitch together Gideon’s wounds, and to reveal Dierdra’s illusionary mark. 
But now even that healing power felt far beyond me. There was no stirring of magic in my hands, no raw energy that came to my aid and knit my body back together. 
Even my wolf was silent as I sat back down in my lonely apartment and waited for my death. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 168
Chapter 168 
Dierdra’s POV 
My footsteps rang hollow on the stairs leading down from Avery’s apartment. If I’d had my choice, I would have put her in a basement unit. She deserved to be in the ground. 
Anyone watching our interaction would have known that I had scored a mark when I had told her about the Culling. The fear that had hollowed out her eyes had been real. She knew she was in no shape to stand up to the pack if they called for her blood. 
But my threats were also just that, unless I could actually manage to stir the pack to call for the culling, and I wasn’t sure I would be able to accomplish that. She had a frustratingly positive image in the village, despite having been absent during her recovery. 
I needed to come up with a secondary plan. 
Gideon had left to handle issues on the border, or at least that’s what he had claimed. I had a sneaking suspicion he just wanted to get away from me… from Avery and I both. 
That infuriated me as well. 
I just couldn’t understand what he saw in that girl. She was nothing. She came from nothing. She had no redeeming qualities, no exemplary skills, and while pretty, she was no great beauty. 
And was I not his mate? (I mean, I wasn’t, but… you know what I mean) He believed me to be his mate, and that should have been everything to him, but I could tell that his heart wasn’t in it, and that terrified 
me. 
If my deception was discovered, if Gideon turned on me, I was so screwed. Even if he didn’t call for my death immediately, I would be exiled, or worse. I needed to make sure that could never happen. 
Avery had her suspicions, though I had no idea how she had originally managed to reveal that my mark was an illusion. It was claimed she was a great healer, and yet she couldn’t even manage to heal herself, so I wasn’t impressed. 
But it was unfortunate that she had managed to stumble across Zara and I in conference at the Alpha Ball. That wasn’t supposed to happen, and I’m still not sure whether she just got lucky or someone tipped her off. Regardless, it was clear that she had suspicions but hadn’t taken them to Gideon. 
I still wasn’t sure what there was between them. There had been moments at the Alpha Ball where I had felt like there was some… connection. Yet, other than that questionable instance of Gideon using her restroom the morning after Reynaud had slipped her that drug Zara gave me, they barely interacted. 
In every way that should matter, he should have been mine. 
And yet. 
I was a survivor, and my instincts were a large part of why I was still alive. Why, despite being a rogue, I was now Luna and Mate to the Alpha of Nightwolf. 
1/3 
Chapter 168 
+25 Bonus 
So when my senses told me that something was a threat, I listened. 
And they were screaming that Avery was a threat. 
I needed to figure out a solution to that threat, and I knew just the person who could help me. 
I climbed into the pack vehicle and set out for my scheduled rendez–vous. When I pulled into the secluded glade, I saw that the Silvermoon Luna had already arrived, and her new companion… 
“Dierdra,” purred the man I knew only as the Rogue King, as I stepped into the isolated cabin, “You are looking well.” He looked me over with his one eye. The other was obscured behind an eyepatch, although it didn’t truly detract from his handsome face. 
The Rogue King looked every inch an Alpha, and yet there was that air about him that screamed of the wilds. A Rogue’s energy. His strength didn’t come from pack hierarchy, but from his raw power. 
He was incredibly dangerous, but, he was also my lifeline. Without him and Zara, I would still just be a captive rogue. 
Zara was leaning against the table, her voluptuous form dressed smartly. She looked every inch the competent and powerful Luna. 
They would have been a beautiful couple… if they had been together. 
Zara’s Alpha, Ryan, was not privy to our secret meetings. Apparently he still harbored feelings for Avery, who he had thrown over when Zara had seduced him at the Full Mating Moon. It was still very juicy gossip within Silvermoon and I could tell it got under Zara’s skin. 
She made up for it by being utterly ruthless. 
“I need a plan,” I said, frustration seeping into my voice, “Despite everything, he still won’t dismiss her. Your attack was almost good enough, but you should have just killed her. Instead, now she’s recovering and Gideon feels sorry for her, although I was able to get her removed from the pack house.” 
“She must not be killed,” the Rogue King’s voice was commanding in the sort of way that made my spine. stiffen and the hair on the back of my neck rise, “If I find out that she dies on your watch…” 
I blanched at the threat in his words, “Tell me what I need to do.” 
When I pulled back into the driveway at the Nightwolf pack house, I flicked off the pack vehicle lights before putting the car in pack. I was surprised to see Gideon’s car was in its customary spot. Had he returned then? 
I stepped out of the car and walked up to the front door, but some instinct told me to hide, and I ducked behind a tree just in time to see Avery coming down the path. She passed within feet of me, but didn’t notice me. 
When she was gone, I breathed a sigh of relief. If she had caught me returning from Silvermoon, it would 
2/3 
Chapter 168 
+25 Bonus 
have been unfortunate. I needed to get rid of her, and bind Gideon to me more completely, before I was caught and accused of treason. 
I wondered what she had been up to in my absence. I would need to check with my informants and see if they knew. 
I returned to my quarters and bumped into Gideon stepping into the hallway. 
“Dierdra,” he said, in that deep, masculine voice that made chills run down my spine, “I was surprised to find you gone when I returned.” 
His eyes swept over me. Did he suspect something? 
“Oh!” I giggled, “Just running errands in the village.” 
“I noticed one of the pack cars was missing, was that you?” he asked, narrowing his eyes. 
“Actually, I think it was Avery,” I lied smoothly, “I just saw her leaving the parking lot while I was walking up from the village.” 
“I see,” Gideon pursed his lips and crossed his arms. I wondered what he was thinking. 
“I’m glad you’re back!” I said brightly, “I missed you!” 
“Hmm…” he grunted. 
“Did you miss me?” I breathed, brushing up against him tantalizingly. 
It wasn’t hard to seduce Gideon. At the end of the day he was just a man, like the rest of them. A dangerous man, but he could be used. 
“Of course,” he said reflexively, brushing a kiss onto my cheek. 
I watched him disappear down the hallway. Only a little while longer, and he would truly be mine forever. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 169
Chapter 169 
Avery’s POV 
I walked all over the village that day. 
I couldn’t say why, for sure. My body needed to do something to keep me from staring at the wall and waiting for the worst to happen. 
I was still too weak to actively train on the training grounds, my injuries too severe to use the weights or the exercise equipment. Now that I was removed from the role of Luna, I had more time than I knew what to do with. 
I walked to the gardens, looked at the growing things, but there was little for me to do there. 
I walked to the kitchens and lingered until the cook told me I was in the way and drove me out. 
At least, I thought, the walking was some form of exercise. Somehow, though, I doubted it would be enough to transform my wolf and save me from the culling. 
Dierdra’s visit had lodged in my brain like a splinter. Even when I wanted to forget about it, my mind kept poking at it. I hated that she’d managed to get under my skin, that she had been correct in some way. 
I tried to just focus on putting one foot in front of the other. I walked up and down both sides of the main street in the village, until I started getting odd looks. Then I decided to walk up to the pack house. 
That was a bad idea. 
Approaching the door brought back so many memories. Of the first time I had entered this house with Gideon. Of the time he had burst in, thinking that I had been meeting with someone in secret. Of the appearance of the rogue captives, and the arrival of Dierdra… 
Most of the memories were painful. 
So why did I miss him so much? 
If Dierdra’s words were a splinter in my mind, then Gideon was a whole–ass tree, growing out of my brain. I couldn’t ignore it, I could only work around it. 
Darkness was falling. I turned away from the Pack House door and began my dreary trudge back into town. No one spoke to me, though a few pack members nodded in greeting as I passed. To them, I was the downfallen Luna, and they feared getting too close lest I drag them down with me. 
Their fears were well founded, since Dierdra had a vindictive streak a mile wide. 
I heard steps behind me on the sidewalk, but I didn’t bother to turn. There was no one who would speak 
to me here. 
Therefore I was startled when someone grabbed my elbow and spun me around. I jumped, and then winced, as the movement tugged on my healing arm. 
1/4 
Chapter 169 
+25 Bonus 
The person who had grabbed me hastily dropped my arm, as though they had just remembered that I was wounded. 
I raised my eyes. 
It was Gideon. 
He stared at me with eyes dark as stormclouds. 
“Did you take the pack car to Silvermoon to see Ryan?” he demanded. 
No ‘hello‘. No ‘how are you healing now that my fake–mate has forced you to move out?‘ 
Just a raw accusation. 
“Hello Gideon,” I said pointedly, then turned and resumed my walk back to my new apartment, “I see you have returned.” 
He followed me through the door and up the stairs. I decided to treat him the way one might a stray cat that followed you home, and put a drink and food in front of him absentmindedly. 
“You didn’t answer me,” Gideon glared, though he did begin forking the meal immediately. He looked hungry, and tired, and irritated. 
“What do you want to know?” I sighed, “Did I go to Silvermoon to see Ryan? No. I did not.” 
Gideon frowned, “I need to know that you are still loyal to me, and not thinking about going back to him. Someone said that you had gone back there while I was gone.” 
‘Someone‘ being Dierdra, I assumed. Of course. 
“Aren’t you having me followed?” I raised an eyebrow, sliding into the chair across the table from the moody, possessive Alpha, “Besides, I can’t drive with this arm.” 
Gideon blinked, as though he had forgotten that he himself had instructed his Beta to keep tabs on me. 1 
“Though,” I glanced around the room as though considering, “There isn’t anything that Ryan did to me that you haven’t also done…” I raised my fingers and counted off as I listed the ways Gideon had treated me, “You have removed me from my home, you have forced me into marriage, you have slept with someone who isn’t your wife, you have used me, and given me no love or comfort in exchange, Gideon.” 
He grew angry, tossing his fork onto his plate. 
“Ryan is weak,” Gideon said, offended, “Our relationship was never intended to become personal, as I believe I warned you at the beginning. That I had a mate. That this was strictly to honor tradition.” 
“You think I don’t realize that?” My eyes flashed at him, “My feelings have always been the furthest from your mind, as I am painfully aware. You don’t care in the slightest about my well–being, physically or emotionally. You only care about what I can do for you!” 
I realized my voice had rose over the course of my tirade. That I had risen to my feet and was staring 
2/4 
Chapter 169 
down at Gideon as I spoke. 
Oops. 
+25 Bonus 
His handsome face stared up at me, stunned, eyebrows drawn. He didn’t like what I’d said, and I wondered if I should start running now, before he chose what manner of punishment was suitable in 
response. 
Instead, silence stretched. 
Then Gideon got up and left. 
No words, no violence. He just rose and walked out the door. 
Why was he always doing that? 
Troubled, I got dressed for sleep and climbed into bed, turning the encounter over and over in my head. It didn’t make sense. I found it hard to regret what I had said, but I couldn’t parse his sudden, silent exit. 
The next day, it became more clear. 
Gideon appeared at my door the next morning. He looked, if not exactly contrite, then a bit subdued as he stepped into my apartment. 
I offered him coffee. 
He drank it. 
We sat in silence. 
Then he left. 
The next day, the same thing happened. And the day after that. I was becoming somewhat bemused by our strange new tradition. Why did he keep stopping by? 
It didn’t matter. Technically nothing between us had changed. In my mind, the only path forward remained divorce. Until he was willing to remove Dierdra from his life, his implacable presence, while 
somewhat pleasant, was not going to sway me. 
Finally, he spoke. 
“I have news about your mother,” he said. 
My eyes widened. I felt like I couldn’t breathe. 
“What news?” I breathed, dreading the worst. Had the Rogue King been angry at failing to capture me 
and harmed her? 
“She is being held in a dungeon by the Rogue King. We have pinpointed where.” 
So, she was still alive. My heart rose, and then sank again. 
3/4 
Chapter 169 
I had no means of rescuing her. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 170
Chapter 170 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
My mother was being held in the Rogue King’s prison, and I had no power, no ability to rescue her. 
I hadn’t grown up close to my mother- my father had seen to that. From the time I was weaned, I had been removed from her care. He had hated my mother, claimed she seduced him, and she was relegated to the position of omega slave while I was raised in the Gamma’s household. 
And yet, my mother was still dear to me. She had looked out for me as best she could, though 
sometimes she was too downtrodden to do more than advocate for survival. She was a simple woman 
in some ways. 
But she had never made me doubt that she loved me. 
At times in my life, I believe she was the only one who did. Certainly, my belligerent father had lost all interest in me once my wolf had failed to manifest. My step–sister was my greatest enemy, and her husband was the man I had once thought would become my mate. 
So to know that the only person who had unconditionally loved me was now in the hands of an evil man- a man who would do anything to make me his – it tore at my heart and horrified me. 
I needed to find a way to save her. It was the primary reason I had lingered here as Luna. Gideon had promised that he would help rescue her if I did so. 
Now I was no longer Luna, thanks to my injuries. Would he still deliver good on his promise? 
My tear–filled eyes flickered to his across the table in my apartment. 
“Gideon,” I begged, “Please save her.” 
My heart sank further as he hesitated. What was he waiting for? His face was twisted in contemplation, as though he was weighing the decision in his mind. 
“Avery,” he said finally, with a heavy tone, “The dungeon is heavily guarded. To attack it in open onslaught would result in heavy losses for our pack. It would be seen as a formal declaration of war.” 
“So declare war then!” I exclaimed, “Do you not want to eliminate the Rogue King? Have you not been fighting his forces for the entirety of my stay here?” 
Gideon looked as though his own words tasted bitter in his mouth. He grimaced, then looked at me directly. 
“The cost would be too dear. I cannot send my warriors to die in a bloodbath. I wouldn’t ask it of them if it was any member of my own pack imprisoned, I couldn’t ask them to do this thing for a woman who is not even one of our own.” 
So that was it then. All his promises had been worth nothing. 
1/4 
Chapter 170 
+25 Bonus 
I was surprised at how shocked I was. Somehow, I had still believed that at the end of the day, Gideon would do the right thing. I had thought he was an honorable man, but in every way that mattered, he had 
let me down. 
Grief tore at my heart, at the idea that I had exhausted my last chance at saving my mother. That because I had trusted the wrong man, I would now lose the one person who had ever truly, selflessly, 
cared for me. 
I was the worst sort of daughter to leave her to that fate. 
“But our contract,” I whispered, as tears poured down my face, “You promised.” 
Gideon looked anguished as he rose and went to the door. 
“It’s not possible, Avery,” he said firmly. 
“Then you have deceived me,” I said, my voice low, flat, and dead. 
He only stared at me as I turned away from him, and then I heard his footsteps descending the stairs. 
Heartbroken, I threw myself onto my bedspread and gave in to despair. I cursed myself for being so naive, for giving so much of myself, and for what? At the end of the day, Gideon had used me, just like everyone else. 
The only person I could trust to solve my own problems was myself. It was up to me to find a way to rescue my mother. 
I marched to my desk and pulled out paper and ink and began to write. 
There was one warrior who I still considered a friend. A man who had once showed me kindness. Perhaps he would be willing to do so once again. 
– 
“Stay away from my man,” Jessica’s hand rose in the air and I flinched. She had barged into my apartment the next day, holding my letter in her hand. 
“That letter was not for you,” I pointed out. I wasn’t sure how she had intercepted the letter intended for lan, but it was obvious that she had. 
lan was Jessica’s true mate, but she had rejected him. Now, seeing that she was intercepting his mail, I began to wonder if there wasn’t more to her feelings than she let on. 
“It doesn’t matter, it’s mine now,” Jessica said, lowering her hand and leaning over me with a smirk, “And I wonder what Gideon would think about you writing to one of his warriors and begging for his help.” 
“Gideon doesn’t care about what happens to me,” I said, truthfully. Jessica’s eyes widened. That had not been what she expected to hear. 
“He’s not willing to stick to our bargain,” I said, bitterly. 
2/4 
Chapter 170 
+25 Bonus 
“So,” Jessica crossed her arms, cocking out one of her curvy hips. The woman had a figure that would put an hourglass to shame, and, not for the first time, I wished I looked more like her, “The high–and- mighty Luna is brought low.” 
Of course she would delight in my downfall, but I found myself unwilling to rise to her taunting. I had lost everything that mattered, her words were unable to hurt me further. 
“Yes,” I said simply. 
Jessica looked as though she was thinking for a long moment, “Why did you want lan to help you?” 
“Because I have no one else.” I ground out. 
“lan is mine,” Jessica snapped, “Don’t come running to him to fix your problems for you.” 
“I thought you rejected him?” I pointed out, tilting my head, “Didn’t you?” 
Astonishingly, Jessica’s cheeks flushed. Perhaps she wasn’t as indifferent to her connection with lan as she pretended. 
“Ah,” I nodded, as some things slid into place in my mind, “I see I wasn’t the only one whose plans went awry.” 
“Mind your own business!” Jessica snapped, tucking my letter back into her pocket, “I’m not here to talk 
about me.” 
“Why are you here then?” I asked, curiously. 
“I…” Jessica looked uncharacteristically off–kilter, “I will keep this letter from Gideon on one condition. There is a promotion that I require a recommendation for. If you write the commendation, then I will let it go.” 
So it was to be blackmail then. 
I blinked at her in astonishment. The meangirl was asking me for a letter of recommendation. Truly, that would be abandoning whatever honor I had left. 
It was a clever request. If I later tried to expose Jessica for what she was, she could point at the letter of recommendation as proof that I didn’t truly feel that way. I would look like a liar. 
But she had me over a barrel, and she knew it. If she took my letter to Gideon he would know that I had tried to go behind his back and against his wishes. 
Growling, I grabbed my pen and paper once more. 
“How long does this letter need to be?” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 171
Chapter 171 
Avery’s POV 
After Jessica’s unpleasant visit, I felt as though even my long–shot hope had been decimated. I had written the letter as she requested, though it pained me to have to write my false testament to her character. 
It wasn’t all lies. I had no doubt that ruthlessness, pride, tenacity, and ambition were admirable traits in most. No doubt, when she wanted something, Jessica could be most persuasive. 
But I also wouldn’t want her as MY coworker. 
When she finally left, after forcing me to do three revisions that painted her in increasingly glowing tones, I was exhausted. 
When I woke up, there was an unpleasant guest sitting at my table. 1 
>My sister, Zara. 
I had no idea how she had found her way in. The thought that she had been sitting there while I slept was most unpleasant. She knew it too. 
Her smug cats–eye grin was sly and crafty as she observed me struggling to sit up with my injured arm. 
“You are quite torn up,” she remarked, taking in my various bandages and still–healing scrapes and bruises, “You must have been quite careless. Tsk tsk.” 
I was sure that she knew very well that the wounds I had sustained were the result of the Rogue King’s attack. 
“Why are you here?” I ground out, my voice hoarse from sleep, “You are not permitted on Nightwolf grounds.” 
“Am I not? When our packs have an ancient alliance?” Zara’s eyes glittered, “I think you must be exaggerating. I had no trouble walking right in past the sentries.” 
No doubt she had coerced them with her beauty, or at least, with bribes. Or, a horrifying thought crossed my mind, perhaps Gideon truly was ready to side with Silvermoon. That would be the ultimate insult, showing that he had never genuinely cared for my suffering. 
He knew about the abuse that had been done to me, primarily at Zara’s hands. If he was willing to look the other way about the Rogue King’s capture of my mother, was he also willing to let my tormentors continue to wreck havoc on my life? 
If Zara truly had been let in with Gideon’s permission, then the answer would be yes. 
“Leave,” I demanded, although my voice sounded faint and powerless even to myself 
“Trust me,” Zara wrinkled her nose, “I don’t want to spend any more time in your presence than I must, 
1/21/3 2. 
Chapter 171 
but I came out of concern.” 
+25 Bonus 
“That doesn’t sound like you,” I said mistrustfully, sitting on the edge of my bed and glaring at her, Concern about what?” I hesitated to ask, but of course, there was no way around it. Whatever horrible thing Zara was here for, she wouldn’t leave until she’d accomplished it. 
“Why, concern about your mother, of course,” she said, sweetly, pulling a screen from her bag and holding it out to me. 
My mother? 
Dread filled me as I reached out to take the tablet from Zara. A video was playing on the screen. Unwillingly, my eyes took in what the images were showing me. 
It was an image from a cell. The type of closed–circuit video that might be recorded in a store, or gas station, or the like. The timestamp at the bottom was from this week. 
The cell showed a woman sitting on the bare earth. There was no bed, or chair. Only a simple toilet in one corner. She was shivering, with a single blanket, and filthy. 
When she turned her face, I saw it was my mother. 
“How dare you,” I turned to face Zara, furious. “Release her at once!” 
“Well, of course I would be willing to do that…” Zara smiled unpleasantly, wresting the tablet from my 
hand, “For a price.” 
1 squeezed my eyes shut and balled my hands into fists at my side. I was in no condition to fight her, and it wouldn’t secure my mother’s release even if I did. 
“What do you want?” I growled. 
“We will let your mother go, if you agree to trade yourself. The Rogue King has no use for your mother, after all.” she smirked. 
I felt angry tears gather in my eyes. 
I had already had to compromise myself to meet Jessica’s blackmail. Now, Zara brought this offer, and I had no doubt who was its true engineer. 
The Rogue King had already stated to my face that he wanted me to bear his heir. 
He was of the belief that something in me, or my blood, would ensure that any child I gave birth to would be massively powerful. As a result, he would do anything to get his hands on me. 
The last time he had almost captured me, he and Zara had planned on injecting me with a medicine that would force me into a mating heat. 
I had barely managed to escape. 
Now that he had my mother, he finally had the leverage required to make me come back to him. 
2/3 
Chapter 171 
+25 Bonus 
Panic was rising within me. I may not have been living my best life here, in Nightwolf, but I was arguably still free. If I went to the Rogue King’s clutches, I wouldn’t even be that. 
My breath began to come in huffs as I started to hyperventilate at the prospect. 
“Oh don’t be ridiculous,” Zara mocked, “Selling yourself is all you’ve ever been good for! It’s why you 
married Gideon, isn’t it?” 
She leaned closer, malice gleaming in her eyes, “You’ve always been drawn to men who would use you, how is this any different? You’re just expendable to them. Don’t flatter yourself thinking that you’re too good for this,” she sneered. 
Was she correct? Even my own father hadn’t wanted me once he had discovered my lack of a wolf might bring shame on his family. 
Ryan, who I thought had wanted me for me, had abandoned me to sleep with my sister. Gideon had only wanted me to fill a role. To have a Silvermoon Luna so that he would fulfill ancient pack alliances and 
cement his power as Alpha. 
Now the Rogue King wanted me solely for the heirs he hoped I could bear him. 
Was that truly all I was good for? Breeding stock, and a trophy on some Alpha’s arm? 
Not even a trophy mate. I was nothing more currently than Gideon’s discarded wife. 
Zara watched her insidious words strike home in my heart and she smiled to herself. 
“Come now, surely it won’t be so bad,” She turned away and walked towards the exit, “Your ego is the only thing that will be hurt. Think of your mother,” She turned back to place a business card on the table near the door. 
“He will be waiting for your response. Best not wait too long, he’s not a patient man,” and then she was 
gone. 
Horrified, I stared at the contact information scrawled on the card in an unfamiliar hand. 
Could I really do this? Surrender myself to the Rogue King to save my mother? Even knowing that it would make me his prisoner for life? Even knowing that I would be locking myself into an arrangement where I would sleep with that psychopath and bear his children? 
Panic bubbled within me as I pulled on my shoes and dashed out the door. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 172
Chapter 172 
Avery’s POV 
I was still too weak to run, so my dash up to the pack house was more of a fast–paced hobble. As I hurried along, Zara’s words kept echoing in my mind. 
“He is not a patient man.” 
How long did I really have before the Rogue King decided to force my hand further and escalated his torture of my mother or worse? It already tore me apart to think that it was due to me that she was subjected to the treatment I had seen on the camera feed Zara had shown me. 
More than that, it did confirm the intel that Gideon had brought to me. That my mother was being held in some sort of dungeon. We had been on the right trail, but I still was no closer to finding a solution to breaking my mother out safely. 
I scurried along the road up the hill to the pack house, and hoped that I would be able to find Gideon quickly. He hadn’t come to visit me this morning. Perhaps he had realized that any hope of repairing our relationship was impossible while my mother was held captive. 
Another possibility crossed my mind. That Jessica had carried through on her blackmail threat and had shown him the letter I had penned to lan requesting his assistance, going behind Gideon’s back to do so. 
I had given her the recommendation letter she had demanded, but what if she hadn’t upheld her end of the deal? I could be walking into that pack house into the full force of Gideon’s wrath. 
But I had no choice. 
Even if he wanted to punish me for my treachery and disobedience, I still needed to try once more to convince him to try and save my mother. 
I would do anything he asked, if he could only do this one thing for me. I knew that pack wolf lives hung in the balance, and I was willing to offer my own in surety if needed. 
My muscles were still weak from my healing and illness. I was growing winded just walking up the hill, and hauling open the massive door on the front of the pack house was harder than I remembered. 
Panting, I fumbled my way up to the second floor where Gideon’s office was. 
Then I froze. 
Dierdra stood in the hallway, between myself and Gideon’s office. There was no way she was going to let me by. 
My heart sank. The panic clawed at my throat and drove my feet forward, despite my apprehension. 
Perhaps I could just veer around her… 
“Stop,” Dierdra said coldly, “You are no longer permitted in this building.” 
1/3 
Chapter 172 
+25 Bonus 
“I have timely news that Gideon must hear,” I said, trying to keep the desperation out of my voice. 
“You may give me your message, and I will deliver it,” Dierdra said, snidely, “And then you must leave.” 
“I cannot give it to you. It is for Gideon’s ears only,” I shook my head and tried to step around her, but Dierdra moved to block my path. 
“Do you think that the laws of this pack don’t apply to you?” she sneered, “You are disobeying your Luna’s commands, and your Alpha’s declaration that you may not enter this house until you are fully healed. What an impertinent wolf you are, Avery. And to think, you once presumed to run this pack…” 
Her words were barely registering in my ears. All I could think was that somewhere beyond that shut office door, Gideon was sitting. Gideon who held access to one of the largest packs of warriors in the territories. Gideon who knew where my mother was. 
I needed to get to him. Needed. 
I was staring at the door so hard, that when Dierdra moved herself into my line of sight, she flinched. 
“How dare you show me the wolf in your eyes!” She berated. 
Had I? 
Had my eyes flashed yellow, the way Gideon’s did when his wolf was near the surface of his control? 
And yet, I heard no voice from within me. My wolf had been silent since my injury, and I felt none of her 
strength. 
“I need. To speak. To Gideon,” I said again, biting off my words. 
“And I told you, you may not!” Dierdra preened, crossing her arms, “Besides, he’s in an important meeting.” 
“Get out of my way,” I hissed, taking another step forward, which put me into Dierdra’s space. 
She squawked and stumbled backwards, then regained her footing and lunged forwards, pushing into my space in return. Her momentum pushed me, and my weakened muscles caused me to trip. I fell backwards, hard, and stared up as Dierdra loomed over me. 
“You are pathetic,” she spat, “A weak little human who can’t even manifest their wolf properly. You’re nothing more than a pathetic animal. Less than human, less than wolf.” 
I tried to roll away, to scramble to my feet, but Dierdra moved forward and pinned my injured arm to the floor with her foot. 
“Do you want to challenge me?” She said softly, “Because I would greatly enjoy destroying you while Gideon watches.” 
“My mother,” I hissed out as pain flooded through me from her pressure on my injury, “I need to save my 
mother.” 
2/3 
Chapter 172 
+25 Bonus 
Dierdra laughed cruelly, “That won’t be happening. No one can save her now. You might as well crawl off and die yourself, just like your whore mother is about to do.” 
How dare she! 
Suddenly my wolf’s power flooded through me in full force, and the pain in my arm abated as I yanked it from underneath Dierdra’s weight. She flailed her arms, trying to re–balance herself, and hit me in the 
face with her open hand. 
Snarling, I caught her hand and flung it away, sending her cartwheeling across the hallway to collide with 
the door to Gideon’s office. 
“You bitch!” Dierdra snarled, then she pushed off the wall and dove at me, claws outstretched, “I’m going to tear your throat out, you worthless slut!” 
With my wolf buzzing beneath my skin, I saw the world through her eyes for the first time. Saw how she understood the vital, physical energies of combat. How she tracked movement, the bunching of muscles, the twitches of my opponents eyes, and offered several tantalizing methods for applying lethal 
force. 
“No!” I gasped at the wolf’s suggestion that I tear Dierdra’s throat out with my teeth. Instead, I side- stepped her oncoming charge and as she went past, I shoved between her shoulderblades, sending her crashing into the floor. 
“We must leave!” I said to my wolf. As much as Dierdra had picked this fight, there was almost no world in which she would be believed to be the aggressor. I needed to get away from her, and find another way to get to Gideon instead. 
I whirled to the staircase just as the door to the Alpha’s office opened. 
Gideon emerged, his eyes narrowed and instantly taking in my movement, poised on my toes to dash for the exit, and Dierdra’s catastrophic collision with the floor as the shove I had given her with my full wolf- strength carried her several feet down the hallway. (2) 
She landed with a bonecrunching thud, and we all froze, 1 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 173
Chapter 173 
Avery’s POV 
Dierdra sprawled across the floor like a rag doll. She wasn’t moving. 
“What have you done?” Gideon snarled, leaping across the space towards his ‘mate‘. 
Had I killed her? She looked so limp and broken where she lay. I couldn’t believe that I could have done such a thing, even with my wolf’s strength? 
What did that make me? A murderer? A feral wolf? I would be executed this very day. 1 
I could easily imagine how things would go from here. Gideon would haul me out to the execution grounds. The pack would gather around. Dierdra’s body would be laid out as proof of my savagery. 
And then I would be killed, and my mother would never know I wasn’t coming to save her. She would perish in a cell, wondering what she had done to deserve such a useless daughter. 
“Hnggg…” Deirdra suddenly inhaled a shuddering breath and my heart resumed beating along with it. I inhaled great gasps of air with relief. 
Gideon too, seemed shaken. He gently helped Dierdra sit up while glaring at me with a look that said I wasn’t off the hook yet. 
“Are you alright?” he said, dipping his head to nuzzle at Dierdra’s hair. I stood frozen, watching this casual affection, this sign that Gideon truly did care more for Dierdra than he did for me. 
“I…” I opened my mouth to explain, but Gideon snarled at me, snapping his teeth, and I froze and was 
silent. (1 
“Oh… Oh no…” Dierdra sobbed. She clung to Gideon and pointed at the ground between her legs. We all zeroed in on where she was pointing. 
At the puddle of blood that was seeping across the floor where Dierdra sat. 
The baby. 
She had told me she was pregnant, and I hadn’t believed her. 
1 rocked back on my heels, guilt washing over me. Had I actually believed Dierdra, I would never have used such force on her. Even with my wolf strong in my mind, and my actions feral and uncalculated, I could never have done anything that would have harmed a pup. 
My mind had been so convinced that she and Gideon weren’t truly together, that he couldn’t have possibly fathered a pup on her… I hadn’t truly considered that it might be true. 
I was the worst sort of wolf now. One who had attacked her pregnant Luna and possibly injured her unborn pup. The crime was monstrous and there was no way Gideon would believe my side of the story if I had harmed his child. 
1/3 
Chapter 173 
+25 Bonus 
Horrified, I clasped one hand over my mouth and my feet turned away of their own volition, trying to carry me away from the scene of the crime. 
“STOP,” Gideon barked, and the Alpha command froze my muscles even as my mind screamed for me to run, run as far away as I could. 
I couldn’t even move as Gideon turned back to Dierdra. 
“We need to get you to the hospital,” he said, lifting her gently, not minding that he smeared blood along his arms as he did so. 
The metallic scent of iron and copper filled my nose, making me nauseous. Had I ever been around this much blood? I didn’t think so. It smelled so strong and almost putrid in its intensity. Perhaps it was my dislike of Dierdra that made it smell so revolting. 
Gideon stopped next to me, Dierdra in his arms, her head tucked beneath his chin. 
“You will come with us,” he commanded, using that Alpha voice again. I had no choice except to follow him down the stairs and out to the car where he loaded Dierdra carefully into the front seat and indicated that I was to climb into the back. 
From inside the car, I saw him gesture to his Beta and give him some commands. No doubt arranging for my subsequent arrest. Miserably I stared out the window as we raced to the hospital, Dierdra occasionally moaning in the front seat. 
I squeezed my eyes shut at the sound of her pain. Normally I wouldn’t have cared, but to know that I had caused this, that I was to blame, it was unbearable. 
What if this whole time I had been in the wrong? What if I was the monster, actually trying to rip Dierdra from her mate, and from her due status? 
My worldview was shook. I tried to find some way to refute my thoughts, to continue to think of Dierdra as the aggressor, but could find none. 
My wolf had almost caused me to go feral. I had been motivated by panic and desperation, driven mad by grief and pain, but that was no excuse for losing control. My actions had brought harm to others, possibly innocents, and I could never forgive myself for that. 
When we arrived at the hospital, Dierdra was immediately wheeled away for examination, and Gideon and I were left in the waiting room together. The next hour was incredibly uncomfortable, as shame and hurt washed over me. 
Gideon remained distant, aloof. He seemed to be locked into a painful world of his own, barely seeming to register when a nurse came to ask if we needed anything, with great deference to him due to his Alpha status. 
As for me, I was mostly ignored. The only time anyone interacted with me directly was when I asked to go to the bathroom and Gideon’s head shot up. 
“You will return here immediately,” he ordered. I had no choice but to duck my head in obedience and 
2/3 
Chapter 173 
+25 Bonus 
once I was done with my business, I slunk back to my seat to continue to wait. 
Finally, the doctor emerged, to summon us back to the room and I could tell from his face that his news 
was serious. 
We entered and saw Dierdra propped up on pillows in the hospital bed. She looked pale, but alert. Her eyes instantly locked on Gideon as he entered, and then darted to me with malevolence. 
“Tell them,” she commanded the doctor. 
“Alpha,” he said with a nod, “Your Luna is bearing a pup.” 
Gideon’s eyes grew wide with wonder and hope. He leaped from his chair and loomed over the doctor, who couldn’t help but cringe slightly under the Alpha’s intense stare. 
“You are certain?” Gideon demanded, “The pup is alright?” 
“So far, yes. She sustained some bruising in the fall, but her womb appears secure. We will want to monitor for a few days to ensure there is no further injury.” 
Gideon clapped the man on the back, and then his eyes fell on me. Suddenly his demeanor changed to rage and fury. 
“You,” he glared at me, “You dared injure my Luna while she bore my child?” 2 
I quivered, my hands shaking at my sides, as the full force of his wrath landed upon me. 
“This is the wolf responsible for her fall?” The doctor asked, “Do you want us to call security to take her away in chains? The Luna said that she was attacked by a wolf that went feral.” 
“Take her away,” Dierdra’s thin voice piped up from the bed, “She is no better than a dog.” 
“Alpha?” the doctor turned to Gideon for confirmation. I raised my head to meet his gaze tearfully. Would he choose to have me taken away like a prisoner for execution? 2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 174
Chapter 174 
Avery’s POV 
“Alpha? What is your decision? I can call security right away.” 
The doctor clearly was siding with Dierdra, turning his back to me frostily and crossing his arms, treating me as though I was beneath his notice. He was as hard and cold as the hospital tiles that ran beneath my feet. 
I wondered, if he really had considered me a threat, would he still have turned his back on me? It seemed like his actions didn’t match his words if he was ready to dismiss me so easily. 
The silence stretched as Gideon considered what he wanted to do. At first I stared at him, my eyes full of emotion, then I stared down at my feet, feeling ashamed and terrified. 
To be dragged away as a feral wolf would be just as deadly as to be subjected to the Culling. No community wanted a wolf that could not control their violence. Such a person would be ostracized, and effectively exiled once they had a reputation for such behavior. 
Unfortunately for me, Gideon seemed to be seriously considering the question. Did he truly believe that I was a dangerous wolf who would have pushed Dierdra in an attempt to hurt her pup? 
He, more than anyone, would know what the effect of bearing the ‘feral‘ label would have on my authority if I was ever restored to Luna. I would be humiliated, and would have no standing to enforce pack law. 
The worst part was that I knew I had screwed up. My panic about my mother had driven me to Gideon’s office, and added an urgency that I should have known Dierdra would exploit. She had a fantastic ability to sense weakness in others and exploit it. 
There was a small, cold part of me that was so tired of being downtrodden, of being used and abused by people like her, that gloried in the harm I had done. That terrified me. 
I hated her, in my heart, but I equally hated myself for wanting to be like her. 
If I was a stronger person, a stronger wolf, then I wouldn’t need to fear the way in which she managed to twist everything and everyone around her. I could just do what I needed to do, the right things I believed 
in. 
Sadly, doing the correct thing had yet to pay off for me. My every kindness had been turned back on me, and those things which I had built that I had thought were good had been stripped away from me. 
Now I stared at Gideon’s tense posture. Shoulders back, fists clenched. Everything about him oozed the threat of violence and repercussions for my actions. 
He had seen Dierdra go flying at my shove. He knew that, on some level at least, I was guilty. 
Would he ever be able to look at me the same way again? 
My entire life rested on the word of this man. He had the ability to break or save me. Which would he 
2 
1/2 
Chapter 174 
+25 Bonus 
choose? 
“Sir?” The doctor repeated. 
“Gideon!” Dierdra said sharply as he continued to hesitate, “Would you really let her get away with harming your mate and pup?” 1 
Her words seemed to shake Gideon back to the present from whatever far–off place his mind had inhabited. Slowly, he turned to stare at me, finally meeting my tear–streaked gaze. 
“No,” he said slowly, as though he, himself, was uncertain about his decision, “Leave her unchained.” 
“What?!” Dierdra raged as relief coursed through me. I felt dizzy and as though the world were spinning 
around me. Had I been holding my breath this whole time? 
Now I gasped for air, as though Gideon’s words had granted me a new lease on life. 
“You coward!” Dierdra raged, struggling against her bedsheets in her attempt to storm at Gideon. 
He held up a hand, and she quieted as he spoke. 
“Avery will not be chained, on one condition,” Wide–eyed, I stared at him, while Dierdra crossed her arms and waited. 
“She must apologize,” Gideon said solemnly. 
“Like I would ever accept her apology?!” Dierdra screeched, “No, this is unacceptable.” 
Gideon whirled in her direction and she instantly quieted down. 
“Do you presume to question the decision of your Alpha?” he asked, pointedly. 
“No…” Dierdra struggled for a way to argue that wouldn’t look directly disobedient. 
‘Here come the waterworks‘, I thought to myself. 
As I predicted, she quickly began to sniffle and wipe at her eyes. 
“I just don’t think the Alpha understands how dangerous being around such a wolf is for our child!” Dierdra wailed, balling up her bedsheets in her fists and slamming them into the mattress. Her hair fell around her shoulders in scraggly tresses and obscured her face as she bowed her head, but I thought I saw a glimpse of her conniving expression staring at me from the shadows. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 175
Chapter 175 
+25 Bonus 
“Avery can’t stand me, and therefore she must hate our unborn child too!” Dierdra continued, reaching out towards Gideon’s arm and clinging desperately to his shirt sleeve, “You must see that if she’s tried to harm me more than once, she would not pause to harm our child as well?” 61 
The accusation stung at me, and righteous indignation bubbled up in my chest. I knew that I was already the lowest of the low in Gideon’s estimation right now, and that I should really keep my mouth shut, but what Dierdra was saying was horrifying. 
Gideon had to know that I would never harm a child! Not his, nor anyone elses! 
“I would nev-,” I started to protest, but Gideon made a threatening step towards me and I snapped my 
mouth shut. 
“I do not want to hear a word you say,” he said, staring down at me coldly. 
Behind his back, Dierdra’s expression grew triumphant, but when he turned back towards her, she reassumed her tragic mien. 
“Gideon, I am your true mate,” she started over again, still trying to convince him to change his mind, “If you will not defend and protect your family, who can we depend on? Think of how this will look to the rest of the pack!” 
“I have heard enough,” Gideon said, his body language still tense, though his voice remained calm, “The pack will accept whatever I say they must accept. I am their Alpha as much as I am yours. That does not change for my mate or my family.” 
Dierdra opened her mouth but shut up when Gideon pointed at me. 
“Avery Nightwolf,” he said, in that voice that made it sound like we were standing in front of the whole pack, not just the three of us and the doctor. His words had the timbre and resonance of a mighty bell, tolling out my fate. 
I raised my eyes in trepidation, trying to quiet the trembling that was intermittently coursing through my body. 
“A feral wolf is a danger to the whole pack,” Gideon frowned at me, his handsome face full of disappointment and anger, “While you did not fully cross that line, you are running along its edge, and you must know that if you fall, I will be waiting. My punishment will be swift, and deadly.” 1 
Looking into those icy eyes, I fully believed him. He was issuing a dire warning, that I needed to be more careful, because the next time he would have zero lenience. He would snap my neck, and feel completely justified for doing so. 
“Is that it?” Dierdra snapped, “She almost kills me and our child and she gets a slap on the wrist?” Her beautiful face once more was splotchy with rage. I wondered how she dared to raise her voice to Gideon in such a state. I could never. 
“She will be punished,” Gideon said gravely, “At the Luna’s discretion,” here he nodded to Dierdra, “She 
1/2 
Chapter 175 
+25 Bonus 
will be given the unwanted chores and tasks that usually fall to the lowest members of our pack.” 
My heart sank. I was grateful not to be executed or exiled, but I had no doubt in my mind that Dierdra would try and use this punishment as a way to make me even weaker. I still was recovering from my wounds, and this would make me fall even further behind in healing. 
Dierdra sniffed, “Very well, you are Alpha and I will follow your words,” she said. I narrowed my eyes at her, she never backed down without a fight. 
“But I have one more requirement,” she said, and I knew what was coming before she even finished her 
sentence. 
“She must wait on me as well, for the duration of my pregnancy.” 
“Are you sure that’s wise?” Gideon asked, “You just said that you do not trust her not to try and hurt you again.” 
“All the more reason to keep her close, my love,” Dierdra glared at me, “I will make sure she regrets the day she tried to lay a hand on either of us.” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 176
Chapter 176 
Avery’s POV 
Dierdra refused to ride in the car with me to return to the pack, so instead, Gideon summoned his Beta 
and a pair of warriors to escort me. 
The whole ride back, they kept glancing at me. I wondered what they felt about me. I had been their Luna, for a short while at least, and now I was effectively being guarded by them. 
Not because I was in danger, though no doubt I was still under threat from the Rogue King, my horrible half sister, and Dierdra who was in on their plots.. 
No, now they were guarding me because I was viewed as someone dangerous. An unknown. A wolf who could not be trusted to control herself. 
I felt like a prisoner as I was dropped off in the village, and that feeling only intensified over the next few days. It appeared that word had gotten out about what had happened in the pack house, and it was hard to ignore the whispers and sidelong glances that were sent my way when I left my apartment. 
Families would cross the street to not get too close to me. They weren’t going to take any chances that the rumors might be true, and that I might lose control and attack their children. Dierdra clearly wasn’t wasting any time in getting out her version of events. 
The fact that I was followed by an ever–present guard was bad enough. It screamed ‘feral wolf‘ to have two warriors following my every step. 
Even more humiliating was that their presence was no impediment to Dierdra’s attempts to humiliate me. She had given the guards the itinerary of the tasks I was to complete each day, and what followed was little more than slavery as they were forced to enact their Luna’s commands and drag me to each degrading chore. 
Early in the morning I was woken up with the sharp rap on my door, and expected to be downstairs before the sun rose. I no longer had any resources as Luna, no money to my name in the pack’s coffers, and my clothes were little more than rags after just a few days of the sort of work Dierdra made me perform. 
My arm was tender and weak, but still I hauled firewood in from the forest, and was expected to make sure that the fire in Gideon’s rooms, where Dierdra spent most of her time, was always cozy and warm against the seasonal chill. 
I spent long hours on my knees, scrubbing the flagstone entrance hall of the pack house, as important figures from the village came and went, no doubt summoned there by Dierdra so that they would have to walk past me while I worked. 
Sometimes their looks were pitying, but the mistrust also lurked in their glances. I was never left alone with anyone, the guards had been told that I was to be escorted in strict isolation, so even the few wolves I considered friends were not allowed to approach me. 
1/2 
Chapter 176 
+25 Bonus 
If Dierdra’s aim had been to make me a pathetic lesson, she succeeded by the third day, when I collapsed in the middle of trying to carry a load of wood up to her room. My arm gave out and the loose pieces of timber fell heavily on my legs and feet, causing me to lose my balance and tumble down to the landing below. 
The noise was deafening, and as I lay on the stairs, groaning and trying to will my limbs to move, I heard the door to Gideon’s room open and saw Dierdra’s form appear at the top of the stairs. 
“Laying down on the job?” she said, snidely, staring down at my prone form surrounded by firewood,” You should be more careful. Someone as clumsy like you could end up hurting someone.” 
She slowly paced down the stairs towards me. She was wearing a long flowing dress that clung to her curves, and she made a point of stroking the fabric across her belly, accentuating the ‘baby bump‘ that had appeared on her body in the last few days. 
I wondered if she was stuffing something in her dress to get that effect. Certainly, I had seen other female wolves progress along their pregnancies, but this seemed awfully soon for her to be showing even a little bit. 
I bit my tongue against the pain and drew myself to my knees shakily. Slowly, I started to gather up the wood that had fallen, while Dierdra watched from the landing above. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 177
Chapter 177 
“You know I’ll work you until you die,” she said, in a low voice that wouldn’t reach the warriors posted as guards, “I’m carrying Gideon’s child, and once I give birth he won’t care at all what happens to you.” 
I did my best to ignore her as I pulled myself to my feet with the help of the railing. I knew she was just here to lord it over me, to flaunt that she had what I did not – Gideon’s good graces and future heir. 
“Oh gross, you’re bleeding all over,” Dierdra sneered, pointing at my bandaged arm that was bleeding once more after my fall, “Gross. Be sure to clean that up once you’re done building my fire.” 
I bit my tongue between my teeth as I struggled up the stairs towards her. For a moment, I thought she might shove me at the top of the stairs. This was exactly the sort of situation I had been afraid of – that without Gideon’s approval and attention, I was at her mercy. 
It was the perfect opportunity for her to stage a convenient ‘accident‘. 
I squeezed my eyes shut, knowing that if she chose to move against me now, my body was in no shape to defend itself. 
To my surprise, she stepped back out of the way when I reached her. It wasn’t until I progressed further down the hall that I saw why. Gideon had appeared at the far end of the hallway and was walking 
towards us. 
“Get in there, you lazy swine,” Dierdra hissed as she passed me, “Build that fire and hold your tongue,” then she raised her head with a brilliant smile and greeted Gideon, “I thought your meeting was to last through lunch? Back so soon?” 
I ducked into the room with my load of firewood, and knelt by the fireplace to replenish the flames. 
“The meeting ended early,” Gideon was saying in the hallway, “Is everything alright up here? I heard a noise. Did you fall?” 
“Oh, no! Thank you for your concern,” Dierdra purred. I couldn’t see her, but I could just imagine her draping herself across Gideon as she responded to his attention, “There was a little mishap with the firewood, but I have Avery picking it up.” 
“Ah,” I turned my head slightly and saw Gideon step into the room. For a moment, I thought he might remark on my torn clothing, or the blood that still dripped down my arm, but the corner where I was crouched was shadowed compared to the brightness of the flames, and my injured arm was on the far side of my body. 
He looked me over once, nodded, and left. 
The sudden vacuum of his presence made my heart sink. He was the one person with the authority to save me from Dierdra’s abuse, and he hadn’t even noticed. 
I rose from my task and limped down the stairs to the kitchen to fetch rags. My own blood was spilled on the steps, and I had to sidestep it gingerly, then return with a bucket to wash it away. 
1/2 
gratefully. 
“Watch out for her,” he said in a low voice, “We have been instructed not to intervene with the Luna’s 
wishes.” 
I nodded miserably. He was kind to give me the warning, but the fact that these warriors could see my daily struggle and were not permitted to help me, save at their own risk, made me feel incredibly alone. 
“Best to keep your distance then,” I said, with my head lowered so that he couldn’t see the tears in my eyes. He nodded, and stepped back. 
For the rest of the day, my mind was fixated on how I might try to escape. I still needed a plan for saving my mother, and I would have to do it on my own, but right now I couldn’t even save myself. 
Staring at the moon at sunset, on the way back to my apartment after hours of back–breaking toil, I suddenly remembered the last person I could possibly turn to. 
That night, in my apartment, I penned a final letter. 
‘Dear Sofia,‘ I wrote to the enchantress who had once given me the resources to learn how to use my healing powers, ‘Please help me. If you cannot do that, then please, help my mother…‘ 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 178
Chapter 178 
Avery’s POV 
“You look more glum than usual.” 
My ears perked up as one of the pack members stepped behind the counter where I knelt, stacking pallets for the grocer who maintained the pack store. 
I knew he wasn’t talking to me. 
No one did. 
But still, I couldn’t help strain to hear the grocer’s response. Now that I was persona non–grata within the pack thanks to Dierdra’s punishment, I found myself yearning to hear news about what was going on. I wasn’t quite listening at keyholes yet, but I did find myself paying close attention to the things that pack members said around me. 
And also, to what they weren’t saying. 
I had fallen far from my former privileged position as Luna. Now I was no one. A downcast wolf who was considered too hazardous to be allowed out into the village without an escort. Where once I had been invited to pack events, now I was specifically excluded. 
No one wanted to be seen socializing with me, even if Dierdra, the current Luna, had allowed it. 
I supposed in a way, it was nice to know that the guards were supposed to prevent others from talking to me. It allowed me to pretend in my head that was the reason no one had tried to approach me in weeks. I Lcould blame their interference, instead of facing the truth. 
That I no longer had allies in Nightwolf pack. That I had been rejected by the Alpha, and that his Luna was out for vengeance and wouldn’t rest until she had secured my permanent eviction or death. 
“Well, these are hard times,” came the grocers response, and I felt a small inner spark of hope. 
Even though I had no direct news about what was happening within the pack, the drudgery I had been assigned by the Luna as punishment for my crime meant that I was often performing manual labor in the civic centers of the village. 
I worked the fields, gathered garbage, cleaned latrines, did maintenance of the boiler rooms and kitchen equipment. My body bore bruises and callouses of all kinds, and my injuries still occasionally re–opened, reminders of the Rogue King’s attack so many weeks ago. 
But being in the places that were the dirtiest, also meant being where the people were, and conversations like this, between a villager and the grocer, gave me the tiniest bit of insight as to what was happening in the pack as a whole. 
“Hard times, I agree,” the villager continued the conversation as the grocer rang up his goods for purchase, “There’s been a bit of confusion down at the loading docks today.” 
1/2 
Chapter 178 
+25 Bonus 
“Confusion? Aye, we’ve seen a bit of that here too. Some confounding document that got sent out and got all my workers in a tizzy trying to figure out what it meant.” 
“Oh, that order from the Luna? Yeah, we couldn’t make heads or tails of it.” 
“Seems like she’s a mite young to know what she’s talking about when it comes to pack business,” the customer complained, “Comes across a bit chaotic, if you ask me.” 
“Well now,” I saw the grocer glance over at me, and then he lowered his voice. Drats! I was hoping to hear more about what it was that Dierdra had sent out. 
It wasn’t the first complaint I had heard about this week, however. It sounded like there were quite a few people unhappy with the way she was meddling in pack business. 
Ostensibly, she should have carried all the might of the Alpha with her orders. In practice, experienced tradesmen like these villagers were known to drag their heels when they received a command that didn’t make sense. Their balking was understandable, they knew their trade and the new Luna did not. 
When I had been Luna, I had tried to have conversations with the people whose lives, and livelihoods, would be effected by my decisions. I knew where the gaps in my knowledge lay, and would often defer to veterans when I encountered something I didn’t understand. More than that, I was willing to sit down with them, or shadow them in their day–jobs, to try and better understand the struggles they faced. 
It was hard to imagine Dierdra doing the same. She saw anyone questioning her decisions as an attack on her authority, and she chose to put down those queries quite negatively. Her inability to handle criticism, or to approach her knowledge gaps with the willingness to learn, meant that there was now a quiet backlash that was rippling through the community. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 179
Chapter 179 
+25 Bonus 
These people would never question the Luna’s commands in a public forum, but they would air their doubts privately to neighbors or friends. Gossip spread quickly in a tight–knit pack, and their silent glances and whispered judgements were palpable if you knew what to look for. 
The grocer had completed ringing up his customer, and I had returned my focus to my work, when a pair of boots stopped at the edge of my field of vision. 
“Looks like hard work,” the man said, glancing down at me with his eyes, while keeping his face turned away from my guards. His voice was low, so as to not attract their attention. 
I didn’t say anything in return. I was forbidden to speak, but I was curious as to what this man had to say, so I turned my body towards him slightly to indicate that I was listening. 
“See someone work that hard, day and night, and you start to wonder if the people ordering them about could do even half what you do,” he continued casually, rubbing an eyebrow and pretending to browse a nearby display. 
Did I dare respond? Perhaps this was someone who Dierdra had sent as a test. I couldn’t risk it. 
Suddenly, a piece of fruit appeared on the pallet I was working on, and I stared at it in surprise. The man had placed it there so quickly I hadn’t even seen him move. 
“You’re skinny as a rail. Only a cruel person would put you through this, and injured besides. Take that, and don’t be surprised if a few others try to do the same.” 
I pocketed the fruit quickly, trying to make sure the guards couldn’t see the furtive motion, and glanced up at the friendly villager. 
“Thank you,” I said, my voice creaky from disuse. 
“The problem with making people do this sort of labor is, at first it’s meant as humiliation, but it also makes you stronger. After seeing you out every day, knowing how hard you work, folks are bound to notice that what they’re seeing, and what they’re being told, isn’t lining up,” The man’s eyes sparkled down at me, as he pretended to be searching in his bag for his receipt. 
“Folks might say, ‘Watch out for that feral wolf!‘, but I gotta wonder if anyone wouldn’t go feral being treated like this,” he murmured, “You’ve got more friends than you might think, Luna.” 
Tears sprung to my eyes at his kind words. To know that my punishment hadn’t gone unnoticed, that there were people who saw what I was going through… It allowed me to feel like a real person again. 
“Now, now,” the man said gruffly, holding out his handkerchief behind the shelf, “just passing along a bit of sympathy is all. Hate to see a pretty young thing like you treated this way. You helped me and mine a few months back, though I doubt you remember.” 
I squinted up at him through my watery tears. Had I helped him before? 
“You opened up that community garden last spring,” the man said, in response to my querying look, “that 
1/2 
so much better since, and it was all thanks to your gardening and healing.” 
what my wife needed to get over her coughing 
Oh! I hadn’t met him directly, but I remembered when his wife had come to ask if I had anything that might help her get over a lingering sickness. The doctors had prescribed medicine that made her nauseous, and I had used the herbalism books I had gotten from Sofia to brew up a soothing syrup that would reduce her coughs and be gentle on her stomach. 
“Thank you, sir,” I whispered, touched that he remembered me at all. 
Across the store, my guards must have realized that he had been lingering too close to where I was working for too long, and began to move in our direction. 
“One good turn deserves another,” the man said, turning in the direction of the door as though we hadn’t been talking, “Leave your door unlocked tomorrow, and my wife will drop off a homecooked meal. Feels like the least we could do for the Luna who made our lives better. 
And then he was gone, with a final sympathetic look as he pushed open the door. 
I stared after him, touched by his sympathy. 
Perhaps I could survive this after all… 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 180
Chapter 180 
Dierdra’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
I stared at my reflection in the full length mirror and frowned. Was this too much bump? Not enough? 
I pulled the soft, swishy fabric of my dress against my body and squinted at myself critically. The issue was, I had never been pregnant. I hadn’t spent much time around anyone who was. 
Now I was trying to imitate the early stages of pregnancy, and I wasn’t exactly sure what I was doing. This was all the Rogue King’s idea, of course, and so far it had been working. I had managed to get Avery out of the pack house, and thanks to her own stupid folly, she was performing back–breaking labor under my supervision every day. 
I smirked at myself in the mirror’s silvered surface. Watching Avery covered in dirt and filth was the highlight of my day. The last time I saw her, she had looked exhausted, face screwed up in pain as she favored that arm she’d almost lost. 
She was in way over her head, and I couldn’t wait for Gideon to pull the plug on their marriage and divorce her already. 
However, in the meantime, I too felt out of my depth. The duties of Luna were so damn boring. Why couldn’t I spend my time just shopping instead? 
I picked up a tight sheath dress from the bed and pulled it on, being careful to make sure the soft silicone bump I’d pasted against my skin didn’t shift as I changed. The material made me sweat. 
Faking pregnancy had to be almost as hard as actually being pregnant. 
Satisfied that I looked the part of the pregnant Luna, I pulled on my heels and marched down the stairs to the kitchen where I prepared a tray of tea to take up to Gideon’s office. 
The man didn’t realize it yet, but he had started to crave tea at the same time each morning, because ! always brought it. My goal was to get him so accustomed to the small things I did, that he would find himself disgruntled when I wasn’t around, and wouldn’t even realize why. 
I made a point of never entering his office without some gift or treat for him. Now I carefully balanced the tray on my hand and climbed the stairs to his office. As approached the door, I paused. 
There were voices coming from inside, and they sounded unhappy. I stepped closer and shamelessly pressed my ear to the wood. 
“Alpha, I must ask, when will the former Luna, Avery, be reinstated? The villagers have some concerns about recent bulletins we have received…” 
I snarled at the voice. It must be one of those stupid villagers. I had sent them very clear instructions about my updates to pack policy, and yet they had endless questions and complaints. It wasn’t hard! Just do what I said! 
1/2 
Chapter 180 
+25 Bonus 
“Luna Avery is still performing penance,” I heard Gideon rumble, “Is there a specific concern I can help you with? You are, of course, also welcome to meet with Luna Dierdra who is filling in for now.” 
“Ah, yes, Alpha. That is part of where our concerns lie… Not that we would presume to question your judgment, but Luna Dierdra seems very young, and some of the village women seem to think that she’s pressing Luna Avery too hard…” 
I had heard enough, and I rapped on the door, then breezed into the room carrying my tray of tea and fixing a glare on the tall man standing next to Gideon’s desk. The villager jumped at my entrance, and I felt pleasure at having caused him to feel anxious by arriving while he was complaining about me. The impudence! 
I placed my tray on Gideon’s desk and gracefully poured him a cup, being sure to press my slight bump against his arm as I did so. 
“Good morning, Alpha,” I murmured seductively, and leaned down to press a kiss to his temple, while glaring at the villager, “Anything I can help with?” I made sure to note his features so that I could find out his name later. 
He would be sorry he crossed me… 
Gideon smiled tightly up at me, “No, thank you. I believe we were just wrapping up.” 
The man bowed to Gideon over his tightly clenched hat, and then departed the room in a hurry. 
“What was that about?” I tried to keep my voice neutral. 
Gideon seemed to hesitate before answering, and I bit the inside of my cheek to keep my annoyance 
from showing. 
“He had some questions about former Luna Avery.” 
“Of course he did!” I smiled, “Don’t we all? For example, when are you going to divorce her?” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 181
Chapter 181 
Gideon frowned at me, “That is not the plan. When Avery is finished with her community service, she will be reinstated.” 
I ground my teeth in a smile that was more of a grimace. Why must he persist with this idea that bringing Avery back was ever going to happen? I would be sure to give Avery even more labor to do today. 
Perhaps if he saw that she was unable to perform even simple work, she was certainly not suited to be 
Luna once more. 
His refusal to permanently remove her, from hierarchy or his marriage, troubled me. Every time he talked like this, it made my anxiety spike. What more did I need to do to secure my position here? 
I ran my fingers along the new curves of my body and watched his expression soften. He was still a man, like any other man, and once I was able to bear him a child he would forget all about Avery. 
I gave him a sweet smile as I gathered up the dishes. Meanwhile, my mind was racing. I needed to find a way to break the deadlock and become the true Luna of Nightwolf pack forever. 
“One more thing before you go,” Gideon placed a hand on my wrist and I froze, “There have been some complaints… A few villagers have expressed concern about Avery’s treatment.” 
I snorted, “Avery is being treated far better than she deserves for someone who endangered the life of our child. You should care about that more than what the villagers think!” 
Gideon’s mouth pressed into a line and I hurried to follow up my hasty words with, “You are, of course, welcome to check on former Luna Avery and see for 
yourself, but perhaps these villagers only express concern because she is complaining to them. The chores she has been given are so simple a child could do them.” 
Gideon nodded at my response, “I am sure it is as you say, thank you for looking into it.” 
I hadn’t said I’d do any such thing, but I would certainly look into how to make sure Avery couldn’t stir up more trouble in the village while she worked. I already knew from her guards that she wasn’t talking to anyone, but maybe she was communicating in some other way… She was conniving. 
I left Gideon’s office and paused to restrategize. Fortunately for me, at that moment Gideon’s parents, the former Luna and Alpha entered the pack house and I hurried down to the foyer to intercept them. 
They greeted me with generous smiles. Unlike their son, they had no issues with fully committing to me once my pregnancy was announced. 
“How are you holding up dear?” Gideon’s mother asked with a beaming smile, “How is my grandchild doing?” 
“Oh! We’re doing quite well, although…” I let my voice trail off in worry. 
“What is it child?” Gideon’s father encouraged. 
1/2 
Chapter 181 
+25 Bonus 
“Call it a mother’s intuition, but I can’t help but worry that former Luna Avery might try to harm this child, to regain her status as Luna.” 
“Oh surely not!” Gideon’s mother exclaimed, and I hurried to follow up my statement. 
“It’s just that, under werewolf law, only the Luna’s child has the right to inherit the pack titles and assets,” I bit my lip, “but Avery doesn’t believe in tradition. She holds beliefs that are sympathetic to rogues, and I worry she might try and change the law if she’s allowed to be reinstated as Luna.” 
“But, my dear, weren’t you a rogue yourself?” Gideon’s sister asked. 
I suppressed my glare, and instead dropped my eyes to the floor, “It’s true that I was rescued from the Rogue King, but my status was due to my original pack being destroyed…” I faked a sob, “Alpha Gideon rescued me and I owe him my loyalty.” 
“Quite right,” Gideon’s father was quick to side with me. He was such a softy for vulnerable–looking women, I had discovered, “Never fear, child, we will make sure that Gideon sees sense in this. The child is all that matters for his legacy now.” 
I murmured my thanks, and dipped in farewell. 
That had gone well, I congratulated myself as I stared out the windows of the pack house. 
Still, something was bothering me. With the amount of work I was giving her, I had expected Avery to collapse weeks ago. How had she held out for so long? 
Was it possible she was getting stronger? 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 182
Chapter 182 
Gideon’s POV 
What had started out as a casual walk through the village had already gone off the rails. It seemed as though the villager who had come to my office this morning was not the only person with opinions they wished the Alpha to hear. 
Several times during my rounds, I had been stopped by villagers with complaints. I listened to their concerns, while growing more concerned myself. 
If I was to believe what the villagers were telling me, Dierdra was a weak and fractious Luna who was interfering with their ability to efficiently contribute to the well–being of the pack. 
Their words did concern me. There were always voices of disgruntlement, and while these townsfolk were normally rather placid and easy–going, they took great pride in their work and anything that disrupted that could send them into an uproar. 
“Alpha, can you interpret this policy for me?” One had asked, shoving a flyer in my face that Dierdra had apparently sent, clarifying how their tithes into the pack coffers were to be delivered. 
“You’ll have to ask the Luna,” I had said, encouraging them to make an appointment with Dierdra to express their concerns and questions. Still, they had questions. 
“Why is the Luna changing these procedures we have followed for years? Luna Avery never did that.” 
“The Luna was in my shop yesterday buying new clothes, but then she told me that the pack was running 
seem a bit contradictory?” low on funds and to be sure to work hard? Doesn’t th 
“When will Luna Avery return?” 
I tried to be sympathetic, and offered some apologies, telling the villagers that I would talk to Dierdra about her interference. She was new to the position and still finding her footing. I encouraged them to take their complaints to her directly, so she could have a dialogue with them about how best to address their issues. 
But it seemed the villagers didn’t want to talk to Dierdra directly. I caught their sideways glances at my suggestions, and their hemming and hawing when I asked if there was a problem. 
“Well, you see Alpha, she just seems very… busy…” they would trail off, and decline to elaborate further. 
And consistently, they would all ask me about Avery. 
I didn’t have a response to give them, so I tried to dodge their questions about my wife and former Luna. The issue was that I, myself, still felt very conflicted on the topic. If I hadn’t seen it for myself, I wouldn’t have thought that Avery could ever attack someone. Especially not Dierdra, who was pregnant. 
But I had seen it happen with my own eyes, and had been trying to revise my image of Avery in my head 
ever since. 
1/2 
Chapter 182 
+25 Bonus 
Conversely, I found it all too easy to imagine Dierdra attacking someone. That girl had a temper that could flare at the slightest provocation, especially lately. She saw everything as an attack, and I tried not to upset her unduly, lest it effect our child. 
I marveled that the two women, Avery and Dierdra, could be so different. They were the same age, and both had come to the pack with no prior leadership experience. Avery had thrown herself into the work eagerly, and until recently had excelled at it. 
Dierdra, on the other hand, had more to learn. Her fiery spirit was her burden and her redeeming quality. She was quick to fight, but also generous with her affection when earned. Being with her was never boring. 
Besides, Dierdra bore my mark, and she carried my child. Even if she was less suited for the role of Luna, those two facts alone had secured her a place by my side. 
These thoughts rolled around in my mind as I strode down the main road in the village. There was a worker hauling bricks to repair a broken wall, and as I drew closer I was surprised to see that the , raggedy figure was actually Avery. 
She looked changed, thinner, and her arm was still suspended in a sling, but she handled the heavy bricks easily, and moved deftly and quickly as she worked. 
Doubt tugged at me. Was it possible the rumors circulating in the village were true? That Dierdra was being too harsh to the former Luna, giving her the dirtiest and hardest tasks? 
Concern surged through me as I watched Avery struggle to lift a stack of bricks one–handed. Were those dark circles under her eyes, or was that just dirt? For a moment, I almost stepped forward to help as Avery heaved against the weight, and then just as I was about to intervene, she accomplished it and threw her head back, appearing to smile at the sky. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 183
Chapter 182 
Gideon’s POV 
What had started out as a casual walk through the village had already gone off the rails. It seemed as though the villager who had come to my office this morning was not the only person with opinions they wished the Alpha to hear. 
Several times during my rounds, I had been stopped by villagers with complaints. I listened to their concerns, while growing more concerned myself. 
If I was to believe what the villagers were telling me, Dierdra was a weak and fractious Luna who was interfering with their ability to efficiently contribute to the well–being of the pack. 
Their words did concern me. There were always voices of disgruntlement, and while these townsfolk were normally rather placid and easy–going, they took great pride in their work and anything that disrupted that could send them into an uproar. 
“Alpha, can you interpret this policy for me?” One had asked, shoving a flyer in my face that Dierdra had apparently sent, clarifying how their tithes into the pack coffers were to be delivered. 
“You’ll have to ask the Luna,” I had said, encouraging them to make an appointment with Dierdra to express their concerns and questions. Still, they had questions. 
“Why is the Luna changing these procedures we have followed for years? Luna Avery never did that.” 
“The Luna was in my shop yesterday buying new clothes, but then she told me that the pack was running 
seem a bit contradictory?” low on funds and to be sure to work hard? Doesn’t th 
“When will Luna Avery return?” 
I tried to be sympathetic, and offered some apologies, telling the villagers that I would talk to Dierdra about her interference. She was new to the position and still finding her footing. I encouraged them to take their complaints to her directly, so she could have a dialogue with them about how best to address their issues. 
But it seemed the villagers didn’t want to talk to Dierdra directly. I caught their sideways glances at my suggestions, and their hemming and hawing when I asked if there was a problem. 
“Well, you see Alpha, she just seems very… busy…” they would trail off, and decline to elaborate further. 
And consistently, they would all ask me about Avery. 
I didn’t have a response to give them, so I tried to dodge their questions about my wife and former Luna. The issue was that I, myself, still felt very conflicted on the topic. If I hadn’t seen it for myself, I wouldn’t have thought that Avery could ever attack someone. Especially not Dierdra, who was pregnant. 
But I had seen it happen with my own eyes, and had been trying to revise my image of Avery in my head 
ever since. 
1/2 
Chapter 182 
+25 Bonus 
Conversely, I found it all too easy to imagine Dierdra attacking someone. That girl had a temper that could flare at the slightest provocation, especially lately. She saw everything as an attack, and I tried not to upset her unduly, lest it effect our child. 
I marveled that the two women, Avery and Dierdra, could be so different. They were the same age, and both had come to the pack with no prior leadership experience. Avery had thrown herself into the work eagerly, and until recently had excelled at it. 
Dierdra, on the other hand, had more to learn. Her fiery spirit was her burden and her redeeming quality. She was quick to fight, but also generous with her affection when earned. Being with her was never boring. 
Besides, Dierdra bore my mark, and she carried my child. Even if she was less suited for the role of Luna, those two facts alone had secured her a place by my side. 
These thoughts rolled around in my mind as I strode down the main road in the village. There was a worker hauling bricks to repair a broken wall, and as I drew closer I was surprised to see that the , raggedy figure was actually Avery. 
She looked changed, thinner, and her arm was still suspended in a sling, but she handled the heavy bricks easily, and moved deftly and quickly as she worked. 
Doubt tugged at me. Was it possible the rumors circulating in the village were true? That Dierdra was being too harsh to the former Luna, giving her the dirtiest and hardest tasks? 
Concern surged through me as I watched Avery struggle to lift a stack of bricks one–handed. Were those dark circles under her eyes, or was that just dirt? For a moment, I almost stepped forward to help as Avery heaved against the weight, and then just as I was about to intervene, she accomplished it and threw her head back, appearing to smile at the sky. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 184
Chapter 184 
Avery’s POV 
The sun was setting on another day of hard work. I stretched wearily, feeling my shirt draw tight over chafed skin. My shoulders and back ached from bending low over my tasks. I walked over to my water bottle and chugged it, grateful for the cool water. 
I was eager to collapse into my bed. To go unconscious for a few hours, and then repeat it all the next day. These endless days had stretched into endless weeks, and I had found the pattern of survival. Eat, sleep, work, repeat. 
It was mindless, endless punishment. Was this how my mother had felt, most of her life, I wondered? She, too, had been relegated to the rank of omega slave, and had worked her entire life for the dubious honor of remaining in the pack where her daughter lived. 
Was I merely walking in her footsteps? 
I grimaced at the sky, the edges of my mouth curling back as I tried to will the fatigue to leave my body. 
“It’s good to see you smiling,” came a familiar voice from behind me. I turned, stiffly, to see Gideon watching me from the path a few feet away. 
It hadn’t been a smile, it had been a rictus of pain, but he was far and had misread my expression. No doubt, we had become little more than strangers to each other. It had been weeks since we had last 
talked. 
“Alpha,” 1 licked my dry lips, nodded. It was all he would get from me for now. 
We eyed each other warily. I wondered what bad news he had come to deliver this time? Perhaps we were finally getting divorced? Or maybe I would be exiled. 
Truly, anything was better than these endless days of toil. 
Though, as I rolled my stiff shoulders, I noted that I was getting stronger. I could once more feel the comforting presence of my wolf lurking in the back of my mind. I took her presence as a positive sign that I was finally starting to recover. 
For a while I had been terrified that not only was my body irrevocably broken, but also that my wolf had retreated far within me, never to re–emerge. She had told me to get stronger, and instead I had been grievously injured. 
Gideon continued to stare, observing me as I gathered up my jacket and water, the remains of my lunch pail. When I went to walk down the path towards my apartment, and a welcome shower, he shook his head. 
“Come to the pack house, I have something to discuss.” 
I stared longingly towards my home in the village. I didn’t want to head up the hill to the pack house. My legs were tired, and I didn’t have any interest in seeing her, Dierdra. She was a vengeful wraith that 
1/2 
Chapter 194 
+25 Bonus 
haunted that house. 
Nonetheless, I obediently trailed Gideon up the hill, into the pack house, up the stairs, and into his office. Once inside, I hovered awkwardly. 
I was sweaty and covered in dirt. If I sat, I would stain the chair in Gideon’s office. He didn’t seem to note 
discomfort, however, and sat in his chair on the other side of the desk. 
my 
“I am preparing to attend the Alpha Council,” he said, running a hand through his hair. I noticed he had started wearing it longer, and wondered if that was Dierdra’s preference. 
“The same Alpha Council as the ball we attended?” I wondered. Gideon nodded. 
“This is more of a governance meeting instead of a social function, but yes. It is expected that all the major pack Alphas and Lunas attend.” 
“I see,” I said. I didn’t. Why was he telling me this? 
“As Luna, you are required to accompany me,” Gideon said finally. He didn’t look happy about it. 
“I thought Dierdra-…” I wondered out loud. I wasn’t Luna anymore. 
“She… cannot attend,” Gideon declined to elaborate further. 
“Because of her pregnancy?” I asked. Gideon just stared at me, his mouth pressed into a flat line. 
“Something like that,” he conceded finally, with a nod. “We will leave tomorrow. Pack what you need and meet here at the pack house at 9 a.m.” 
I stared at him, wide–eyed. I was to go with him back to that sweeping estate where the Alphas and Lunas played their complex social games with each other. The last time I had been thrown in their midst, it had been overwhelming. I didn’t particularly want to go back. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 185
Chapter 185 
“I don’t…” I trailed off, and looked down at myself in consternation. Was this another ploy to humiliate me? Drag the bedraggled and downtrodden Luna to a new series of hoops and make her jump through them while everyone laughed? 
“No thanks,” I said softly. 
“I wasn’t asking,” Gideon said in a hard voice. He had flinched at my refusal, as though it were a rejection of him, personally. “This is an order, not a request.” 
“I am no longer suitable,” I protested as the door behind me opened quickly and Dierdra swept into the room, looking noticeably pregnant. 
“Oh, it’s you,” she looked me up and down with open amusement, “Just come in from the fields, have we?” 
She turned to look at Gideon expectantly, clearly looking for an explanation as to why I was in his office. 
“Avery will attend the Alpha Council with me,” Gideon informed her. Guessing from the look of shock on Dierdra’s face, this was also news to her. 
“The hell she is!” Dierdra voiced my inner monologue adequately, “Look at her! She’s disgusting. There’s no way she can represent our pack at that sort of high–profile event!” She threw herself around the desk and fell to her knees next to Gideon’s chair, “Take me instead!” 
“Avery is the true Luna of this pack,” Gideon was implacable as Dierdra pleaded, “From this day onward, her punishment period is to be considered fulfilled.” 
Fulfilled! I was free! That was the best news I had heard in a long time, and I was surprised at the sudden lightness I felt within me at realizing I no longer had to perform the back–breaking work I had been doing. 
“Oh surely she should still be working off her debts!” Dierdra frowned with displeasure, “Gideon this is 
too soon.” 
I wanted to whirl on her and yank on those pretty curls. She should try doing weeks of hard work and see how she felt about it then! 
“I believe that Avery has worked hard enough,” Gideon said flatly, “By all accounts she has near worked herself to death, when she should have been resting that arm. I thought I instructed you to ensure she 
healed?” 
“Oh. Well…” Dierdra’s gaze slid to the side, “She looks plenty strong to me! Obviously she handled it just 
fine.” 
I shot daggers at her with my eyes. She pointedly ignored me. 
“Really, Gideon, this is unfair!” Dierdra cried out, “If you must take her, take us both! Like last time!” 
I never wanted to encounter something like last time again. There was no way I was going there with 
1/2 
Chapter 185 
+25 Bonus 
Dierdra. That would be like crawling into a sleeping bag with a viper. 
“No,” I was relieved to hear Gideon shut that idea down, “You need to rest because of the pregnancy.” Dierdra sighed, and I could see that she wanted to protest further but he had backed her into a corner, logically. 
“She can’t go looking like that,” she settled for saying, wrinkling her nose at me. 
“You’re right,” Gideon agreed, as I blushed bright red with shame. It wasn’t like I’d chosen to wear these rags! 
“So, you will furnish Avery with the wardrobe pieces she needs.” 
“What?!” Dierdra shrieked. 
“She is to represent our pack,” Gideon said solemnly, “So we must give her everything she needs.” 
Dierdra sulked. 
“Thank you,” I said, finally breaking the silence I’d held since she entered, “But I refuse to go.” 
“What?” Gideon said in a tone that made my blood run cold. 
“What?” Dierdra echoed, but with more delight. 
“I said,” I swallowed, “I refuse.” 
Gideon rose from his seat and stalked towards me. Dierdra retreated to the wall to watch with glee. 
“Would you still refuse,” Gideon asked cruelly, “If it was Ryan or lan who requested this of you? Or perhaps your beloved Reynaud? Or…” his eyes flashed, “the mystery lover you took into your bed at the Alpha Ball?” 2 
I glared at him. He knew fully well that my answer would not change for any of those individuals, and as for the last… How dare he taunt me when he knew full well it was his own self that had emerged from my room the morning after… 
Offended, I drew myself up to my full height and looked him dead in his eyes, “I have no interest in any wolf in that way. Especially not cowards who run from those they claim to care for!” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 186
Chapter 186 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon flinched at my words, as though he understood that I was saying that he was one of those worthless wolves who didn’t hold to their commitments. 
Truthfully, I was. He expected too much, but I was never allowed to expect anything back. I had given up my entire life for him, but he only saw it as necessary sacrifices for the pack. He had lost the line between his public and personal life so long ago that he no longer understood what it meant when something crossed it. 
Our eyes locked on each other, and the rest of the room faded away. Distantly, I could hear Dierdra babbling about something, no doubt whining about how this was all horribly to her, the intruder, the interloper, the cuckoo pushing the true Luna out of her nest. 
If all those hours of hard labor had taught me one thing, it was that I did know how to work hard. Certainly, I had done so for my original pack. Once my wolf had failed to manifest, I had been given more noxious tasks; cooking for the family, and mending clothes. 
But Silvermoon had been less economically advantaged to begin with. If I was working hard, well, it felt like everyone else was as well. That this was just something that everyone did. 
And I had been dealing with my own shame and guilt for not having a wolf. I had thought it was a personal failing, and wanted so badly to please others that I threw myself into everything with sickening enthusiasm. 
Here, the punishment truly felt like a punishment because I knew how badly I was needed elsewhere. I might not have been the best Luna in the history of the Wolven Territories, in point of fact, I had only been Luna for a number of weeks before I was removed… 
But I had learned to care, and some small measure of skill for my tasks, and what I didn’t know, I made up for in learning. I was determined to do right by this pack, and for my good name. I had learned pride in my accomplishments, and it was more addictive than any other drug could have been. 
So, to have finally started to grasp success, and then have it wrenched away thanks to the meddlesome machinations of someone like Dierdra, who only had her own self–interest at heart… well, it stung. 
And how could I effectively fight against someone like that? All of my energy went towards being a good Luna, and all of hers went to her own glory. I had no energy or allies left to defend myself… 
Which was why losing Gideon hurt so much. I looked into his steely gaze, remembering the evening we had stood under the wedding arch and sworn our oaths to each other. We were supposed to be stronger together, but it felt like I was just expected to be the silent partner. 1 
He may have been protector and Alpha for his pack, for Dierdra, but he extended none of the same courtesy to me. I was on my own, the way I had always been. He would come to my bed, but not to my defense. 
1/2 
Chapter 186 
+25 Bonus 
So, now I was to be snatched up from my fields and ditches, from the outdoor tasks that had at least given me light and fresh air, and sent to be a dutiful wife and Luna for Nightwolf on his say–so. No apology, no words of encouragement. Nothing that indicated that I was anything more than a useful tool for him to throw at a problem when he needed it. 
Meanwhile, in the weeks I had been serving my punishment, my mother had been languishing in some dungeon under the Rogue King’s control. I didn’t even know if she was still alive. Every day I crawled, exhausted, into my bed and yet sleep eluded me because I couldn’t know if in that same darkness, my mother was in pain, or worse. 1 
Gideon held all the cards and all the methods of rescue. He controlled hundreds of adept, terrifying warriors, and yet he would not spend them to save his mother–in–law, and I hated him for it. 
So, “I refuse,” I repeated, enjoying the way his eyes blinked when I said it, as though he was flinching from the impact of my words, “I would rather you just forget about me. Take Dierdra instead.” 
Perhaps if he took her, I would have an opportunity to escape and try to free my mother myself. There would be no one here to stop me with my suffering as their sole goal and source of entertainment, the way Dierdra had made tormenting me her primary hobby. 
I was already imagining how I would do it. Pack my bags the minute their car disappeared down the road. Wait until nightfall, then take one of the pack cars and drive, drive towards the rogue territories, and then, when I got close, find some way to disguise myself and make it into the rogue camp… 
Ok, so the actual specifics were a bit murky, but the first step would be to get out of here, and to do that, it would be easiest if both Gideon and Dierdra went to this Alpha Council whatever–it–was. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 187
Chapter 187 
“Gideon!” Dierdra protested, “Don’t you see what the ungrateful creature is doing?” 
Oh what now? I had agreed with her that Gideon should take her instead of me, so why was Dierdra still 
unhappy? 
Both Gideon and I swung to face his ‘mate‘ with incredulous looks on our faces. 
“Go on, then,” I said, drily, “Tell me what I am doing.” 
Dierdra glared at me, “You want me to over exert myself because you want to hurt my baby!” 
I noticed that she didn’t say ‘our‘ baby. Was that because she already saw her child as simply a tool to be used for her own advantage? How subtle a slip… 
To my surprise, Gideon took the reins of the situation in a way he rarely did when Dierdra was in full storm. He gently stepped to her, took her arm, and escorted her to the door. 
“Which is why I will keep you here, where it’s safe and where you will be less stressed,” he said gently, “I don’t want you to worry about this at all,” he said solicitously. Dierdra frowned as he pushed her out, and the look she shot me through the crack as the door shut was full venom. 
When his office was closed, Gideon turned the lock on the knob and turned back towards me, and suddenly his face was full of feeling. 
“If you expect me to thank you for this trip, then you should know that I still have no intention of coming with you,” I lifted my head defiantly as he moved towards me. 
“Perhaps you would like to hear my terms first,” Gideon growled and my protests died in my throat. Why yes, yes I would. 
I didn’t stop glaring at him, but I did shut my mouth as he crossed to his desk and pulled out a piece of parchment. I stared at it curiously and saw that it was a map of the greater Wolven Territories, encompassing all of Nightwolf, Silvermoon, and their neighbors to the North and West. 
There were red marks all over the map, along with tiny penciled columns of numbers and what looked like percentages next to them. 
“What…what is this?” I asked, curious. I ran my fingers over the maps. Here, there was a large red circle with the number 50 beneath it and the notation, “65, 10, 70%” 
“Numbers of rogue warriors at various checkpoints and garrisons,” Gideon murmured as he smoothed out the map for my perusal. 
“And the percentages?” 
“The percentage of the area we had personally scouted, the odds that it held prisoners like your mother, and the likelihood of success if we attacked,” Gideon supplied helpfully. 
1/2 
Chapter 187 
+25 Bonus 
Oh wow, so they really hadn’t been wasting time while I had been occupied elsewhere. I had just assumed that Gideon had forgotten all about it, especially with my social downfall. Out of sight, out of mind and all that. 
But, as I gazed at the map covered in red marks, I realized that I had been mistaken. He hadn‘ forgotten, and he hadn’t given up. 
I jerked my head up to stare at him in amazement. 
“I thought you had given up,” I said in a broken voice. 
Gideon’s gaze slid away from mine, “Don’t read anything into it,” he frowned at the map in disgust, “We were able to locate the probably location of the dungeon where your mother is held, but there is a greater complication.” 
I already could surmise what he was going to say. I could see the numbers that filled this map as well as he could. 
“He has so many warriors,” I breathed, feeling my spirits sink once more. 
Gideon nodded, “These numbers are huge. I don’t know how he is able to field so many, but every week it seems as though more and more wolves are joining his cause. Rescue is still impossible but,” he trailed off as he rolled up the map once more. 
I turned to stare at him, barely daring to hope. 
“I think I can at least arrange a meeting between you and your mother. We don’t have enough warriors in place to attack yet, but, I can at least smuggle in a scout who might be able to take a message, and…” he stared into my face, “if circumstances align, maybe even sneak you in to see her.” 1 
“Gideon, I-…,” I started to say, then he raised his hand and his face took on a cold, closed off expression 
once more. 
“My conditions are this: You must attend the Alpha Council as the perfect Luna,” he snarled, “and if you do not, then there will be punishments for your failure.” 
I glared at him as he forced my hand. I had no choice, and he knew it. He was dangling the bait that I would do literally anything for. 
“Fine,” I ground out between clenched teeth and clenched fists, “I agree.” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 188
Chapter 188 
Avery’s POV 
That evening Gideon’s sister took me shopping for a gown suitable for the final night of the Alpha Council. Apparently those upper echelons of Wolven society loved their social occasions, and I couldn’t disgrace Nightwolf Pack by appearing under–dressed. 
I had showered and grabbed a change of clothes from the pile Dierdra had begrudgingly piled up on the bed in my old room in the pack house. It felt strange to be pulling on these stiff, new garments after so many weeks of wearing the same soft work clothes that had been washed a hundred times. 
These new clothes felt brand–new. Some still bore the tags of expensive brand names that Dierdra had bought in one of her many shopping trips. If she spent half as much time working on being the Luna this pack needed as she did trying to make herself look good, Gideon probably would have divorced me long ago, I mused. 
I wondered if she realized how much more she could accomplish if she just had diligently tried to be a better person. Then I surmised that only good people bothered to think about changing their behavior. Dierdra would never be the sort of person to become mired in self reflection. She was too busy trying to force the world to worship her. 
I wondered what it said about me that I did wonder about these things. Was I a better person? Or was I just weaker? 
Camila, Gideon’s sister, was in charge of this shopping trip. She was normally a fairly friendly person, but she had been cold towards me so far. The atmosphere in the pack car was frosty as we sped through the night to a larger shopping center to the south, closer to the human territories. 
Human settlements, like the one we were heading to, were on the fringes of civilization, while the wolves preferred to dwell embedded in the wilderness. They had greater access to infrastructure like electrical grids, and larger populations that gave them economic and trading advantages, but they paid hefty tithes to the wolf packs regardless, fearing attack from their northern neighbors who they viewed as savage 
barbarians. 
I wondered what these humans thought wolves really were like? They didn’t seem to bat an eye as Camila and I emerged from the pack car in front of a posh–looking boutique. Did they think we all wore hides and pelts and growled every word? 
I mean, Gideon did tend to growl his words, but that was because he was an arrogant prick of an Alpha. No one seemed to notice the two werewolves slipping through the parking lot and up to the doors of the cheerfully pink and white striped shop. 
“Right this way,” Camila said sharply, as I craned my neck to look up at the winding staircase through several floors of brightly colored bolts of fabric stacked in massive shelves that extended upwards opposite tall, glossy floor–to–ceiling windows. 
Gideon’s sister seemed annoyed that this task of refitting me fell to her. From her comments, I gathered that his family had been pushing for Gideon to divorce me, and they were miffed that I was being re- 
1/2 
Chapter 188 
+25 Bonus 
elevated to the rank of Luna once more. 
I wished I could tell her that I wasn’t too pleased about it myself. While I hadn’t enjoyed being Dierdra’s personal slave, I wasn’t looking forward to being poured into tight, corseted ball gowns and marched around as Gideon’s well–behaved Luna at the council. 
I had agreed to his terms. I would pretend to be everything he needed, but in my heart I was merely biding my time. Waiting until my mother could be rescued, and then I could drop the pretense of being anything other than Gideon’s prisoner. (1 
He had caught me off guard with the map and the promise of getting word to my mother, but now that the hours had ticked by after our meeting, I realized how easily I had been caught off guard and manipulated into agreeing. 
Once more, he was just dangling the tiniest scrap of what I needed to get me to jump in the direction he pointed, and I, the fool, had been too eager to do it. 
When would I learn that any kindness Gideon gave was simply because he needed me to fill an empty role in his life that he couldn’t actually earn the normal way? Dierdra may have been more blatantly narcissistic, self–serving, and scheming, but Gideon was no less calculating and conniving. 
It seemed as though I was forever doomed to act as someone’s pawn. I wondered when I would finally have the strength and the means to work for no one’s agenda but my own? 
“Wait here,” Camila marched me upwards to a landing that looked out onto a floor filled with formalwear and elegant dresses, “Pick out colors you like while I go make the arrangements with the consultants.” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 189
Chapter 189 
Obediently, I drifted through the piles of riotous colors of satin and chiffon and damask. My fingers tentatively brushed against velvets and suedes and the brushed silk of the fine lapels of a men’s tuxedo that draped sharply over a blank–faced mannequin in one section of the floor dedicated to menswear. 
“Luna Avery Nightwolf,” a man’s voice cut through my textile perusal and I whirled to see a tall man weaving through the display stands towards me. He had bright red hair, and bright eyes the color of sea glass, and the width of his shoulders and muscled frame screamed ‘Alpha‘ to someone like me, who had grown up her whole life among wolves. 
I gaped in recognition as I placed a name with the face looking at me with interest. 
“Alpha Reynaud,” I nodded, my mind racing even as I went through the movements of courtesy. I hadn’t seen this wolf since our dangerous encounters at the Alpha Ball months ago. 
“What…what are you doing here?” I stammered. 
“Same as you, I assume,” he bowed courteously in return, “picking up some last–minute supplies for my trip.” 
“To the Council?” I asked, and he nodded gracefully. He was a beautiful man. Much more fine–boned than Gideon, who was all raw muscle and strength. There was something more poised and practiced in the way Reynaud moved, as though every gesture was pre–meditated for grace and efficiency. 
“Indeed. I am glad I ran into you like this,” His eyes gleamed in a way that made me wonder if this accidental meeting was truly as happenstance as it appeared, “I have a matter I wish to discuss with you 
” 
Just then I heard Camila’s voice calling for me from the other side of some shelves. Reynaud raised his 
head and retreated back into the fabric maze that surrounded us. 
“I can see that you are preoccupied,” he flashed a smile, “I will find you shortly, when you have finished your errands.” 
And then he was gone. I shook my head, not knowing what to make of the encounter. Camila rounded a corner and rushed over to pull at my arm. 
“There you are, have you picked anything out?” Her lips pursed as she looked at the small pile of swatches I clutched in my hands, “Okay, good. The consultant has pulled a few sample dresses for you in the fitting rooms…” 
She dragged me along behind her as I was whisked towards a row of curtained alcoves that were, presumably, the dressing rooms. I was shoved into one with the instructions, “Work your way through those and pick a few you like. I’ll take her your samples and see what she can do,” Camila frowned at me, then whirled away and left, the curtain swishing and swaying in the wake of her passage. 
I was glad she wasn’t going to stay with me while I changed. It was like being in a room with an angry cat, and never being sure when they were going to try to claw your eyes out. 
1/2 
Chapter 189 
+25 Bonus 
I pulled my shirt over my head and shimmied out of my leggings, piling the mundane clothes on a shelf before reaching for one of the frothy, creamy confections that comprised the sample dresses. 
The first one I grabbed was a strapless gown with a tight corseted bodice that snatched at the waist and then ballooned outwards in a great ball of tulle–draped silk. I didn’t have anyone to help with the corseting so I pulled it over my head and then held the bodice tight over my breasts while I turned to look at my reflection in the full–length mirror on the wall. 
The long hours in the sun and fields had left their marks on my body. Angry red, healing scars from the rogue attack stood out on my bare arms and shoulders, while the skin around them was tanned and dark. I had multiple bruises from where I had been too clumsy with moving stones for field walls. 
No one looking at me at the ball would see anything elegant, I thought. This was the body of a drudge. 
I looked at myself with dissatisfaction, then raised my gaze and gasped as my eyes met a seafoam pair that was staring at me in the mirror. 
I whirled as Reynaud stepped into my changing room with a shameless smile. 
“What are you doing?” I gasped as he moved towards me. 
“What I said I would do,” his gaze roamed freely over my half–clad body freely, “I have something to discuss.” (1 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 190
Chapter 190 
+25 Bonus 
?” I asked, warily. Camila and I had never become close, but as Gideon’s sister, she was still an esteemed member of the pack. Was there something else about her that I didn’t know? 
“Because what I want to discuss involves her brother,” Reynaud tilted his head to the side and I could see his eyes tracing the deep wounds that ran down my arm. They had healed closed, but the skin was marred with deep marks left by the rogue wolves‘ claws and teeth, and the scars still stood out red and fresh against my skin. 
“What gave you those scars?” He snapped suddenly, and I felt self–conscious under his scrutiny as he stepped closer, reaching out one hand to hover over my arm and shoulder, “Did Gideon Nightwolf give you these?” 
Reynaud’s eyes narrowed to cerulean points. Even though he hadn’t even actually touched me, I felt the heat radiating from his hands as they hung in the air millimeters from my skin. His gaze whipped from my wounds to my face. 
“If your Alpha did this…” He growled even as I flinched away from his almost–touch and hugged my arms tighter around myself. 
“What? You’ll do what?” I said, bitterly. 
Reynaud made an exasperated sound, “Anyone who hurts you like that should be given the same in return,” he said, gesturing at my body, “Was it him?” 
I shook my head. Gideon hadn’t hurt me. Not directly. 
Not physically. 
He had just stood by his fake mate and let it happen. He had just allowed her to give me hard labor so that my injuries took longer to heal. 
1/2 
Chapter 190 
+25 Bonus 
So no, he hadn’t caused my wounds, but he hadn’t mitigated them either. 
“Luna Avery,” Reynaud’s voice dropped to a soft tone, “You must know that I hold you in the greatest esteem. It pains me to know that someone has harmed you. If it is within my power to assist in any way, please know that I would consider it my honor to do so.” 
I dropped my gaze away from his probing stare, feeling my cheeks heat under his regard and his flowery praise. Still, his offer sounded genuine, and I was surprised at how touched I was by the offer of aid. 
It had been so long since anyone had genuinely appeared concerned for me. When was the last time someone had offered me relief from my burdens that didn’t come with apparent strings attached? 
“Thank you,” I nodded simply. 
“Will you not tell me what troubles you? The last time we met…” Reynaud had the decency to look slightly 
embarrassed. 
The last time we had met I had been drunk, at the Alpha Ball, and I was pretty sure I had accepted his offer to escort me back to my room, with a strong implication that he would be interested in staying the night. 
Then… something had happened. 
I had spent the night in the arms of my lover, but it had been Gideon who had emerged from my shower after a night of mind–blowing sex, and the bastard still would not admit it had been him in plain words. 
So there was still doubt in my mind. What if it had been Reynaud and not Gideon who had spent the night vigorously worshipping my body? (1 
I blushed again, trying to match that powerful alpha in my memories with the beautiful man in front of me. Reynaud saw my bashful expression and his expression lifted in a smirk. 
“Ah, I see you remember something,” he said huskily, “and if we had a little more time I would be happy to resume where we left off…” his fingers twitched at his side, as though he was suppressing the urge to reach for me, “But I really did come with a proposal for you.” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 191
Chapter 191 
He looked back at the doorway, as though double–checking that we were alone, and then leaned closer conspiratorially. 
“I understand that there may be things that you may feel you cannot divulge to me. But we are friends, are we not?” His eyes searched my face earnestly, “Still, I will not ask you to tell me secrets that would compromise you. All I ask is that you nod if I say something that you know to be true. Can you do that?” 
I stared at him in bafflement, but slowly nodded. 
“I have heard stories, that is to say, there have long been rumors about your Alpha… Rumors of a bloodline that is not strictly wolf, but rather something darker,” His eyebrows drew together over his handsome face, “It’s not as much a secret as some would like, and I understand their reasons why, but can you confirm that Gideon Nightwolf carries a taint in his blood that can cause him to behave not as a man, nor as a wolf, but as something even more deadly?” 
Astonishment washed over me. Was Reynaud talking about the curse on the Nightwolf bloodline? The reason why every third generation they were required to temper their lineage with Silvermoon pack brides? 
The bloodline taint was what had caused Gideon to enter berserk mode when he was little more than a teenager, and take the lives of his best friend and his brother’s mate. It was the source of his greatest 
shame and his fearsome reputation. 
When someone carrying the blood–taint was exposed to certain triggers, their wolf rose to the forefront with devastating consequences. Uncontrollable rage, and a desire that could only be sated by blood, consumed the werewolf utterly. They would indiscriminately kill any and all in their path. 
But that secret was kept tightly controlled by Nightwolf pack. It was a massive weakness that they had fought for generations to keep others from discovering. I had only learned of it after Jessica had tricked a young wolf named Madelyn into putting Angelica flowers near Gideon to try and get him to enter that killing frenzy and frame me for it. 
After that incident, Gideon had been forced to tell me about the curse. It was part of why the alliance between Nightwolf and Silvermoon packs, my home pack, was so important. Children born from that union would still carry the berserker genes, but it would be repressed for two generations. 
I didn’t know exactly how Reynaud had learned it, but it was obvious that he had heard something. Should I now confirm his suspicions? 
Beneath my fingertips I felt the smooth grooves of the scar tissue on my body. The wounds that my Alpha should have protected me from but hadn’t. 
Slowly, I raised my eyes and met Reynaud’s piercing gaze and nodded. (2 
“Thank you,” Reynaud breathed, he stepped closer and placed his hands on my shoulders, staring down at me as though I had just given him a great gift, “I know it can’t be easy to share information about the pack that took you in, but I assure you I only have your best interests at heart. After all, look what they 
1/2 
Chapter 191 
+25 Bonus 
have done to you…” 
His hands brushed down my arms and made the small hairs on my skin stand up. Despite the warmth of 
his touch, I shivered. 
“Listen, Avery,” Reynaud’s demeanor grew serious, “If you’re willing to help me, I have a proposal for you that might alleviate your situation. I can get you out of there.” 
I shook my head, biting my lip, “I can’t.” 
“Yes, you can!” Reynaud insisted, “You deserve better than this, surely you can see that?” 
I tilted my head to look up at his handsome, intense expression. 
“He knows where the Rogue King is keeping my mother,” I confessed, “Until I can rescue her, I have to do what he says.” 
Reynaud’s expression grew severe, “Your mother has been taken?” 
I nodded. 
“Oh Avery,” Reynaud’s eyes widened with sympathy, “That must be so hard for you.” 
I couldn’t tell if he was being sincere, but just having someone express sympathy for my situation was 
so unexpected that I felt tears gathering in my eyes. 
Reynaud’s voice was gentle as he reached out to wipe a tear away as it ran down my cheek. 
“I am here to help. I just need one thing from you in exchange…” 1 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 192
Chapter 192 
Avery’s POV 
I gulped and turned my head away from Reynaud’s gentle touch on my face. His proximity flustered me and I found my head spinning as I scrubbed at my eyes to remove the tears that had emerged at his sympathetic interest. 
“What do you need from me?” I asked. 
He hadn’t known about my injury until he had barged into my changing room, which meant that he had already been intending to seek me out beforehand. So, what was it that had brought this Alpha here to find me? 
I no longer believed that our meeting had been incidental. I may be naive but it wasn’t beyond the realm of imagination to believe that someone like Reynaud had people who could inform him of when the Luna of Nightwolf Pack might be out and about and thereby approachable. 
Offhandedly I wondered how long he had been waiting to manufacture this run–in. I had been trapped behind Nightwolf’s walls for weeks during my punishment. Had he heard about that as well? Did he know what I had done to Dierdra that had led to my sentence? 
Now I stared up at this strange Alpha and waited for him to explain. 
“I want to help you, Avery. I have resources that even Gideon does not, and if you say the word I will use them to alleviate your… situation.” 
“You can rescue my mother?” I asked, incredulous. Even Gideon hadn’t been willing to commit the forces necessary to secure her rescue. 
Reynaud grabbed one of my hands within his palms and pressed it warmly, “I will place all of my resources at your disposal if you can help me with this one small thing.” 
I reeled at the admission. Gideon had balked at even the slightest commitment to helping me, and now this other Alpha was willing to do it all for a small favor? Did Reynaud just have so many more resources, or was he just more cavalier with the massive expense of resources and Wolven lives it would cost? 2 
“What do I need to do?” I whispered. 1 
“At the Alpha Council, you will give Gideon a potion,” Reynaud said slowly, watching my reaction carefully. When I started to pull away, he hurried on to reassure me, “I promise this potion will not harm Gideon physically. You do not need to worry that you are poisoning him or anything like that.” 
I squinted at him suspiciously, “What will it do?” 
Reynaud smiled at me indulgently, “Gideon’s actions of late have been antagonistic and irregular. He takes extreme risks that put other packs‘ livelihoods in danger. The potion will make it harder for him to reign in his impulses, and if he loses control during the Council meeting, it will severely damage his reputation.” 
1/2 
Chapter 192 
+25 Bonus 
“And that benefits you,” I asked, “You want to bring him down.” 
Reynaud nodded, a sinister gleam in his eye, “My pack rivals Nightwolf. If Gideon’s reputation as a leader is damaged, it will allow my pack to secure better contracts and positions within the council.” 
At the look on my face, he smiled indulgently, “I know you won’t like the idea of doing anything that can harm your people. This would only effect your Alpha’s reputation. You know how these social games are. A little loss of face will not have any appreciable impact on the villagers in your pack, only Gideon’s pride.” 
I must not have appeared convinced because Reynaud reached out to place his hands on my bare shoulders, his fingertips brushing the sides of my throat. 
“Can you really say that Gideon’s decisions lately haven’t already harmed others?” He demanded, searching my face with an intense expression, “Certainly his choices have harmed you! And you’re supposed to be his wife and Luna!” He growled at this, and gave me another emphatic shake, his passion spilling over, “It’s not right, Avery, and you know it. Help me with this, and no one will know that you assisted me, but you will finally set Gideon on the back foot and I know him, he will turn to you to recover and you will have the opportunity to ask him for whatever you want! Everyone wins!” 
Everyone except Gideon, I supposed. Still, it was nice to imagine a situation in which Gideon was in my debt for once. To imagine him coming to me and saying, “Avery, I need you.” 
If I did what Reynaud was suggesting, then no longer would I be the only one suffering as he ruthlessly dictated the terms of my life. I would be an equal, someone who had a voice. 
If Reynaud could rescue my mother, would I even have reason to stay in Nightwolf pack at all? I could take my mother and leave, head south to these human settlements and create a new life for ourselves. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 193
Chapter 193 
+25 Bonus 
“And if I need to leave?” I asked, looking up at him wide–eyed, “Can you help me with that as well?” 
“Of course!” Reynaud looked offended that I had even had to ask, “Luna Avery, any pack would consider itself lucky to have you. If you decide after all you’ve been through to make your home elsewhere, then who could blame you?” 
His hands fluttered across my shoulders, with just a hint of a caress, and there was a heat that smoldered in his eyes as he said, “And if I may be so bold, I find myself in need of a worthy Luna. I hold no expectation, of course! But I would consider it the deepest honor if you decided to leave and take the position in my pack instead.” 
His voice grew breathy as his arms drew me closer to his lean, powerful body, “You would be treated as a queen, the way you always should have been.” 
Tension grew in the room, and I felt my heartbeat pounding in my chest as I stared at his face so close to mine, his powerful broad hands on my skin, and the heat of him washing over me. It was heady to feel desired like this. Not just as a woman, but as a Luna, as someone useful and important. 
I watched Reynaud’s lips part, his face incline towards mine. We were so close now I could feel his breath mingling with mine on my cheeks. 
Was he going to kiss me? 
Suddenly the room felt hot. I wasn’t sure if it was because of Reynaud’s intensity or because of the silk and tulle that still draped my body. 
“I need to think,” I gasped, breathless. 
For a long moment, Reynaud considered me, then he took a visibly reluctant step back, shoving his hands into the pockets of his well–cut suit. 
“Of course,” he purred solicitously, “I can see that I have overwhelmed you, and I apologize. Being in your presence effects me… strongly,” Indeed, I could see that he appeared slightly flushed as well, his clothes clinging suggestively to his hard body. 
I flushed a deeper shade of red and turned my gaze away. Still, it was flattering to see I had such an effect on a man like this… Gideon never betrayed any such reaction to my proximity, I thought bitterly. 
“Avery? Are you almost done in there?” Camila’s voice broke in suddenly from outside the changing room. I jumped at the sudden reminder of the compromising situation I was in with a strange Alpha here with me in a state of undress. 
“I’ll be right out!” I called back in a panic. 
In front of me, Reynaud smirked. 
“Well don’t take too long!” Camila huffed impatiently, “I’ll be over where the viewing area is.” 
1/2 
Chapter 1943 
+25 Bonus 
I heard her stomp away and turned towards Reynaud only to find he was once more very close to me. His fingers brushed my hair away from the nape of my neck and he leaned in to whisper, his lips grazing oh–so–lightly against the shell of my ear. 
“Here is the information on how to get in touch with me. I await your response to my offer,” he murmured. 
Then he was pulling away, and I rocked forward as his withdrawal left an unexpected vacuum and ache. I watched as he lifted his hand to his mouth and kissed his fingers before raising them in a salute towards me, then he was gone, the curtain swishing closed behind him. 1 
I collapsed against the wall, my hand clutching at my chest. What was it with these Alphas and their intensity? Just being around them made it hard to think, to breathe. 
Now that he was gone, I finally felt as though I had room to think, and I faced an agonizing decision. 
The potion Reynaud spoke of sounded suspiciously similar to the Angelica flowers that had prompted Gideon’s demon blood to respond and send him into berserker mode. I knew how traumatizing similar events had been for him in the past, could I really enable him to endure something similar in front of the Alpha Council? 
But, unlike those other times, this would be in the presence of powerful Alphas and Lunas, not helpless and weak villagers. And had I not told Gideon of my own traumatic past, and he had not cared one jot for how his own actions had echoed those previous hurts I carried on my heart. 1 
So why was I now so hesitant to hurt him in the same way he’d hurt me? 
2
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 194
Chapter 194 
Avery’s POV 
I didn’t sleep well that night. Flashes of my conversation with Reynaud ran through my mind on loop, causing me to toss and turn fitfully. Over and over I considered what I should do. 
Reynaud had been specific about what was on offer. He dangled power and prestige in front of me, and safety for my mother, everything I had said that I cared about and then some. However, there was something too smooth about his actions, his eagerness to agree. 
Was he so eager to have me in on his plot because he genuinely was interested in what I could bring to his pack? His reaction to my presence physically had felt genuine, even I had responded to the intense chemistry of his hands on me, and I could see that he had also been effected. 
Reynaud was a virile Alpha in his prime, and to him I represented the possibility of humiliation of a rival. I wasn’t so naive not to consider that the main thrust of his interest probably lay in cuckolding Gideon and seeing him brought low socially. Any actual attraction Reynaud felt for me was probably secondary to those desires. 
I tried to think back to our previous encounters at the Alpha Ball. Certainly, he had been politely interested then. I remembered some of what had transpired before I had ended up tangled in the sheets with a mystery Alpha. Had it been Reynaud? And why were my memories of that time so helplessly hazy? 
Was he drawn to me because he was the one I had spent that breathless night with? Was that the tension I felt between us? And if so, why did he not allude to it in the slightest? 
What he offered me was tantalizing to daydream about. To have a life in a new pack, one where I might be worshipped and admired and valued unlike this agonizing existence I had lived through in Nightwolf 
Pack thus far. 
Oh yes, it was very tempting to imagine the world Reynaud’s words painted. His comments had the effect he had no doubt calculated. He had seen the wounds on my body and surmised, correctly, that I felt alone and abandoned. 
But words were cheap. I knew almost nothing about the man, or his actions, outside of the Alpha Ball. 
The morning was fast approaching, and Gideon was sparing no expense in making sure that I would attend the Alpha Council at his side, bedecked and bejeweled as his Luna. Didn’t that mean something as well? He had said that my punishment was completed, and he was removing me from proximity to Dierdra, in fact he was choosing me over her for this trip. 
Did that mean that he valued me? 
I sighed and pounded my fist into my pillow, trying to conform it to a shape that would allow me to rest. When morning did arrive, I felt no better rested than when I had fallen into bed, and I still wasn’t sure about my feelings in regards to Reynaud’s offer. 
The car would leave at 9:00 a.m. to transport Gideon and I and our entourage to the far Council Estate. It 
1/2 
Chapter 194 
+25 Bonus 
was still a few hours until that time, and I had business I wanted to see to before I left. I dressed carefully, in the new clothes that Camila had bought for me and which Dierdra had lent with great recalcitrance. 
Then I marched across town to seek out the lair of my enemy. 
I sat in the entranceway as a servant told me to wait while he let his mistress know that I had arrived, then I was shown into the parlour where a woman I hated waited for me. 
“I was surprised at your note,” she said, flicking her fingers at a chair nearby for me to seat myself, “I had thought our business was concluded.” 
Jessica’s emerald eyes were cold jewels that glittered at me as I seated myself. If she was annoyed, or pleased, it was impossible to read. She was waiting for me to reveal my purpose before she decided one way or another. 
“I have come to ask a favor,” I said bluntly. 
Her delicately arched eyebrows rose at this admission. 
“Generally,” she drawled, leaning back in her chair, “when someone is being blackmailed, they don’t come asking for favors.” 
“You already know that I am good for repayment,” I pointed out, “as you can show Gideon that letter at any time. As I see it, we’re already in this together, and I need something only you can supply.” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 195
Chapter 195 
Jessica stared at me for a long moment, then inclined her head, “Go on.” 
“I am leaving the pack on a business trip for a few weeks,” I said, and saw her nod. She had known this already, “Dierdra is staying behind. I need someone to keep tabs on her and let me know what she does in my absence.” 
“You want me to spy on the Luna for you?” Jessica asked incredulously. 
“Actually, Gideon reinstated me as Luna yesterday,” I corrected her. Jessica’s mouth opened in surprise, she hadn’t been expecting that. 
“So,” I could see her recalculating the situation in her head, “You are back in Gideon’s good graces, it seems. And Dierdra is…” She raised a hand, letting the sentence trail off. 
“Dangerous,” I said firmly, “She is still Gideons… mate. I worry about what she will do in his absence.” 
“You mean, you wonder what she will do to fuck with you while you’re gone,” Jessica said with a snort. 
I nodded curtly, “That’s about the sum of it.” 
“And so you come to me… why?” 
I glanced off to the side, not sure how to formulate my response, “Would it be too rude to say that I believe you know a thing or two about how to ruin someone’s life?” 
Jessica laughed abruptly, “Yes, that is rude, but,” she twitched her lips upwards in a red–painted smirk,” accurate. I’ll choose to take it as a compliment instead.” 
“Thank you,” I allowed myself a tight smile in return, “Prevent her from making my life harder while I’m gone, and I’ll do my best to make yours better.” 
Jessica wasn’t an idiot, she knew that she already had me in her pocket unwillingly, but to have me on her side in a more advantageous alliance was more powerful. 
“Fine,” she agreed finally, shrugging as though it meant nothing to her, “we will discuss my payment when you return.” 
I rose and saw myself out. This feeling wasn’t exactly one of victory, but I had shored up my defenses. I may not have decide whether I would take Reynaud’s deal, but now I knew that my return to Nightwolf after our trip wouldn’t mean walking back into Dierdra’s scheming traps. 
I didn’t deceive myself that Jessica was my ally, or anything like that, but she seemed to hold no love for Dierdra either. Perhaps the enemy of my enemy could be useful to me in this instance… 
The car was purring in the drive when I approached with my bags. Gideon was standing next to the open door, and the sight of him in his broad–shouldered overcoat took my breath away. I wondered for the first time if I would be able to survive being in the same vehicle as him for the next few hours. 
1/2 
Chapter 195 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon stepped forward to take my bags, and courteously helped me into the car. As we set off, I felt a weight lift. I might now have to endure the awkward tension between us, but at least we were leaving Dierdra behind. A temporary reprieve was better than none at all. 
For weeks I had been under her thumb, and now I was free. I was like a new woman, and I couldn’t help but smile out the window as the scenery flew by. It felt a lot like freedom. 
“Are you pleased?” Gideon asked, and I swung my head towards him, startled. 
“What?” 
“Is there anything you need?” he nodded at me, seemingly concerned for my comfort. 
How unusual. He hadn’t seemed to care about my comfort at all for the last few weeks, and now he was feigning consideration for my needs. 
I felt a perverse desire to come up with a few ridiculous requests as a test. Was this another facade? Was his care and regard just another way of messing with me? 
“I didn’t sleep well,” I confessed. That was true, “and I have never been good at sleeping in vehicles.” 
Gideon looked me up and down, perhaps noting the dark bags under my eyes and the lethargic movements of my limbs. 
“Allow me to offer you my coat as a blanket,” he murmured, shrugging out of his coat and holding it out to me. My eyes widened as I took it from him, “Perhaps, if you tuck it around yourself, you may be able to sleep.” 
That felt genuinely kind, and prompted me to blurt out, “Why did you refuse to divorce me?” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 196
Chapter 196 
Avery’s POV 
The air in the cabin dropped with sudden chill as Gideon froze at my question. I resisted the urge to slap my hand over my mouth. I hadn’t really meant to ask the question, and so early in our trip too… I felt as though I had already ruined everything before it even got started. 
But there my question hung, as though it had frozen solid in the frosty air that had rushed into the gaping abyss between us. 
“Why did you refuse to divorce me?” 
I regretted the question, not because I didn’t want to know the answer- in fact I was keenly interested in what Gideon had to say- but I did regret that this felt as though I had taken the frail, fragile thing that was trying to grow between us and crushed it beneath my heel. 
There was a long delay during which I found it hard to look at Gideon directly. It stretched long enough I was able to scrape together my courage and glanced at his face. The morning sunshine was streaming through his side of the car, and it highlighted his sharp jawline, recently shaved. It also had the unfortunate effect of shadowing his eyes, so that it was hard for me to tell where he was looking. 
But the shadows did nothing to hide the clenching of his jaw, or the tension on his handsome face as he appeared to be wrestling with how to answer my question. Perhaps he, too, was reluctant to bring something so harsh as the truth into this delicate situation. 
Or, a nasty little part of my brain wondered, perhaps he was coming up with a suitable lie that would make me stay. 
“The alliance that our marriage represents,” he said, finally, “is vital to our long–standing traditions and is key to our security.” 
How romantic. 
He didn’t add anything more, and eventually just turned and stared at the landscape outside the window, leaving me to wrestle with what he’d said… and left unsaid. 
Was it really that simple? All of his efforts to keep me as his wife, and Luna, could it really all boil down to some ancient tradition? Why did I get the impression that there was something more that he wasn’t telling me? 
Maybe, whatever it was, he wasn’t ready to admit it to himself either. 
It could have been a hopeful thought, but I scoffed at my own pathetic optimism. Sure, it would be nice to think that perhaps the Alpha of Nightwolf had secret feelings for me, but if they were so hard to admit, then that was hardly a compliment. Hadn’t I just watched this man work very hard to keep someone as nasty as Dierdra around, while he wouldn’t even do the bare minimum for me? 
Sure made a girl feel special. 
1/2 
Chapter 190 
+25 Bonus 
I grimaced at the distaste all of this left in my mouth. What had I expected? That my husband who spent most of his time pretending I didn’t exist would go on this trip with me and suddenly, now that we were alone, be the person I had hoped he would be? 
I was naive to think that being alone together would change anything. 
Still, his reason didn’t exactly make sense to me. He claimed to care about tradition, and I knew from my own research that the alliance between our packs was important. Yet I had also seen him attack the Alpha of Silvermoon in a jealous rage for daring to talk to me. And when my half–sister, Zara, had offered to take my place instead, he had rejected her as well. 
Those were inconsistent behaviors from someone who claimed to care nothing for me personally, and to value the alliance between our packs over our sham of a marriage. 
As the minutes ticked by and silence continued to stretch between us, I stewed more over why I found Gideon’s response so unsatisfying. 
If it was all really about power, then Gideon was no different from the Rogue King. 
Both men were seeking to use me in their own ways. Gideon to maintain his authority over his pack by demonstrating he was a leader who honored tradition, and then the Rogue King who sought to use me for my bloodline and to create an heir that would further his anarchical goals. 
In each instance, I was merely the pawn. Someone to be held up as a status symbol to secure their legacies, gain power, and preserve the illusion of status. I stared at my hands in my lap, calloused and rough from my weeks of hard work, and chuckled mirthlessly to myself.
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 197
Chapter 197 
Some status symbol I was. Hell, the car we were riding in was probably treated better. It was cleaner, sleeker, and better maintained. 
So what value did I truly bring? 
My whole life, people had overlooked who I was and only cared about what I could do for them. In Silvermoon it had been the strength of my wolf. I wasn’t a person to them unless my wolf could manifest, and when she couldn’t, they had written me off. 
My marriage to Gideon had arisen from my father trying to get rid of me. 
I felt my spirit crumble at the thought that my own family hadn’t even wanted me when it turned out I wasn’t what they desired. No one did. 
“You’ve been quiet.” 
> I hastily wiped the tears from my eyes and turned to look at Gideon. He was regarding me with an odd 
expression, and I hoped that I hadn’t made some small noise that had indicated I was deep in my distressing thoughts. 
“Isn’t that what I’m here for?” I snapped, “Being seen and not heard?” 
Gideon frowned at my snappish response. 
“You’re here to be my Luna,” he said, as though that meant anything. 
“Ah yes, the Luna. A mythical creature who does everything with no thoughts or feelings of her own.” 
Gideon appeared to grow cross at my childish tone. No doubt I was disappointing him further by not giving him a pleasant, vapid response. 
“No one cares about my feelings either,” he rumbled, catching me off guard. I boggled at him, rather stupidly, not expecting that response. 
“I have always been forced to choose based on the needs of the pack, not what I want personally,” there was just a trace of bitterness in his tone, “The pack needs Alpha Gideon, not Gideon the man. You have appreciated that, in the past, if I remember correctly.” 
He gave me a pointed look, and I felt a hint of shame that I had also treated him as only a title. Someone who could solve my problems with a waive of his hand and the deployment of a few hundred warriors 
who would die for me. 
I flushed and turned back to the window. 
Had I really treated Gideon as ‘just the Alpha‘? (1) 
I had also tried very hard to please him, to make him things I thought he enjoyed. I had listened to him talk about his painful past, and I had felt my heart bleed with his when he had recalled those memories 
1/2 
Chapter 197 
+25 Bonus 
of losing his friends and brother to his demon blood. 
I had done my best to be supportive. Those efforts had been rejected, more often than not, because he had long ago stopped valuing them. It might not have seemed like much, but I had opened my heart to share his hurts. 
I had tried to understand Gideon the man. 
Had he tried to understand Avery, the woman? 
It felt to me as though the effort had been fairly one–sided. I had been more supportive of Gideon than he had been of me. His care and interest had been sporadic at best, and often went hand–in–hand with other requirements. 
‘No‘, I thought, ‘We are not the same.‘ 
Gideon thought of our roles as black and white. He compartmentalized his life into neat boxes and expected everyone else to do the same as effortlessly as he. My attempts to bridge that gap were seen as extraneous and unwarranted. 
But life was messy, as I had learned. I didn’t fit into anyone’s neat boxes. I would not be contained by those who only wanted to label me and disregard me. 
I wanted a full life, not a segmented one. 
I made up my mind. When we arrived at the Council Estate I would send my response to Reynaud. Despite the harm it might do to Gideon, it felt fitting that he learn that his callousness towards others had consequences. 1 
Perhaps if Gideon had given me a different response to my question… If there had been any hint of an apology or recognition of what I had sacrificed… But no such statement had seemed forthcoming. 
I had a nasty feeling that I would die before one ever arrived. 
My life was too short to spend it in a pack where I would only ever be second–priority. 
I would agree to give Gideon the potion. I would play the dutiful Luna, and then I would watch his downfall with relish. 
It was what he deserved. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 198
Chapter 198 
Avery’s POV 
My mind was made up. I would send Reynaud my message, accepting his offer. I felt resolute in my decision–excited even. 
It was as though the possibility of a change opened up a new horizon before me. My life in Nightwolf under Gideon’s rule had been full of endless uncertainty. True, switching to Reynaud’s pack involved a fair amount of unknown variables, but just the concept of a new situation felt like a breath of fresh air. 
Unfortunately, it did not alleviate the tension between Gideon and I in the slightest. Someone had said that hate and love were two sides of the same coin, except in my case it was ‘longing to be noticed‘ and ‘ longing to no longer notice him‘. 
It felt like as the day’s journey wore on, I just became increasingly attuned to Gideon. His every movement, breath, gesture, they all captured my attention and distracted me from every attempt to settle my thoughts. 
Was it because I hadn’t socialized with anyone in a long time that I was so hyper–aware of his presence near me? Had I become truly feral in my isolation? 
We pulled into the large semi–circular drive of the Council Estate, and Gideon pulled open my door and held out a hand for me to disembark. I stepped out into the late afternoon sunshine and stared up at the massive buildings, their glass–paned windows reflected red and orange light back to me, as though there was an inferno raging behind their walls. 
There was an inferno raging within me as well. So much so that I wondered if Gideon could feel the heat radiating through my gloves as he tucked my hand over his arm and escorted me up to where the doormen opened the doors into the formal ballroom foyer. He felt so solid beneath my fingertips, while I felt as though I would burn up at any moment and float away, so much ash on the breeze. 
The last time I had walked through these doors had been when we had stayed here during the Alpha Ball. We would be staying in the same assigned rooms, but the last time I had stayed there I had been subjected to Dierdra and Zara’s attempts to undermine me socially. 
It was also the last time I had seen my mystery lover in my bed. Was that the person who was gently leading me up these stairs, or was it the man I was going to be sending my acceptance note to later? 
Or was it a mysterious, third option? 
Although Gideon had been the man who had appeared from my washroom the morning after, I still held my doubts that it had really been him. He had never acknowledged the connection, or betrayed any sign that he had been the man who had claimed my body so skillfully. 
I was still young, physically. I had waited to have sex until my first Full Mating Moon with Ryan, the current Alpha of Silvermoon, and then I had caught him in bed with my half–sister, Zara, instead. That night I had entered heat for the first time and slept with a man in a haze of passion. 
1/2 
Chapter 198 
+25 Bonus 
I had snuck away in the early morning darkness and never seen his face. 
Since that time, I had only had sex one other time. I was hardly experienced in the act, and there was a surge of concern within me that every time I had a sexual encounter, I had ended up regretting it. 
Not the pleasure it brought, no, that was intense and not regrettable. I may have had a somewhat unconventional initiation into the art of pleasure, but my turmoil came from the aftermath. The mornings when I tried to remember what had happened, and who it had happened with. 
Being back here in these marble hallways brought those memories back vividly. The small flashes of detail that rose to the surface as I re–entered the room where it had happened. The familiar scent of the lemon–oil on the wooden floors, the soft texture of the sheets on the bed… 
The scent memories were stronger than my real ones, and the flashbacks hit so strongly that I closed my eyes and rocked back on my heels. I could still feel the man’s hands, gripping my hips, so strong and sure as he caressed my body… The scratch of the stubble on his cheeks against my inner thighs…. 
I bit my lips against the moan that threatened to rise from my lungs. I needed out of this room, to get some fresh air. And I needed to send Reynaud his response… 
That completed, I went for a long walk through the halls and gardens of the Council Estate to put some distance between myself and that delectable, distracting parade of memories. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 199
Chapter 199 
There were more people here than at the last social function I had attended, which surprised me at first. I would have thought that the Ball a few weeks previously would have been the highlight of the year for most packs, but it appeared there was even greater attendance for the bureaucratic meetings that comprised this trip’s agenda. 
The way I was treated as I drifted along the passageways was notably different as well. Nods of deference from the Alphas and Lunas, and more than a few pleasant greetings. The last time I had been here, I had felt like chum in the water, and the sharks had been closing in. The attendees had sensed that I was on the outs with Gideon, who had brought Dierdra as his ‘true mate‘, and they had seen me as fresh meat to be devoured. 
Now, word must have gotten out that Gideon had brought me, and me alone. It had secured my position in th eyes of the greater wolf society. While I felt grateful for the security it afforded, irritation flooded through me at the marked difference in treatment I received. 
>People only saw what they wanted to see, and they placed more stock in the titles conferred by hierarchy than by the people who occupied those roles. Once again, I was only seen as ‘the Luna‘, not as Avery, the 
person. 
I returned to my quarters I shared with Gideon feeling somewhat discouraged. Did it matter which Alpha I chose, if at the end of the day I was just a body to fill a need? 
I stomped towards my room and shoved open the door, then froze. 
There was a gorgeous dress laid out on my bed, shimmering golden fabric flared out from a jeweled rhinestone belt, and there was a lovely fur stole beside it that would make up for the off–the–shoulder drop sleeves. 
I audibly gasped at the delicate details embroidered along the bodice, tracing the soft golden curliques with my finger. 
“Do you like it?” 
I turned to see Gideon leaning against the doorway, watching me, a strange half–smile on his face. 
“It’s lovely,” I breathed, “What is it for?” 
“Get dressed,” he said cryptically, “and I’ll show you.” 
Perplexed but intrigued, I did as he commanded. There were matching gilded flats for my feet, and I slipped them on and stared at my reflection in the mirror, staggered by the woman staring back at me. 
She no longer looked like an overworked field–hand, or even the rejected daughter of Silvermoon’s Gamma. She looked regal, poised, her curves accented by the curvaceous drape of fabric. 
Was that really me? The woman in the mirror felt like a stranger. 
The surreal sensation continued as I stepped out into the common–area that connected our individual 
1/2 
Chapter 199 
+25 Bonus 
bedrooms in the pack quarters and discovered that it, too, had been transformed. 
The lights had been dimmed, and the settling twilight seeped in through the open windows, along with a delicately cool night breeze. The mid–summer wind flickered the constellations of candles that limned the boundaries of the room and graced a linen–draped dining table with tapers of light. 
The table was set for two. 
As I gaped at the beautiful setting, a man stepped from the shadows and he was equally as breathtaking as the luxurious dinner laid out before me. A feast for my eyes. 
His dark black suit clung to his broad shoulders and nipped in at the waist to offset his long, powerful legs. His hair had been brushed back from his face, but its waves had shaken loose and fell loosely around his striking face. 
Gideon Nightwolf had never looked more gorgeous than he did in this moment as he tilted his head towards me and politely held out his hand to help me into my chair. As he pushed it in behind me, I felt a surge of regret. 
“This is lovely,” I choked out, surprised by his consideration and kindness, “Thank you.” 
“Lovely indeed,” Gideon raised his wineglass in salute, his eyes gleaming in the candlelight, “I intend to fully feast.” 
His comment was ambiguous, his gaze heated. As we dug into the excellent meal, I felt as though I was the one being devoured as his gaze raked over me appreciatively. 
I should have enjoyed this moment- his attention, this beautiful dinner- but I felt as though there was glass in my throat. Tomorrow was the start of the formal council meeting, and I found myself second- guessing my decision. 
Soon, I would betray him. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 200
Chapter 200 
Avery’s POV 
At breakfast a messenger arrived with a package for me. 
I retreated into my room and tore open the paper. A small glass vial fell into my hand and a note. 
With trembling fingers, I opened it and read, 
“To your future happiness. 
~ 
~R” 
This was it then. Events were in motion. 
I held the vial up to the light streaming through my bedroom window. Such a small amount of liquid to hold so much promise. The potion sparkled, crystal clear. 
I had expected it to be dark, sinister. Instead, it looked deceptively innocuous. With this teaspoonful of deception, I would forge a new future for myself… 
…and for Gideon. 
I dressed for the Council Meeting carefully, slipping the vial into the pocket sewn into the seam of my dress I had bought for the occasion on my trip with Camila where I had ‘run into‘ Reynaud. An encounter that I was now increasingly certain had been intentional and calculated. 
The hours ticked by as I waited for the opportune moment. I needed to give him the potion right before the council meeting, for maximum effect. I assumed there would be some sort of refreshment available, but what if there wasn’t? 
Finally the time came. 
I entered into the grand Council Chambers on Gideon’s arm, barely registering the throngs of beautiful men and women dressed in stunning finery that mixed and mingled throughout the space. I scanned the room furtively as we joined a couple Gideon seemed familiar with and began to make small talk. 
The Council Chambers were fairly similar to the large, formal ballroom I had been in previously. This was a columned, vast space of elegant proportions. The walls had wide desks lining the perimeter that seemed to be assigned to various packs, but it appeared most of the attendees preferred to mingle in a common area in the middle. 
At one end of the room, a raised, semi–circular bench dominated. That was where the High Council would sit when the formal business began. 
From the little I had gleaned, there was a vast agenda of business that could be addressed during these conventions of the packs. Everything from contract mediation, to sentencing of criminals, to the airing of grievances, the allotment of pack resources, and the announcement of community news like births, deaths, and weddings could all land on the agenda. 
1/2 
Chapter 200 
+25 Bonus 
In fact, the only restriction on the type of business that could be raised was that only Alphas and Lunas were permitted to speak in these chambers. All other wolves were typically denied entry, or if an exception was made, they were mandated to be silent. 
There was indeed a buffet of refreshments and drinks set up at the opposite end of the room from the dais. I felt my muscles loosen slightly as I breathed out some of the tension I had been holding. I had all the materials I needed to enact our plan. 
“Alpha Gideon, Luna…?” a pleasant looking man had joined our social circle as we waited for the proceedings to begin. His expression was bland as he looked me over, clearly awaiting an introduction. 
“Avery,” I dipped my head in greeting. The man raised his glass in salute. 
“Apologies, I don’t believe we’ve met,” he said politely, “I don’t often make it to these functions. My pack is one of the more… remote. It seems as though we miss all the excitement,” he smiled and winked conspiratorially, “Apparently at the ball a few months back there was a pair of women who were vying for the same Alpha, and it caused quite the scandal! I wish I had been here to see it…” 
Next to me, I felt Gideon stiffen. Oh, how awkward! This man was trying to gossip about the scene Dierdra had caused, not knowing that I was the ‘other woman‘. 
“Shocking,” I said, weakly, “Your champagne looks delicious, sir. I must get a glass for myself.” I turned and began to head towards the refreshment table, excusing myself from the awkward conversation. 
“Avery, wait,” Gideon snagged my elbow, “I would be happy to get you a drink,” his eyes squinted at me in concern, perhaps worried that I was trying to run away to cry or some other embarrassing display. 
“No need,” I flashed him a brilliant smile, “Shall I get you one as well?” 
The concern didn’t fade from Gideon’s handsome face, but he nodded and released me. 
“Was it something I said?” I heard his friend ask as I wandered off. I heard the rumble of my husband’s response, but not the words, and was grateful I didn’t need to listen to whatever excuse he came up with to cover my departure. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 201
Chapter 201 
+25 Bonus 
I schooled my features back into what I considered my ‘Luna face’. Aloof and unaffected, or attempting to be, as I crossed the great social minefield and managed to wash up, unscathed, on the far shore. 
There were quite a few people clustered around the refreshment buffet- Wolves were a hungry lot- and I perused the trays of hors d’oeuvres with a token appreciation for the artistry of the displays. My stomach, however, was tied in knots and vehemently opposed to the idea of food. 
I had eaten little at lunch either. Stress had filled my belly like a rock, suppressing my appetite all day. I was sure the alcohol I was about to consume would hit me like a ton of bricks, but I recklessly reached for a glass of the sparkling wine regardless. 
Perhaps if I downed this quickly, I would be able to drift through what was to come in a lovely haze. 
“Luna Avery,” a voice purred over my shoulder. I jumped, almost spilling the pair of delicately fluted tulip glasses in my hands. When I turned, I found myself close, too close, to Reynaud, who beamed down at me wolfishly. 
“Alpha Reynaud,” I said, flustered at his proximity, “It’s good to see you again.” 
“It’s very good to see you as well,” his eyes drifted down to my elegant but conservative neckline and back up to my face with a slow smile, “Even if it’s less of you than last time.” 
I flushed crimson and tried to back away, glancing to see if anyone was listening in to our conversation. 
“Oh come, I don’t mean to embarrass you,” he said quickly, “You are lovely in every dress, of course. I would have to be blind not to appreciate what you choose to give, and I would have to be dead to not hope for more…” 
His flattery was as smooth as his tone, and as his hands as they surreptitiously slid against my skirts as I pressed against the table. 
“Forgive me, I was just taking these drinks back to Gideon,” I choked out, feeling rather stifled in. Reynaud’s enthusiastic company. 
“Oh?” His eyebrows rose, and he glanced at the champagne I held and back at me with eyebrow raised as he caught the significance of my meaning, “Well then, please do not allow me to detain you further.” 
He stepped back, giving me room to maneuver, and breathe. 
“Thank you,” I murmured, as I began to move back towards Gideon on the far side of the room. 
“Certainly,” Reynaud said, his expression sharp and full of yearning, “I hope you enjoy today’s agenda. I know I will.” 
Flustered, I took my time skirting the crowd. I paused for a moment to dispose of the vial in my pocket, flinging it, empty, into a potted plant. It felt as though I was releasing a heavy weight that had been dragging me down. 
1/3 
Chapter 201 
+25 Bonus 
Then, feeling suddenly as effervescent as the bubbles in my glass, I fixed a smile on my face and found my place at Gideon’s side. 
“Everything alright?” he asked, peering at me with concern. 
“Fine,” I smiled at him brightly, “Here’s your champagne.” 
“Thank you,” He reached for the glass I offered, and our fingertips touched, sending jolts of electricity. down my arm and re-kindling the nervous ball of energy in my stomach. 
To avoid his questioning gaze, I pivoted to survey the room and saw Reynaud watching us from a few meters away. He raised his own glass in salute, and I turned away quickly. 
“This is quite good,” Gideon remarked idly, finishing off his glass. 
“Oh,” I said faintly, “Is it?” 
“Looks like we’re finally beginning,” he said, as the lights dimmed somewhat over the crowd and brightened at the far end of the room where the Council Dais rose. There were wolves stepping forward to take their seats at the elevated table, and their expressions were stern and powerful. 
“That’s the council?” I whispered to Gideon. 
“Yes,” he replied, “Most of them, anyways. There is one open seat,” he pointed and I saw that there was an empty chair at the end of the table. 
“Whose was it?” I asked, but Gideon didn’t respond. I turned to look at him to see him frowning at the empty glass in his hand, as though he didn’t remember how it got there. 
“Gideon?” I said, slightly louder, concerned. 
He raised his head to look at me, eyes slightly unfocused. 
“Avery,” He growled. 
Then he lunged at me, grabbing my waist and spinning me against him as the wolves around us 
exclaimed in alarm. 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
D 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 202
Chapter 202 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 202 
Avery’s POV 
All I could think, as Gideon grabbed me, was that I had badly miscalculated. 
He whirled me in his arms, the champagne glass slipping from my fingers and crashing to the floor, its contents splattering across the polished parquet and splashing on the hems and shoes of the Alphas 
and Lunas nearest us. 
Gideon’s arm snaked around my waist, pulling me tight against his body, while his other arm draped across my shoulders. I felt suddenly, breathlessly, aware that his teeth were mere inches from my throat. 
And that his eyes had turned a distinct shade of yellow. 
His wolf was lurking, barely below the surface, and I could hear the rasping rattle of his heavy breaths over my shoulder. 
“Gideon?” I whispered, eyes wide, not daring to move. He was holding me so tightly, and there was a faint tremble to his hands where they pressed against my dress. 
He seemed on the very verge of losing control. Around us, the crowd had frozen as well. I rolled my panicked eyes along the ring of bystanders, silently pleading for them to help, but the expressions were all aghast and pale. 
Awareness of the commotion had spread, and at the far end of the room I saw the Council peering in our 
direction with interest. 
“Gideon,” I said in a low whisper, “It’s going to be okay.” 
He growled and pulled me even closer. I felt the heat of his breath against my neck and saw the glimmer of fangs at the edges of his lips as he pulled them back. It would take less than a second for those sharp, ivory canines to plunge into my jugular. 
I began to tremble in his arms, my legs going weak and rubbery. If I could have, I would have run screaming for the doors. Indeed, it appeared some people were doing just that, ducking into the hallway beyond while others stood, mesmerized, waiting to see what would happen next. 
The crowd did slowly edge away from us, though. Leaving a wide circle in the center of the council chambers with Gideon and I, tangled in his deadly embrace, in the center. 
And into this open space stepped Reynaud, 
“Gideon Nightwolf!” he called out in a ringing, carrying voice. 
At the sound of his name, Gideon’s head snapped up, his pupils narrowing to hard pinpricks as he targeted the rival Alpha. A growl rumbled in his chest so loudly that I felt my body vibrate. 
My own eyes tracked Reynaud as he stepped closer and more fully into my field of vision. Was he intentionally trying to antagonize Gideon, even knowing that I was trapped in his arms? 
1/2 
Choistar 
+25 Bonus 
He barely even glanced at me, those tourmaline eyes fixed beyond me, towards his real target. The world. compressed to two spotlights, one focused on the man I was rejecting, and one the man who represented my future moving forward. One man who barely seemed to see me at all, and one who clutched me as though I represented his whole world. 
Both equally dangerous. 
Had I chosen incorrectly? A small part of my brain that only spoke in the primal language of fear was babbling incoherently that I had put myself In the Jaws of a predator and the only way forward was pain. 
Reynaud paced forwards and the wolf who held me seemed to grow more agitated at his approach. 
2-11-15 
“Look at the mighty Alpha,” Reynaud’s voice was taunting and disdainful. He pitched his voice so that it carried to the farthest corners of the hall. He knew he had a captive audience. 
Literally. 
I stared at him in terror, worried that if he antagonized Gideon too much now, he would truly go feral and 
I would be his nearest and fastest victim. 
Gideon didn’t respond with words. He merely swung his body in a semicircle to keep Reynaud in his sights. 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
+2 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 203
Chapter 203 
+25 Bonus 
“It’s sad when one of our best Alphas succumbs to weakness,” Reynaud feigned tragedy, frowning as he stared at Gideon across the floor, “and I wish I could say that I hadn’t seen this coming, but sadly, the signs have been all too clear.” 
Now Reynaud spun to address the crowd who had begun to murmur and point. 
“How do we know when a pack is in crisis?” Reynaud asked, “When there is chaos and dissension at the highest levels. When pack alliances are no longer honored, and when powerful enemies are antagonized.” 
He pointed an accusing finger at the Alpha behind me. 
“Gideon Nightwolf has given every appearance of this sort of deterioration. He and his women,” Reynaud spat the word like it was a disgusting piece of filth, “were responsible for the salacious display so many of us were subjected to witnessing at the Alpha Ball! It takes a truly strong Alpha to appease the appetites of two women,” Reynaud smirked at this, and wiggled his fingers lasciviously, “and it was obvious that Gideon Nightwolf fell short.” 
I heard a few titters of laughter in the audience, but Reynaud wasn’t done. 
“He has sown dissension with his neighboring packs, refusing to show deference to ancient allies, such as the Silvermoon pack who have reported an unusually aggressive series of interactions that in the past were harmonious,” the murmuring of the crowd increased as Reynaud continued to list the alleged ‘ crimes’ attributed to Gideon’s apparent decline in leadership. 
“Finally, he shows shocking lack of foresight in antagonizing the powerful bandit leader dwelling in our territories that we have come to know as the Rogue King,” at the mention of the infamous outlaw’s title, the murmuring increased to a roar of chatter. Reynaud raised his own voice to a rousing, carrying volume over it, “Who among us has not lost warriors to his incursions? And who has been poking at him like a child poking at a wasp’s nest with a stick?” 
I didn’t like this angle of rhetoric. It sounded to me like Reynaud was saying that Gideon was in the wrong for attacking the Rogue King. Was that really what he meant? Could Reynaud actually be secretly allied with the Rogue King? 
And if that was possible, how many other packs might also be colluding with the psychopathic warlord? 
The thought was chilling, and with it the sense of our precarious position in this hall of Pack leaders felt even more perilous. So far, no one had stepped forward to lend strength to Reynaud’s accusations, but it was obvious that with this airing of grievances, Reynaud was appealing to the interests of any wolves who resented Gideon’s leadership, 
I was willing to bet that Reynaud wasn’t the only enemy Gideon had in these halls. 
Gideon’s growls had increased proportionately to the vehemence of Reynaud’s verbal attack. Now he suddenly lurched forward a step, shoving me in front of him without loosening his hold. Some of the women in the crowd gasped, and I heard one shriek as his face took on a viscous snarl. 
1/2 
He truly looked like a man on the verge of losing control. 
+25 Bonus 
In contrast, Reynaud was calm and collected. His arched brows the epitome of haughty contempt as Gideon staggered towards him. 
“What’s wrong?” He said scornfully, “Not able to control your wolf? You’re no better than that bloodthirsty demon you call a wolf,” he scoffed derisively then whirled towards the raised dais where the Alpha Council had been watching the whole interaction. 
“Have you seen enough, Elders?” Reynaud called out, “Will you really allow one such as this to continue to take up space in our halls? I make the motion that Gideon Nightwolf be stripped of his title as a core charter member of the Alpha Council!” 
A gasp went up around the room, and I took from that Reynaud’s motion was something drastic and unusual. 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 204
Chapter 204 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 204 
All eyes swiveled towards that high bench where the leaders of the Alpha Council sat motionless. They appeared just as taken aback by the events unfolding on the council floor as anyone else, though their faces were more schooled to implacability. 
“What of the Luna?” One of the Council members called out, “Do you call for her removal as well?” 
All heads swiveled back towards Reynaud once more, and I was among them. If the motion carried, what Reynaud said next could be the difference in life and death for me. Would he honor our agreement and allow me to regain my position as Luna after Gideon was removed? 
“In my mind, she is as bad as he is,” Reynaud sneered, those cold eyes meeting mine with a mocking gleam, “There isn’t a single loyal bone in Luna Avery’s body. She practically threw herself at me during the Alpha Ball, and were I a weaker man, I might have succumbed to her charms,” Reynaud’s smirk was lecherous as he looked me over openly, “I wouldn’t be surprised to learn that she’s thrown herself into the arms and bed of many Alpha’s here.” 
Outrage boiled within me, as Reynaud delivered this condemnation. So all his pretty words were just more lies, I realized. He had manipulated me, and I felt all the more foolish that I’d ever viewed him with the slightest trace of admiration. 1 
“She’s nothing but an unfaithful slut,” Reynaud drawled, “She should be punished in the same way.” 
Gideon seemed to increase in size as Reynaud spoke. I could see the tendons in his neck and shoulders flexing. Every muscle in his body seemed taut. 
“He’s going to lose control!” someone screamed, and there was a hurried movement backwards as the crowd all swiveled to look at Gideon where he stood holding me. 
“Gideon?” I whispered, feeling their terror splash against me, “What are you doing?” 
I thought I knew this man, and I had counted on being safe around him, but as the seconds ticked by, the nervous tension in my own body increased. Gideon wouldn’t hurt me… would he 
I twisted my head to try and look in Gideon’s face. His eyes were bright yellow, shining with the threat of 
violence. 
“Council, I recommend that this man be removed, and if he will not relinquish the girl, then perhaps she 
can at least be used as bait to lure this feral wolf away!” Reynaud sensed now was the time to move in for the kill, “And if the Council sees fit to fill the hole caused by his absence, I volunteer to step into his 
place!” 
The audience burst into an uproar at this, realizing that Reynaud was making a play for Gideon’s power and prestige, 
“And what does Gideon Nightwolf have to say for himself?” A council member called out. 
At this question, all heads rotated back to the powerful Alpha who had been straining at my back. 
1/2 
Chapter 204 
+25 Bonus 
To my surprise, and theirs, Gideon suddenly released me, and stepped back. Nonchalantly, he shook out his sleeves, adjusted his cuffs, ran a hand through his hair. It was an abrupt transformation, as the threat of violence suddenly subsided, leaving only a suave and composed Alpha where previously a borderline 
feral wolf had stood. 
Only his eyes stayed the same, still gleaming yellow as they pinned Reynaud where he stood. Gideon raised his hand and pointed his own accusing finger at Reynaud, who blanched pale and wavered unsteadily on his feet. 
Chaos erupted in the chamber as Gideon announced, in a strong and strident voice, “I think that Alpha Reynaud oversteps, Council. He has sought to maliciously sabotage an Alpha of an originally chartered Pack, and tried to poison me for his own gain.” 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 205
Chapter 205 
Avery’s POV 
The surge of voices, shouting, and questions that followed Gideon’s statement was so deafening that it took several moments for anything resembling order to return. 
I stood there as the waves of sound crashed over us and considered the radical transformation of my husband. I had felt him straining with savage energy. My hindbrain had been firmly in his clutches, and I had feared for my life. 
If it had all been an act, then Gideon was a far better actor than I had ever expected. 
Like flipping a switch, all of that ferocious, feral energy had metamorphosed back into the Gideon I knew. Still savagely powerful, his Alpha aura was palpable as brutal intent rolled off him in waves. His handsome face was fierce and vicious, but no longer bestial. 
Except for his eyes. 
His eyes still showed the monster within. A cruel and murderous creature stalked deep in those amber lenses, hungering for blood. 
For Reynaud’s blood. 
The slender, beautiful Alpha seemed to have lost some of his lustre in the face of Gideon’s accusation. He had been caught off guard, assuming that Gideon was under the effects of the potion he had given to 

“He lies!” Reynaud howled, staring pleadingly back at the Council, many of whom were now on their their own hungry expressions staring at the fracas below. 
Only now, they were eying Reynaud with disdain. 
“You all saw it! He was about to lose control!” 
“Was I?” a cruel smile carved across Gideon’s face, “Or did you just assume so?” 
“You were about to attack your Luna, we all witnessed it!” Reynaud backpedaled. 
“Why would I do that?” Gideon feigned surprise, turning to look at me appraisingly, “My Luna is precious to me. I have no desire to harm her.” 
I felt warmth surge through me at this public declaration of admiration from Gideon. Even if he was just saying it for effect, he had declared it loudly and proudly, and I saw some of the Lunas nearest us begin whispering to each other and staring at me appraisingly. 
“Well… I.. I don’t know why!” Reynaud sputtered, realizing that to claim that Gideon had been about to go feral would indicate that he knew what could cause such a thing. 
“I’ll tell you,” I stepped forward, emboldened by Gideon’s assertion of my worth, my chin held high, “You 
1/3 
Chopter 205 
+25 Bonus 
assumed Gideon had gone feral because you thought I had given him the potion you instructed me to give him!” 
As Reynaud reeled back I saw Gideon watching me, his expression proud and approving. He seemed pleased that I had spoken up, and I realized that with the two of us presenting a united front, we were convincing the Alpha Council and the bystanders that Reynaud was the one who was out of line. 
I flashed him a triumphant smile and he nodded back at me. 
His approving expression flashed me back to the night previous, when he had been seated across from me at that perfect private dinner. 
H 
I had stared at the lovely, enigmatic, infuriating Alpha raising his glass in a toast and the wrongness of what I was planning to do slapped me in the face. 
Could Reynaud offer me a better life? Possibly, but he had given me no real assurances that he intended to make good on his promises. There was just something about the whole situation that gave me the sensation that I was a butterfly who had collided with the spider’s web. 
Reynaud had been too eager to secure my allegiance, and too vague on the ‘how’s and ‘why’s. With distance and time it was easier to see that he had used the motions of seduction to confuse and distract me so that I would agree to his deal. He had known that I was under physical and emotional stress, that I craved kindness and attention, and had twisted it to his advantage. 
That degree of conscious manipulation did not bode well for a future alliance. 
For all his flaws, all our disagreements, the Nightwolf Alpha sitting across from me hadn’t lied to me. He hadn’t tried to get me to love him with false promises or sweet nothings. He might be infuriati 
stubborn, and hard-headed, but he was not a manipulator. 
If Gideon told me something, he meant it. 
I stared at him, hands trembling on my silverware, and wondered if I could trust him with the tru return? Did I dare? What if he was furious with me? 
After all, I was on the threshold of committing treason. I knew Gideon held pack loyalty over all. If I revealed the truth, would he hold it against me? 
My thoughts had made me quiet, and I looked up from wrestling with my choice to find Gideon observing me curiously. 
“Forgive me,” I said softly, “but there’s something I need to tell you.” 
Gideon’s head tilted to the side, his lips parted slightly. I had surprised him, I could tell. 
Hurriedly, before I could lose my nerve, I laid out my encounter with Reynaud, and the offer he had made. The words spilled out of me like cutting open an ‘abscess. I felt relief at allowing them to spill out of me in a torrent of confession. 
When I was done, Gideon sat still and stiff, processing what I had said. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 206
Chapter 206 
+25 Bonus 
It was done. I had told him. Now it was up to him what he would do with the information. I forced my shoulders back from where they’d drawn inwardly in fear of retaliation. 
No matter what happened now, I had done what I felt was right. Even if it made my life worse, I had rid myself of my agonizing decision, and in doing so, had made my choice. 
I chose a life with Gideon over a fantasy with Reynaud. It might be messy, hard, and less glamorous, but it was what I had worked for. 
It was mine. 
Still, waiting for Gideon’s next move was torture. I tried to still my fearful shivers by pulling my fur mantle closer around my bare shoulders. 
“Avery,” Gideon’s voice was stern as he finally spoke, his eyes dark and stormy as he stared at me, “do you know what you have done?” 
I deflated inwardly. Oh god, here it came. My punishment. 
Would he send me back to Dierdra’s control? Would I spend another 3 months working with no reprieve? 
Gideon continued, “You have handed me the keys to destroy someone who sought to destroy me first,” his lips twitched upwards in a cruel and vindictively pleased smirk, “Well done, well done indeed.” 
The air I had been holding in my lungs poured out of me in a rush. He wasn’t angry. He was actually pleased! 
“I’m sorry if I gave you reason to doubt me,” I babbled, the guilt still weighing on me, “I will contact Reynaud in the morning and tell him I won’t agree to his deal.” 
“You will do no such thing,” Gideon said sharply. 
My head snapped up and I stared at him in disbelief. 
“You… still want me to tell him that I agree to his proposal?” I asked incredulously. 
“Yes, and then here’s what we’re going to do next…” Gideon laid out his plan in swift, smooth strokes, and when he was done, I was left in awe of this quick-thinking Alpha and his willingness to do anything to 
maintain control. 
I nodded in agreement and then asked, “So you aren’t angry? You aren’t going to punish me?” 
Gideon flashed me a devastating smile and said, “Only if you really want me to.” 
I blushed as he chuckled and then reached across the table to lightly brush my wrist with his fingertips, 
I don’t punish those who show me their sincere loyalty.” 
His words had brought a glad warmth to my heart. 
1/3 
Chapter 206 
+25 Bonus 
Now, as we stood side by side in the Council chambers, I watched his counter-attack come to fruition. Reynaud was on the back foot, scrambling for a toehold to resume his offensive. 
“The Council cannot believe the words of this Luna!” he snarled, “Her own Alpha failed to show her respect the last time he was here by bringing another woman with him as his mate!” 
I heard a small murmur of affirmation flow through the crowd at this. Many of them, no doubt, had been witness to the embarrassing scene with Dierdra during the Alpha Ball. 
“What sort of Alpha would treat his Luna that way?” I heard a familiar woman’s voice call out. I turned to see Zara standing in the front of the bystanders with a smirk on her face as she lent her support to Reynaud’s claims. 
“Gideon is a dedicated Alpha!” I spoke up in rebuttal, “He has sought to honor both his alliance with Silvermoon and his mate bond. It has not been convenient, or easy, for any of us but no one can say that he does not seek to honor his oaths!” 
The crowd rumbled approval at my words, and I saw Zara slip, cowed, back into the throng. 
“This Council has heard enough!” came a loud voice from the Alpha Council’s raised bench. 
Everyone quieted and turned to face the group of elders who were now all standing. Some with arms crossed looked irritated, while others seemed more bored or disinterested. 
“Alpha Reynaud, while your accusations would indeed be serious had they been verifiable, there is no evidence that Alpha Gideon has behaved in any manner that would call his leadership into serious question. You have said that he is uncontrolled and barbaric, but we see no evidence of such, especially considering his own Luna has vouched for any unconventional actions as being caused by his to the same traditions this Council seeks to uphold!” 
There was a scattering of gasps as the harsh admonishment rolled out over the crowd. I saw Reyn rock back on his heels. 
“In fact, the only censure this Council is willing to pass on Gideon Nightwolf is an reprimand to take better care of his Luna, who it would appear has been the victim of the worst sort of slander and defamation.” 
I blinked in surprise at this statement. Gideon moved closer to my side and slid my arm within his own, as the Council looked on warmly. 
“As for Alpha Reynaud, he should know that bringing false accusations before this Council is both rash and reprehensible. For an Alpha to turn on another Alpha in these sacred halls, and on such weak grounds, is deplorable. Therefore, he is to be expelled from this Council for the span of half a year and a proxy will be appointed in his place.” 
“The Council has spoken.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 207
Chapter 207 
Avery’s POV 
After the scene in the council chambers, the Council moved on to other business, and Gideon and I were surrounded by chattering Alphas and Lunas who wanted to chat about what had just happened. There were more than a few back pats given to Gideon, and several admiring comments made by sympathetic Lunas. 
It seemed as though Reynaud had been held in fairly low-regard among the circles Gideon socialized with. Even through his pack was powerful, he had made a lot of memories by reneging on agreements. Because he was shrewd about who he betrayed, it had been hard to build a case against him in front of the Council, but many knew of his distasteful dealings. 
By standing up to him in the way he had, Gideon had given the Alpha Council the excuse they needed to knock Reynaud down a peg. Although his removal from the Council Estate for six months was a comparatively mild slap on the wrist, it had knocked him down a peg, and would make future cases against him more likely to succeed. 
Gideon was viewed as some sort of mastermind for turning the tables on him the way he had, and as the person who had handed him the perfect situation to do so, I was equally praised and gushed over. Most even seemed to view the drama with Dierdra as some sort of machination Gideon had orchestrated to make Reynaud feel as though he could approach me. 
As I listened to their speculation, I felt a bit as though the ground had tipped away from under my feet. I, too, had assumed that Gideon had brought Dierdra to maintain the peace in his household. I had assumed that my long and brutal punishment at her hands had been a result of my own actions. 
But what if Gideon had been playing the long game the whole time? What if he had kept me as fully in th dark as he had kept Reynaud, knowing that finding me pathetic and vulnerable would induce him to seek to recruit me? 
Head spinning, mind racing, I felt myself stagger with the weight of my conjecture. I shot a sharp glance at Gideon, who was standing on the far side of a group of people, speaking solemnly. When he sensed my eyes on him he raised his head and shot me a smile. 
I looked away quickly. Was he smiling because he was proud of me, as he’d said? Or was he smiling at me knowingly because he saw I was figuring out how deep his scheming had gone? 
Even more puzzling was my own reaction to my suspicions. While I felt horrified at being just another moving part in the diorama of deception he’d manufactured, I felt begrudging respect for him. I had played right into his hands, and performed my role admirably. 
Now I stood here, enjoying the victor’s praise, but what would have happened if I hadn’t decided to confess? 
If Gideon had suspected that Reynaud would make a play for my allegiance, then he must have had a back-up plan that accounted for what he would do if I had betrayed him. 
1/2 
Chapter 207 
+25 Bonus 
I felt goosebumps raise on the back of my arms. I had made the right choice, I believed that, but if I hadn’t? 
Would I even now be subjected to the Council’s punishment? Exiled with Reynaud? Cast down from my position as Luna for good? 
I took another sip of the alcoholic drink in my hand and narrowed my eyes at Gideon over the rim. 
He was a hell of an Alpha. 
I could see how the other wolves treated him with respect and deference. The women eyed him admiringly, and more than a few were making excuses to move closer to him. 
I felt something akin to jealousy bubble up in my chest. He was my Alpha, and I had sacrificed much to be standing in this room with him today. Never mind that I had tried to get him to divorce me, and to bring Dierdra in my place. 
He had shown me that he was willing to do whatever it took to achieve his goals. Maybe I should do the 
same. 
Music began as the official Council business edged into the evening’s entertainment, and I saw a swarm of women moving towards the dance floor. 
And towards my husband. 
With a small growl in my throat I put my empty glass on a nearby tray and marched forward into the center of the knot. 
“Alpha Gideon, would you dance with me?” one of the girls was asking, with a simpering eyelashes. 
“No, he will not,” I said as I stepped into their midst, “I have claimed him.” 
Gideon stared at me in astonishment, then his lips quirked up and he held out his hand. My hand he spun me onto the floor and into his arms. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 208
Chapter 208 
+25 Bonus 
It was the first dance we’d shared that wasn’t interrupted by drama. I whirled across the floor wrapped in Gideon’s strong arms, seeing other women, and men, stare at us with envy, and felt as though maybe, just maybe, I was finally doing something right in my life. 
As the music wound down, Gideon stepped back and looked down at me solemnly. 
“I need to talk to you.” he said, and I felt my heart flutter nervously. What was there to talk about? 
Gideon took my hand and led me out into the gardens behind the Council Estate. As he pulled me along, I felt trepidation filling me. I had been having a nice time, despite the intensity of the day, and now it felt like something was bound to come along and ruin it. 
So when Gideon paused beneath a bower laden with night-blooming jasmine, I felt my heart thudding in my ears as I looked up at him. 
“I have been working on a plan,” Gideon said, looking at me seriously, “to rescue your mother.” 
Shock coursed through me as he went on to explain that he expected that the operation he had put in motion would soon be successful. I could barely focus on his words. The feelings boiling up within me were intense. 
Gratitude that he was continuing to work on something that meant so much to me. Relief that perhaps this meant I didn’t need to work on my own independent rescue after all. A great easing of the weight on my heart. 
“Oh my goodness,” a heartfelt sob tore its way out of my throat. I couldn’t help myself. I threw my arms around Gideon and hugged him tightly. 
“Thank you,” I cried, my face pressed tightly into his suitcoat, “You have no idea how much this means to me.” 
“Well,” Gideon said drily, looking down at me with mild amusement, “I suppose I have some idea now.” 
I let out a laugh, choked by tears, and stumbled backwards, embarrassed at my own display of emotion. 
“I’m sorry, it’s just… It’s been a long day and you caught me off guard. I thought you were going to tell me something terrible and I… I just can’t take any more bad news right now,” I spoke haltingly, trying to get my waterworks under control. 
Thankfully, Gideon handled my embarrassment gracefully. He held out his arm to me once more and 
said, “Shall we take a walk?” 
The last of my tears dried on my cheeks as we strolled down the garden paths. Night had fallen, and there was the croaking of frogs in the ornamental ponds, and the occasional bass hoot of a great horned owl deep in the nearby forest. It was peaceful, and I felt that peace settling into my bones. 
Gideon, too, appeared to be in a more low-energy state as we wandered aimlessly, enjoying the gardens. His arm beneath mine was sturdy, and he matched my pace as we walked. 
1/2 
Chapter 205 
+25 Bonus 
Finally, he broke our companionable silence, “Reynaud intentionally tried to strike at the things he knew would bother me the most,” he said quietly, as though we were resuming an earlier conversation, “He knew enough about my past to know that losing control of my wolf would be upsetting to me…” 
I didn’t say anything. It felt as though Gideon needed to get this off his chest, and I wanted to give him the space and silence to do so. 
“He also knew that taking you away from me would hurt me as well.” 
His words fell into the space between us and rippled outwards, sending shockwaves through me. Was it true? Not only that Reynaud would try and hurt Gideon in this way, but that it was even possible that my absence could have such an emotional impact? 
I stared at Gideon in shock. I didn’t know what to say. 
“Well, I’m sure he knew that the loss of any Alpha’s Luna would strike a nerve,” I gave a low laugh, downplaying the admission. 
“It’s more than that,” Gideon stopped walking and turned to face me. His hand lingered under mine, and he stared down at me with a fervent and intense expression that made butterflies flutter in my stomach,” He knew what you meant… to me…” he seemed to be having trouble finding the right words. 
Finally he lapsed into silence, though he continued to stare at me with an unguarded expression that kindled flames deep in my core. 
Suddenly, in the back of my mind, I felt the vivid presence of my wolf, staring back at Gideon through my eyes. I heard the passionate and fierce rumble of her voice in my mind. 
“He is our mate.” 2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 209
Chapter 209 
Avery’s POV 
Startled by my wolf’s voice in my mind, I could only stare as Gideon moved closer, his arms sliding around me gently. 
Part of my brain was tracking his movements, off-handedly wondering if he was going to try to kiss me. Normally I might have been thrilled by such a development. After all, I still had my suspicions that he was the man who had slept with me the last time I was here. 
But the other part of my brain was reeling from what my wolf had revealed. That she considered Gideon 
her mate-our mate. 
What did that mean? That she wanted Gideon? That my wolf called to his and vice versa? Was she aware that I had already been marked by someone else? 2 
Other than the initial pronouncement, “He is our mate,” my wolf offered no further information. She went ?ilent, despite my prodding for more information, but I could still feel her lurking. 
I felt shocked, and utterly distracted, as Gideon’s body pressed up against mine. Was his wolf saying something similar, and that’s why he was moving close? 
I tilted my head up, searching Gideon’s face with my eyes. What was he thinking? His eyes seemed slightly unfocused as his face bent towards mine. 
Was he really going to kiss me 
Alarm bells were going off in my mind. I wanted to just enjoy this moment, to let Gideon’s against mine and succumb to whatever this was. It even felt fitting after the last 24 hour worry and confessions. 
And yet I found I couldn’t just close my eyes and let this moment happen. I still couldn’t believe happening! That Gideon really wanted me in that way. 
What did that mean for our relationship? All his statements that this was just professional and that I shouldn’t hope for more? Was he just feeling territorial after Reynaud had tried to take me from him? Was this some attempt to mark me as his? 
And what would happen to Dierdra if I allowed this to happen? Had Gideon finally started to believe what I had suspected ever since our wedding? That she was not actually his true mate? 
Even if he was starting to believe that, Dierdra was pregnant with his child! Was he now willing to abandon her anyways? How could I let that happen? 
How could I let this kiss happen? 
All of these thoughts raced through my mind as he drew me to him and went to kiss me. Now I raised my hands between us and softly placed them on Gideon’s chest, halting his forward motion. 
1/2 
Chapter 209 
+25 Bonus 
Words pooled in my mouth, as Gideon froze. I had so much I wanted to say. To explain. 
That I had deep respect for the skills he had shown me as Alpha. That I didn’t want to hurt him, or cause him pain. 
That my wolf wanted him. 
And yet I couldn’t bring myself to speak. I felt so conflicted about revealing what my wolf had said.. and that he wouldn’t believe me. Would he think that I was just making up a story to try and bind him to me? 
No, it was better for this situation to never even happen. I could see Gideon’s face flicker with emotions- surprise, hurt, sadness, and then he shuttered his expression and I could no longer sense his feelings at all. 
I felt my own heart sinking deeper into my chest as my own walls rose up around it. I wanted to badly to become Gideon’s wife in deed as well as name. I wanted to know that he wanted me… but not like this. 
First I needed some real communication, about where we were headed, and what we each needed. I just couldn’t enter into no-man’s territory so blindly. 1 
“I can’t,” I gasped, leaning backwards out of his arms, “I’m sorry.” 
Gideon released me, took a step back. Before he could ask me a question I wasn’t ready to answer, I turned and hurried back up the garden path towards the Council Estate house. 
I felt so full of conflicting emotions that I wondered if I would fall apart before I even made it to my room. 
It felt as though there were so many competing forces warring in my chest. The part of me that w 
to be back down there in the garden, being kissed by the powerful Alpha I had agreed to serve… 
And then there was my true self. The conscientious wife and daughter who wasn’t willing to compromise her honor just because some man showed interest. I had goals, very real goals, that I needed to accomplish no matter what. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 210
Chapter 210 
+25 Bonus 
The rescue of my mother was at the top of my list. Gideon had said he had a plan, I needed to know that he would follow through with it before I willingly allowed our relationship to proceed further. 1 
Gideon’s POV 
I sensed Avery pulling away emotionally even before she raised her hands to halt me. There was something in her eyes that had gone unfocused and panicked. She had stiffened, the easy pliability of her body becoming hard and unyielding. 
Was it because she rejected my advances? And yet, only a few weeks back, she had been quite enthusiastic as she welcomed me into her bed… and into her body. (1) 
What had changed since that time? She had told me about Reynaud and the offer he had made her, but perhaps there was someone or something else she hadn’t chosen to reveal. I wondered if there was yet another person she cared about but wasn’t telling me. 1 
I knew I shouldn’t feel hurt by her rebuffal, but up until this point, we had been riding the momentum of our victory in the Council chambers. A problematic Alpha had been put in his place, significantly reducing his powerful voice in the eyes of Wolven society. 
Avery had been a pivotal part of that plan, and she had played her role to perfection. I had wanted to kiss her when she had spoken up in front of the council. She had been so self-assured, and had delivered her condemnation of Reynaud in a strong and ringing voice that had instantly convinced many of her rectitude. 
She was gorgeous when she was full in her power. A worthy Luna for any man. I knew she had felt the pull as well, the looks and smiles that had passed between us had brightened my heart and scattered shadows that had gathered long ago. 
And then she had claimed me for a dance, scattering the other women who had tried to usurp her. I remembered how she had looked in that moment, her chin raised haughtily, and her eyes flashing as she 
claimed me as her own. 
It had reminded me of the confidence with which she had claimed me in other ways. The night that we had sex here. Her enthusiasm had awoken my own desire, and overrode my own conflicting feelings 
towards Dierdra, my mate. 
Not for the first time, I wondered how it was possible to feel so empty when I was near my ‘true mate’. The accounts of other wolves who were mated made it sound as though the mate bond was incredibly powerful, tying their souls together in a way that was impossible to describe. 
But when I was with Dierdra, I mostly felt… burdened. She was incessant in her demands and expectations, and it felt as though she was never satisfied by my attempts to prove that I was present 
and desired her. 
Instead, it was Avery who had quickened my desire once more on this trip. I found my eyes seeking her figure from across the room, and I felt my jealousy spike when I saw other Alphas notice her. There was 
1/2 
Chapter 210 
+25 Bonus 
a part of me that wanted nothing more than to sling her over my shoulder and haul her back to our pack quarters to continue what we had started on our last trip. 
The night I had never acknowledged or admitted to her. (1) 
I knew my silence on the subject had thrown her into consternation. I knew that I was being cruel on some level by not openly naming myself as her silent lover, but pride made me think that she should have known it was me, and was injured that she harbored such doubts. 1 
How could she not remember, when I remembered every moment? The curve of her calf in the moonlight, the way her back had arched in pleasure, the soft, breathy noises she had made in my arms as her climax had approached, the way she clenched around me, a velvet glove, as pleasure washed over us both… 
It felt irreverent to drag these moments into the light of day with someone as inelegant as words. I wanted only to relive them with hands and mouth and body. 
The silence between us had stretched too far. She had murmured some apology and rushed away, lost 
to me once more. 
I watched her beautiful figure disappear towards the house and felt as though she carried my heart off with her. 
2/2 
Chapter 21) 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 211
Chapter 211 
Dierdra’s POV 
Avery and Gideon returned from the Alpha Ball in the middle of the night, but I didn’t see Gideon until the next day. 
He declined to come to my room. 
When I went to greet him in his office the next morning, his door was closed and I could hear conversation inside. I knocked, and Avery stepped out. She fixed me with a cool smile, but didn’t anything other than, “I’ll report back,” to Gideon before wandering down the hall and out of sight. 
I ducked into Gideon’s office with a slow-building panic in my stomach. 
say 
“I missed you,” I said, and it was somewhat truthful, “You didn’t come to bed when you got home.” 
Gideon was powerful, and easy on the eyes, and when he was around I had a focus for my fractious nature. He helped center me, in that when he was around, I always knew where my target was. 
When he was gone, I had felt somewhat aimless and drifting. With both him and Avery gone, there had been no one to anchor my schemes. 
“I didn’t want to wake you. You need all the rest you can get,” Gideon explained, but his eyes wouldn’t meet mine, and I had a sneaking suspicion something else was going on. 
The next few days this sensation intensified. It was hard to put my finger on, but Avery and Gideon seemed closer somehow. More deferential and respectful towards each other. 
Even more concerning was the way in which Gideon seemed to be carving more time out of his schedule for Avery, including scheduling over long-standing appointments I had with him. 
When I questioned the new itinerary, he said that he wanted to make sure that Avery was performing he Luna duties adequately, but there seemed to be more to it than that. He had a number of papers scattered across his desk at times, that he seemed to put away when I entered his office. 
All of these things were subtle, and maybe I was reading too much into it, but I had been a survivor for too long not to trust my senses when they were tingling, and right now my intuition was telling me that something else was going on. 
Concerned, I scheduled an emergency meeting with Zara and the Rogue King. At least with Gideon canceling our meetings, I had more time to sneak away while he was preoccupied. I hopped in a pack car and took off for the cabin in the woods that had become our de facto rendezvous-vous spot. 
“You need to keep a tighter leash on your man,” was the first thing Zara said to me. She recounted the events of the Alpha Council, “Gideon has been playing you for a fool, and you’ve been so preoccupied with your fake pregnancy that you never even noticed!” 
Next to her the Rogue King looked equally irritated. Apparently this Reynaud had been taking his money to stir up trouble in the packs, and now he was missing a return on his investment. 
1/2 
Chapter 211 
+25 Bonus 
“So Avery somehow went in there as Reynaud’s doxy, and came out as the Luna of the hour?” I raised my voice in an outraged squeak. 
“It was no accident, mind you,” Zara spat, “Gideon was grooming her in ways we hadn’t suspected. She was supposed to be ripe to turn on him, but instead he came out stronger than ever.” 
The atmosphere in the room was sour and frosty. 
“So do we take her out now?” I turned to Zara eagerly, “If she is as important to Gideon’s position in the eyes of the Council as you say, wouldn’t her removal from the playing field be a blow to his power?” 
I saw Zara’s eyes gleam at my suggestion, she had no love for her half-sister, and she was all too willing to make sure that she was permanently taken out of the picture, if for no other reason than that her husband and mate had an inordinate desire to chase down Avery, his old ex. 
“No,” The Rogue King’s tone was harsh and snapped like a switch across us both, “Anyone who harms Avery will face the same from me in turn.” 
Not only did he speak vehemently, but the full force of his Alpha strength was behind the command, and I was already nodding in obedience before he even finished speaking. Annoyed, I grimaced at him as he crossed the cabin to stare pointedly at Zara from a few feet away. 
“Avery is not for you to deal with. She is mine, understand?” His voice resounded with power, and even Zara blanched as she tried to meet his one-eyed gaze. Eyepatch or no, he had grown in power undeniably, and the wolves within us both were cowed by his consummate authority. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
X 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 212
Chapter 212 
+25 Bonus 
Concern flowed over me. After all, if the Rogue King decided that Avery was paramount to his plans, that must make Zara and I relatively more expendable. If he decided to do away with one or both of us instead, there would be little I could do to stop him. 
Did I need to watch my back? 
If Reynaud had lost a powerful ally on the Council, then he would need Zara and I more than ever. I just had to continue to ensure that I was indispensable to him and his plans. 
Still, the Rogue King’s fixation on Avery made me feel uneasy, like I had a target on my back. If it came down to saving me or her, it was pretty obvious how he would choose. I had agreed to this plan to try and secure myself a place in a powerful pack, and the way the situation had been presented, it had sounded like it would be the easiest thing in the world. Just seduce Gideon, and manufacture the situation so that Avery was ousted and the Rogue King could snap her up for himself. 
But although I had been somewhat successful, Avery was still a thorn in my side. While I had her doing her weeks of punishment, I had thought we were winning. Surely, I thought, Gideon will soon divorce her and we can move on for good. 
Now, in a sudden stroke, all that had reversed. Avery was restored to Luna, and it sounded like she had even earned social capital in the eyes of the Wolven elite. Furthermore, I had badly misjudged Gideon’s true feelings towards her. 
He had fooled me. 
I would not give him another chance to do so again. 
As I drove back to Nightwolf pack, I was troubled about the sudden increase in power I had felt from Rogue King. I would have thought that all these setbacks would have caused his aura to diminish, but the exact opposite was true. 
So what was the source of this surge in his power? Alphas gained in strength from the number of warriors and powerful wolves in their pack. The most powerful Alphas were strong because their packs were large, but also because they had to be powerful enough to keep all those enormous personalities in check. 
When you saw an Alpha of a large pack, you were dealing with a wolf who was orders of magnitude stronger than your average werewolf. They needed to be, to enforce the sort of absolute loyalty and obedience that was required. 
By the reckoning of ancient pack laws, someone like the Rogue King shouldn’t even have been able to exist. He didn’t have a traditional pack, or village, or other base of Wolven souls that had pledged obedience to him. 
His warriors seemed to be primarily wastrels, vagabonds, and outlaws. Not the sort of crew you would ordinarily associate with organized power. 
1/2 
Chapter 212 
+25 Bonus 
As I pulled into the pack driveway, I was so lost in my thoughts that I barely noticed Avery standing under a nearby tree until I was already halfway to the pack house. 
“Have a nice meeting with your co-conspirators,” she asked, and it took all I had not to jump out of my skin at the accusation. I schooled my expression into one of haughty non chalance and shrugged. 
“My affairs are none of your business,” I said coolly, but I was inwardly cursing that I hadn’t come up with an alibi in advance. The Rogue King had gotten in my head and my thoughts had been focused on the immediate threat from outside, not the enemy within. 
Avery’s smile widened, “Are you sure about that? Gideon was looking for you, and seemed upset when you were nowhere to be found. Better watch out, Dierdra, your disguise is slipping.” 
“Gideon will never turn on me,” I said with more confidence than I felt, “I have his trust, and more importantly, I am carrying his child.” I ran a hand over my fake baby bump to try and emphasize the ruse but to my disappointment, Avery didn’t so much as flinch at the reminder of what I had that she did not. 
“Excellent point,” she followed me as I tried to push past her on my way up to the pack house, “I am sure that Gideon will be doubly interested in where you went with his pup, when you’re supposed to be on bed rest… Shall we go talk to him together?” 
“Listen here, bitch,” I whirled on her, “You don’t know who you are messing with…” 
For the first time since I had come to this pack, she stepped up to my face in response. 
“Neither do you,” Avery said with a quiet menace I had never heard her voice carry before. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 213
Chapter 213 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
Catching Dierdra coming back from what was clearly some sort of escapade was like Christmas come early. She had a dodgy, distracted look about her when she got out of the pack vehicle in the parking lot, and she had jumped when I had cornered her on the path. 
Now she tried to gesture at her baby bump as a method of getting me to back off. However, even her own attempts to appeal to my higher nature were hindered by the doubt on her face. 
It was like she didn’t even believe it herself. 
For the first time I took a long hard look at her body, at the swelling of her stomach under her dress. Was it possible that she was faking her pregnancy? Or at least… over-emphasizing it? 
It made me sick. I held the strong opinion that pups and their mothers should be protected and given comfort, but I also could never use a child of my own as a bargaining chip or a shield. It was our job to protect the defenseless, not hide behind them. 
Dierdra’s repeated efforts to use her pregnancy as a deterrent was disgusting. 
“Listen here, bitch,” she whined at me, “You don’t know who you are messing with…” 
“Neither do you,” I said, getting in her face, “Just how long do you think you can keep up this charade? There will come a time, soon, when all your lies are going to be revealed.” 
She scoffed at my warning, but I saw a hint of real fear in her eyes. I doubted it was because of my words, so it must be something else. Or someone else. 
Had her meeting not gone well? 
“Yeah, well, you have plenty of secrets yourself!” Dierdra spat back, “You act so high and mighty, but you’re just as bad as I am.” 
I just blinked at her. 
“I have only ever tried to behave as a good Luna,” I said matter-of-factly, “I have made mistakes, but I learned from them. Whatever bad things have happened to you, they were a result of your own choices. You know that, right?” 
Dierdra didn’t like this response, and her stained lips lifted away from her teeth in a snarl, showing her sharp canines. She was going half feral. Whatever had gotten under her skin must have really shaken 
her. 
Rarely had I seen her this distractible and susceptible to criticism, 
“You haven’t even tried to be a good Luna!” I continued, pointing my finger at her chest, “No wonder the pack has been complaining! All you do is take, you never give back.” 
1/2 
Chapter 213 
+25 Bonus 
“And why shouldn’t I?” Dierdra snarled back, “No one’s ever given me anything for free! If I have learned to look out for myself, it’s only because I had to!” 
She flexed her fingers at her sides, looking as though she wanted to try and slice at my face. 
A part of me hoped she would try. I would have loved the opportunity to try and put her down in her place. 
“Your attitude towards pack law is dangerous,” I growled, “and you must know that Gideon will not let it go much farther.” 
Dierdra blinked as though my words were projectiles bouncing off of her head. This time when she growled a response, her wolf shone behind her eyes, a flash of yellow. Was she really that close to losing control? Or was she just trying to bait me into attacking her first so that she could get Gideon to punish me again? 
Unfortunately for Dierdra, my wolf saw hers as a threat, and I felt her move to the forefront of my mind, staring out of my eyes in return. When I spoke again, it was my wolf’s power that rolled through my voice, a pure note of dominance. 
“STOP LYING,” I/my wolf commanded, and Dierdra’s eyes dropped to the ground immediately. It was an automatic and instinctual submissive act, and both of us appeared surprised when it happened. Dierdra’s lips parted in a gasp and a second later her eyes flicked back up to mine in shock. 
We stared at each other in a long, silent clash of wills. Each of our wolves battling for dominance, our internal strength in direct opposition. 
“Tell me what you were doing at Silvermoon,” I snapped, “Confess to what you’ve been planning!” 
For a moment, Dierdra’s mouth opened to speak, then she slapped her hands over her mouth and turned pale white. She had nearly succumbed to my Luna command. 
Instead of obeying, she turned and fled. Her wolf was panicking, and so she ran away. 
I watched her go with satisfaction. Of course, it would have been better if I could have gotten her to confess to her misdeeds, but it had still been a useful moment. Now she knew my wolf had gotten stronger. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
? 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 214
Chapter 214 
She would not be able to bully me agam 
Gdeon’s POV 
I stared out the window of my office and watched the distant shape of very disappearing down torente the village. A few moments later I saw Dientre stalking up the walk to the pack fouse was chuck o for the first time, by the way these two women seemed to represent two sides of the same cum 
Both were important to me, and I wanted to try and resolve some of the tension that was perpetually present between them. If Avery was continuing on as Luna, then I needed Dentre to be willing to assent 
dret 
So far, I hadn’t been able to get them to reconcile fher differences. To be honest, I had my own difficulties with letting the past stay in the past. My trip with Avery had made it even harder to return to Dierdre and I felt ashamed about what I had almost let faopen 
every had filed from my kiss. A part of me was still angry that she had rejected me, while a more rational part of my mind said that it was for the best. Dierdre was my mate, and I genuinely had nothing to apologize for now. I had broken no caths, and crossed no lines. 
But then didn’t mean I didn’t wish I had. 
Avery and I had kept a respectable distance for the rest of the time we were at the Abia Council estate. it was hard not to try and get close to her. The relative privacy we had compare to here in the village, was indulgent. 
Avery was the one who had maintained the professional facade, and after a life while, we fell into a comfortable working relationship that reminded me of the first few weeks she had spent in our pack, when I had her working as my assistant 
She had a calm and capable manner, and was willing to tackle anything. Working on pack business with her was fun. I wasn’t used to it feeling that way. 
And I could tell that Dierdra felt hurt to have been left behind, and to now experience the sensation of being an outsider in our business. She didn’t openly complain, but I saw more than a few expressions of insecurity on her face. She was worried about what might happen, or had happened, between us. 
If I left both to their own devices, they were likely to end up at each others throats again. I decided to ask my family to plan a luncheon and invited both of them to show up. 
“She’s at the end of her rope,” Avery said with misgivings, when I informed her about the luncheon, “1 suspect she will do something rash and reckless if you push her too far.” 
I wasn’t sure exactly what she was talking about, but I tried to soothe her worries regardless. 
“Do you remember that potion I made for you on our wedding night?” 
I raised my eyebrow. I remembered many things about our wedding night. Often. 
Chptr 314 
+25 Bonus 
The way Avery had appeared in my room in a decadent black dress. 
The way she had kissed me, as though her life depended on it. 
Oh, and I supposed she had said something incoherent about Dierdra’s mark being fake and had given. me a vial of some potion she had made. 
I suddenly remembered that I had left it on my side table, and then later pushed it into one drawer or 
another. 
“What about it?” I asked. 
“Just… maybe keep it handy,” was all Avery would say, pressing her lips together. It was obvious that she still had suspicions about my mate, but she had learned that I wasn’t willing to indulge her baseless 
accusations. 
Still, when I watched both of them walk into the luncheon and sit on either side of me, I felt the small hard bulge in my pocket. 
I wasn’t sure exactly why I had bothered to find the vial from that night so many weeks ago. I didn’t like the idea that any potion or substance could reveal secrets. The truth was a slippery thing, too subjective. 
I had other ways of extracting information, and they had served me for far longer than Avery’s alchemical 
experiments. 
So, as we all sat down to eat, my family on either side of me and both women I cared for at the ta took a moment to fix them both with my most stern Alpha look and asked into the suddenly tens 
atmosphere, 
“Does anyone have anything they wish to confess?” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 215
Chapter 215 
Avery’s POV 
“Does anyone have anything they wish to confess?” 
Gideon said the words in a low voice, the way one might discuss the weather, or a favorite sports team, but the intent behind them carried all the weight of a masked man carrying a baseball bat. 
The effect on the table was immediate. Everyone went stock still, as though continuing to move would be to confess guilt. We all looked at each other, trying to figure out who Gideon was talking to, and what he already knew that we did not. 
As possibly the only person at the table who had already confessed their dark secrets to Gideon recently, I was the only one who continued sipping my lemonade while my eyes shifted pointedly towards Dierdra. 
If there was ever a guiltier wolf, I had yet to meet her, but although Dierdra turned slightly pale, she did a passable imitation of innocence, and I admit, I was a little impressed. 
Gideon scared the shit out of me, and I hadn’t even done anything to warrant his wrath. How much more terrifying it must be for someone like Dierdra who was actively colluding with the enemy and pretending 
to be the dutiful mate and mother? 
Interestingly enough, Gideon’s family did not exactly look as though their consciences were clear either? There was rather a lot of throat clearing and nervous shuffling happening from his parents and sister as 
well. 
Perhaps they particularly disliked being reminded of who was in charge? 
Still, no one spoke up. No dark confessions spilled out on the table. 
As though this was what he expected, Gideon gave a mirthless smile and said, “This is your one chance at mercy,” to no one in particular, though his eyes roved around the table as he spoke, “If I find out that anyone has lied to me, and has not chosen to confess, then know this…” 
“I will destroy you.” 
He said the words with that same smile that didn’t meet his eyes. I knew I should feel a thrill of fear, and I did feel a tingle in my spine as his eyes landed on me, but the heat that bloomed within me at his glance was anything but fear. 
Why did my body have to respond in this way, NOW? 
I blushed and stared down at the table, remembering how he had almost kissed me in the garden. 
What would happen, I wondered, if I confessed that instead? I stifled a giggle thinking about Dierdra’s 
reaction. 
Probably not a great idea, but there were other ways a girl could have fun. 
1/2 
Chapter 215 
+25 Bonus 
So instead of confessing that her mate had been on the verge of cheating with his wife, I spent the majority of the next thirty minutes trying to push Dierdra over the edge. 
I had my suspicions that her pregnancy was not real. It would be hard to prove, however, and so I wanted to do some subtle probing first. 
“My mother mentioned that when she was pregnant with me, she was ultra-sensitive to the smell of fish,” I said, offhandedly, as I watched Dierdra pick up a tuna sandwich. 
“Oh yes,” Gideon’s mother seemed happy to have a change of subject, “When I was pregnant with… Gideon’s brother,” she stumbled over the mention of her son who had been exiled, but rallied, “I couldn’t even be in the same building as the kitchens. There were too many smells that would set me off, and I made sure to never be too far from the wash room in case.” 
“It’s so nice that you don’t seem to be having any such side effects?” I gave Dierdra a too-wide smile, and inwardly laughed as she slowly put down her food with a grimace. 
“Are you sleeping well, dear?” Camila asked courteously. Now that we were on the topic, it seemed like the others had some questions as well. 
“Oh yes, just fine!” Dierdra laughed nervously, “Why wouldn’t I?” 
Gideon’s mother frowned, “Well then you’re lucky. Most women have a lot of trouble sleeping in the early stages of pregnancy. You’re tired all the time, of course, but then there’s a lot of insomnia too…” 
“Oh!” Dierdra’s eyes slid towards Gideon, and she gave a shaky smile, “Well, I’m just lucky I gue 
“I guess so…” I echoed her words, “How fortunate to be pregnant and yet have none of the s pregnancy.” 
When her gaze narrowed at me, I smiled and said, “Simply miraculous…” 
“…” she started to snap at me, then with a jolt seemed to remember where she was, and shut her mouth. 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 216
Chapter 216 
“Yes, Dierdra?” I coaxed, “Got something to confess?” 
Down the table, Gideon’s head shot up, and he fixed his ‘mate’ with an amber-eyed stare. 
“… need to go to the ladies’ room,” Dierdra said primly, though there was white showing around the edges of her mouth, and she dropped her napkin on the floor when she stood. 
Perhaps, I thought, it was because her ‘stomach’ wasn’t really hers. 
“I’ll go with you,” Camila jumped up. For a moment it looked like Dierdra might protest, especially when I chimed in with, “Me too,” but she set off for the bathroom with her fists clenched and both of us in tow. 
When she emerged from the single stall washroom, she seemed more put-together, as though she’d had a chance to regain her composure. 
When Camila closed the door between us, she hissed, “I won’t be bullied by you any longer!” at me. I just raised my eyebrows at her and waited, hoping it made her nervous. 
“What’s that?” Camila stepped back out a few minutes later, “Did you say something about Avery bullying 
you?” 
Dierdra’s mouth gaped open. I guess she had underestimated Camila’s hearing. 
“Avery was just celebrating your pregnancy,” Camila frowned, “You’re the one who’s been acting so strangely!” 
Bright spots of pink appeared on Dierdra’s cheeks. I shot a look at Camila, trying to figure out what h goal was, but she was busy drying her hands. We all returned to the luncheon table together. 
Shortly afterwards, Dierdra began complaining of pain. I should have expected it, when she had left for the bathroom, that she was trying to find a way to plot her next move, but she must have been thwarted when Camila and I had come along with. No doubt she had planned to dramatically collapse in the stall 
or something. 
Still, she gripped at her midsection, scrunched her face up, and pointed at me. 
“Avery has done something to harm my baby!” she moaned. 
Chaos erupted at her accusation. I raised my hands in innocence. 
“I would not do such a thing,” I said firmly. 
“How would Avery have done that?” Camila questioned, looking exasperated, “That doesn’t make sense.” 
I was grateful for her comments, even more so when Dierdra said, “She must have poisoned my food somehow!” and doubled over with a moan. 
Camila and Gideon’s mother shared a look of surprise, then grim expressions as Gideon’s mother said, But dear, we were the ones who put the luncheon together at Gideon’s request, not Avery…” 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
Confronted with this inconvenient truth, Dierdra looked pained, beyond what her imaginary cramps might confer. 
“I’ll help take Dierdra for a full medical checkup,” I announced, standing up, “Better to be certain that nothing’s wrong.” 
“I’ll come with you,” Gideon stood as well, moving quickly to Dierdra’s side. His face was concerned, his movements considerate, but there was also a small tic pulsing at the corner of his jaw. 
Perhaps Gideon had his doubts as well. 
With the two of us with her every step of the way, Dierdra was cornered. She seemed as though she wanted to downplay her actions, and say it was a false alarm, but Gideon wouldn’t hear it and she had no choice but to follow through with her charade. 
We drove to the hospital in tense silence, and once there, Gideon demanded the best doctor the hospital had in such matters. When she arrived, I saw it was a different doctor than the person Dierdra had attending her the first time. Dierdra looked white-faced as we all trooped up to her room and the doctor took some bloodwork and did some exams behind the curtain. 
I guessed that with a new doctor, and Gideon in the room the entire time, Dierdra didn’t have any opportunity to try and bribe the physician to follow along with her false narrative any longer. 
We were all sitting in her hospital room, mutely, when the doctor returned. Gideon was pacing, Dierdra was laying looking pale and tragic in the bed, and I was full of nervous energy. 
The woman entered with a frown, flipping through the papers in her hand as though she hers believe what she was seeing. 
“I’m so sorry, Alpha,” she finally said, shaking her head in disbelief, “But I regret to inform you that t woman isn’t pregnant.” 
Gideon swung to stare at her in disbelief, as the doctor continued. 
“In fact, according to this bloodwork, she never was…” 1 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 217
Chapter 217 
Gideon’s POV 
Honestly, I hadn’t expected Avery to be right. 
It wasn’t that I didn’t trust her. 
It was more that I didn’t trust anyone. 
Before the luncheon, when Avery had given me the warning about Dierdra’s instability, I had chalked it up to something more subtle. Dierdra being upset at our new working situation, for example. I had thought she was trying to tell me that I might need to work to keep things in balance, or Dierdra would act out and destabilize the new equilibrium that we had forged. 
It never crossed my mind to doubt that she was truly pregnant. If I hadn’t been able to scent the pup she carried, I chalked it up to our relationship being somewhat unconventional and stifled. After all, I had trouble feeling the mate bond with Dierdra as well, but she had been a rogue, and everyone knew that sometimes it took a while for rogues to truly integrate with pack dynamics such as Alpha bonds. 
All of those things had run through my head as the chaos of the luncheon increased. At first I thought that my inquisition calling out falsehoods had set Dierdra, and my family on edge. 
Understandable, it was meant to. 
But then Dierdra began to grow more agitated, and a small spark at the back of my mind flared to a flame. 
What if she was behaving erratically because she was living a lie? 
Her strange behavior and terse responses to the conversation at the table made me grow more and contemplative. 
I had made it crystal clear that I would not forgive anyone who continued to lie to me after I gave them a chance at clemency. The threat was two-fold. It was meant to make the consequences obvious, and to flush out those who might have minor grievances and falsehoods. 
Those happened quite often in a large and powerful pack. The power dynamics at play meant that some level of conflict was inevitable. The best Alphas anticipated and bulwarked against it. 
A wolf functioning within the pack hierarchy would surrender when challenged by their Alpha. They knew that to do otherwise was to court their own destruction. That was the core essentialism of ‘pack’, that there was some room for deviance, but when your Alpha commanded you, your obedience was absolute. 
Therefore, anyone who persisted in maintaining a deception after having been given the opportunity for a merciful absolution, was acting against both their own best interest, and that of the pack as a whole. 
Truthfully, I had suspected Dierdra of being guilty of some low-level infringement. Bullying, or somesuch. The sort of behavior that was considered unsavory in a Luna, but which could be forgiven when she was so young and pregnant as well. 
1/2 
Chapter 217 
+25 Bonus 
At first, when she declined to speak, I felt relief. 
Then, as the luncheon continued and her body language grew more tense, I grew concerned. 
There were very few crimes I could think of that would prompt that level of mendacity. She carried the scent of fear, and she didn’t immediately throw herself at my feet and on my mercy. 
Therefore, it must be something quite severe, I deduced. 
I was about to deliver a lancet of questioning, when she excused herself. I watched Camila and Avery go with her, and pondered what it all possibly could herald. 
Then she returned and began to complain about pains in her abdomen and my concern rocketed. It was enough to push my vague suspicions to the side, for the moment at least. That was my pup she carried, or so I thought, and I would do anything to make sure they were all right. 
I felt grateful when Avery suggested a medical visit. I had been about to suggest the same. This was an area I knew little about, and it was a relief to place her in the hands of the best doctor in the local hospital. 
I was grateful for Avery’s presence as well. Throughout it all she gave off the aura I expected from a competent Luna-she was calm, collected, and anchored me when Dierdra had shut me out. My mate refused to even look at me. 
At first I assumed it was because Dierdra was afraid, and I wanted to reassure her, but found myself holding back for a reason I couldn’t comprehend. 
Her distance emotionally made me spend those hours waiting re-examining our relationship. reliving all of our moments of affection and closeness that I thought were genuine, and trying to them through the lens of an outsider. 
Then the doctor came and gave her final diagnosis and it was as though all of those pleasant memories flatlined in my memory as my vision grew red with fury. 
Now I understand what it was she had been hiding from me, but for the life of me, I couldn’t understand why she would have deceived me in such a way. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 218
Chapter 218 
I whirled on my heel to face my deceitful mate and struggled through gritted teeth to grind out what I had to say to her. 
“You have one chance-one chance only- to explain to me why you lied about this.” 
Avery’s POV 
As much as I had hoped for this day to come, it was still extraordinarily painful watching realization break over Gideon’s face. 
I felt vindicated in my suspicions, but as I watched Dierdra’s house of cards collapse around them both, I had the thought that if I could have spared Gideon this pain, I would have. 
He still had no idea how deep her deception went. I could tell. 
A part of me wanted to let the illusion persist. As Dierdra stumbled into a clumsy explanation about how she had thought she was pregnant and then when she discovered she wasn’t, she had been too scared to tell Gideon for fear that he would hate her… it was painful to listen to the continued lies pouring from her lips in a torrent, and even more painful to watch Gideon swallowing them with the look of a man who wanted to believe. 
He wanted to believe that she had done this thing for love. Misguided, yes, but the tale Dierdra was spinning was one where she was still playing the maiden who was so eager to please that she hadn’t wanted to admit the truth to him, or to herself. 
I knew the depth of her manipulation. He didn’t. He didn’t want to even consider it. 
And wouldn’t it be kinder to leave it where it lay? To let him struggle on for a time, still believing tha mate’ was naive, but kind-hearted. 
No. 
As much as I wanted to give him that mercy, I knew the truth. That poison would fester unless it was totally cleaned out. 
My love for Gideon made me want to maintain the convenient coverup, but my respect for him as my husband and Alpha meant that I could not do so. 
“Gideon,” I said softly as I rose to my feet. 
Dierdra’s words stopped mid-flow, and her eyes took on a new haunting expression. I genuinely think she had forgotten I was there, so engrossed had she been in spinning her new web of lies for Gideon. 
All it took was one look from me and she knew. 
She knew that I was going to tear it all down now. 
In swift steps, I leaped across the room and seized the satchel she had carried as a purse. 
1/2 
Chapter 218 
+25 Bonus 
“No!” Dierdra screamed, as I snatched it up a second before her hand clawed the air where it had been. 
I upended the bag on the bed, and out poured pieces of paper. 
“What is this?” Gideon said, picking one up. Then his eyes fixed on the words and he read silently. First one note, then the next. Then the next. 
I knew what he was seeing. Notes addressed from the Rogue King, and from my half-sister. Notes that instructed Dierdra on what to do next. Notes that asked her to send them information about Nightwolf Pack-our military strength, deployments, Gideon’s schedule, my location… 
After our encounter in the parking lot, I knew that I needed to find more proof. There was no way that Dierdra was depending on finding her way offsite to meet the Rogue King every time they needed to strategize. There had to be another way they were exchanging information. 
After a bit of searching, I had found it. The stash of notes that Dierdra kept in her satchel, and which she should have burned earlier. I wondered why she had bothered to keep them. 
“How long have you been in contact with our enemies” Gideon’s voice was rising as Dierdra shrunk beneath the hospital sheet. 
“Silvermoon Pack are our allies…” she protested weakly, “I wasn’t doing anything wrong…” 
It was obvious from Gideon’s face that he wasn’t buying it, and she quickly changed tactics. 
“I just missed you so much,” Dierdra let out a sob, “and I was lonely when you were gone. Rea had been around and spent more time with me, I wouldn’t have felt so bad!” 
Gideon’s eyes narrowed to black slits, “You are my mate. I have always tried to treat you fairly, obvious that in doing so I trusted you further than I should have!” 
6 
“I did it all for you! To make you happy!” Dierdra yelled, “I was afraid you would leave me!” 
Furious, Gideon turned his back on her and stalked out of the room. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 219
Chapter 219 
Avery’s POV 
The ride back to Nightwolf Village was tense in every imaginable sense of the word. We had all come in a single car, and Gideon did not call for another, but he directed Dierdra to sit up front with the driver and he sat in the back with me. 
“I trust you can survive the trip back without any further ‘medical emergencies,” he had growled in a tone that was utterly terrifying as he shut her door behind her. 
The whole way back, I watched Gideon out of the corner of my eye. He said nothing further. His face was cold and impenetrable, none of the emotions that had been on display in Dierdra’s hospital room were still in evidence. 
It was as though he had fully retreated into himself and only his mask remained. 
I admired his skill. 
At the same time, I pitied him. How terrible to discover that someone you considered your true mate had knowingly betrayed you. 
I could relate all too well. 
I held his silence as companionably as I could, it was the best support I could offer with Dierdra still in the car, though my fingers kept wanting to creep towards his on the seat between us. 
I wanted him to know that he wasn’t alone. 
Perhaps some of that intention did get through. Shortly before we arrived back home he turned to look at me and gave a grim smile. 
I watched in painful solidarity as he got out of the car and explained to his family the confusing news. That Dierdra was no longer pregnant… and that she never had been. 
Consternation flooded through their faces as they processed this development. 
Through it all, Gideon made Dierdra remain beside him. She faintly asked to be excused to their rooms. 
“Why?” Gideon sneered, “You have no medical condition that would require such.” 
Even I flinched at his glacial tone. He was more angry than I had ever seen him. None of his fury had faded since the scene in the hospital room. 
Before Dierdra could come up with another way to be excused from the pitying and accusatory looks from Gideon’s family, Gideon announced, 
“I will call a pack meeting for tomorrow. In the meantime, make it known that Avery is fully reinstated as Luna in every way, and that Dierdra is to be confined to rooms that will be assigned to her moving 
forward.” 
1/3 
Chapter 219 
+25 Bonus. 
“In the village?” Dierdra said hopefully. Perhaps she hoped to escape, or simply avoid further embarrassment caused by continuing to reside in the pack house. 
“No,” Gideon said coldly, “You will remain where I can best keep an eye on you, and where you can cause the least damage.” 
Dierdra subsided with a sullen look that made her look like a petulant child. It transformed her usually beautiful face into that of an overgrown teenager. 
It was hard to keep a gloating expression off my own face. However, if recent events had taught me anything, it was that every time I thought things were going well, something happened to bring it all down again. 
So instead I schooled my face to a somber, appropriate expression, suitable for a Luna who was about to clean up another’s mess. 
As soon as I was excused, I went to look into my long-neglected duties. 
As I settled back into the office that traditionally belonged to the Luna, I noticed the large pile of neglected paperwork and sighed. Though I was gratified for Gideon’s show of trust in me, it was obvious that Dierdra had been using her pregnancy excuse as a reason to push off her Luna duties as well. 
I wondered how Gideon’s slow realization of the depth of her treachery would change him. It was obvious that he was hurt by Dierdra’s lies, but I didn’t think he had truly grasped how deep it went. 
She wasn’t just a foolish girl who had feared being neglected by the Alpha she sought to please-the papers on this desk indicated a level of malicious neglect that would be hard for anyone to defend. This was no simple cry for attention. 
And now it was my mess to clean up. 
With a big sigh, I dove in. Unpaid invoices went in one stack, unanswered correspondence in another, and the last was a single pile that I just labeled ‘general fuckery’. 
After a few hours trying to clean up the books, I rubbed my eyes and went to find myself something- anything else to do. 
I had stared at columns of numbers so long that I was still seeing text swimming in my vision as I found my way to the pack kitchen and made myself a small meal. I needed to rerun some numbers, but what I had discovered so far was troubling. 
As if her recent betrayal wasn’t condemning enough, there were several other things that Dierdra had been neglecting, or possibly obfuscating. I would have to compare my centralized records with the originals in the village to be certain. 
It was evening by the time I made it down to the village with my stack of accounts that needed to be compared against the originals. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 220
Chapter 220 
I had found a few errors that could cause us some trouble down the line. A few accounts in arrears, or where the Luna had overcharged the villagers for centralized services. I had to spend some hours running around and re-issuing corrected statements. 
When that was done, I went to re-inventory our stores. 
It was late in the night by the time I made it, exhausted, back up the hill to the pack house. The light in Gideon’s office was still on and the door was open. I was planning on dropping my report on his desk before turning in for the night in my apartment in the village. With the pack meeting tomorrow, I would need to be well-rested… 
I was halfway down the hall when I could hear voices from Gideon’s office. I hadn’t realized that he had visitors, and I paused, not sure if I should continue on to give my report. 
“Alpha, thank you for reinstating the Luna,” someone was saying, “I didn’t want to make a big deal out of it, but the commission rate that Luna Dierdra had been paying was, ah, incorrectly calculated, and I was worried I would have to make up the difference.” 
I could hear the irritation in Gideon’s tone as he queried, “And have you been compensated for the full and proper amount?” 
“Oh yes, Alpha! Luna Avery came around this afternoon and made sure we knew to hold back some on the next shipment to make up the balance. It was such a relief, sir!” 
I felt a warm and fuzzy feeling growing in my chest as the pack leaders meeting in his office thanked him for replacing Dierdra, although they were careful to never come right out and accuse Dierdra of malfeasance. They always politely ascribed her ‘odd’ behavior to her youth, or naivete, or tiredness from 
pregnancy. 
I winced at that last one, and viscerally felt secondhand embarrassment for Gideon as he had to painfully explain that Dierdra was no longer pregnant. The villagers were politely concerned, but it was obvious that their speculation was running rampant as they said their good nights and left Gideon’s office as I strolled in to begin my report. 
They gave me many grateful nods as they passed by, and I felt the warm glow continue as they respectfully indicated their approval of my actions. 
“Sorry, Alpha, to take up any more of your time,” I said apologetically as I laid my reports on Gideon’s desk, “but I figured you might want to see these sooner rather than later…” 
Gideon seemed exhausted but in relatively good humor as he picked up the top stack of papers, “You are welcome to take up my time, Luna Avery, because it is obvious you have not been wasting it.” 
Still, his face grew more stern and severe as he read through my preliminary reports. I saw his eyes bulge and knew exactly what part he must have gotten to. 
“Ah, yes,” I said softly, “I was surprised by that number as well. I thought you’d want to go into the 
1/3 
Chapter 220 
+25 Bonus 
meeting tomorrow with… all the facts.” 
Gideon slapped the papers down on the table with an exasperated sigh. 
“As if what she had done wasn’t outrageous enough,” he grumbled, more to himself, I think, than to me, what on earth was she thinking” 
The question seemed rhetorical so I kept my mouth shut, but Gideon shot me a bemused glance regardless. 
“You tried to warn me.” 
“Well…” I wasn’t about to say ‘I told you so’ but he heard the words I didn’t say, and sighed again. The crestfallen sigh of a man who didn’t relish the task before him. 
“If there’s nothing else?” I murmured, figuring I would leave him to his bleak thoughts. 
“Actually, there is one more thing,” Gideon glanced up at me, “I have a request to make.” 
“Yes, Alpha?” I asked, perplexed. 
“I would like you to move back into the Luna’s quarters here,” he said. 
I blinked in surprise, “Into my old rooms, sir?” 
“Yes, they have been cleaned out,” 
“Just like your bed… er… bedroom?” The words flew out of my mouth in haste, and I wished immediat could swallow them up again. 
Gideon paused in shuffling the stack of papers and raised an eyebrow at me. 
The room narrowed to a small tunnel between us, and I wondered if he was thinking, as I was, of that almost-kiss in the garden. 
“Yes,” he answered, deadpan, “There are several holes I need to fill. Did you have someone in mind?” His gaze grew heated as I floundered for something appropriate to say. (1 
Was Gideon Nightwolf flirting with me 
I fled into the hallway with a scarlet blush. 
I couldn’t believe I had almost asked if I could move into Gideon’s bed instead! I must be more tired than I thought… 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 221
Chapter 221 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
I was up hours before the Pack Meeting was due to congregate. The name was something of a misnomer, it wasn’t actually everyone in the pack. A meeting of the entire pack would take days to gather, and we would need to hold it in the Ceremony Hall or Training Grounds to accommodate those who could come 
Those sorts of meetings were usually reserved for the seasonal celebrations that marked the turning of the year in most Wolf Packs; Full Mating Moons, Formal Mating Ceremonies, the Elevation of a new Alpha or Luna for the first time, Weddings, etc. 
Instead, this meeting consisted of those Pack members who represented the heads of important industries, warrior groups, family matriarchs, and other important positions that helped enforce the hierarchy of daily life. However, anyone who wanted to attend, was welcome into the viewing gallery, so there was a sizable throng of both village elders and bystanders that flowed into the Pack House throughout the day. 
There was a single large meeting room that would hold pack meetings like this. It ran along the back of the pack house and one entire wall was windows that looked out into the forest behind the building. There was a second floor gallery where the unseated bystanders could observe. 
Therefore I had been up very early to ensure that the pack kitchens were prepared for the potential influx of hungry wolves who would be sent home after the meeting with a hot meal. I had been wearing the mantle of Luna for less than a few day, but already I was hip-deep in responsibility, ensuring that the arriving elders and pack leaders were greeted with due respect and given a place to rest before the meeting began. 
They were all very respectful in return, of course, but more than a few tried to ask me what was going to happen at the meeting, and I had to tell them honestly that even as the full, true Luna, I had no idea. 
Gideon hadn’t clued me into his plans. We hadn’t talked since my mortifying comments in his office the night before. Frankly, I had been trying to avoid him most of the morning and afternoon for precisely that 
reason. 
I had been successful, in that regard, but it also left me woefully out of the loop if Gideon had been looking for me to give me a hint as to what was about to occur when the meeting adjourned. 
Still, I didn’t need to have seen an agenda to know that he must be planning on laying out Dierdra’s crimes and submitting her to some sort of cursory judgement. 
And, knowing Dierdra, she probably had some scheme in the works to try to get out of the consequences she had to know were coming. 
She had been held in separate rooms since yesterday, with warriors placed outside her door. Their grim expressions were as much of a deterrent as the weapons they carried, and I had no interest in tangling 
with either. 
1/2 
Chapter 221 
+25 Bonus 
My wolf sensed my agitation, and I was surprised and moved when I felt her sending me encouragement through our bond. I hadn’t been seeking out our connection much since she had declared that Gideon was our mate. 
I didn’t know how to handle that information, honestly. What had she meant by it? That she saw him as a potential mate? That his wolf appealed to hers? 
The simple statement hadn’t sounded like the stories I’d heard about how other wolves found their true mates. Usually it was during heat, under a Full Mating Moon, where there was no doubt as to what happened next. 
Not during a conversation in the middle of a garden. Even if it did almost end in a kiss. 
And yet, when I tried to delve deeper into my wolf’s opaque meaning, I found myself plunging into a depth of emotion that was unexpected and heady. Her strength flowed into me along with her certainty, and it was overpowering to my senses. I quickly felt myself overwhelmed and withdrew from the connection. 
Instead of trying to understand her, I chose to merely accept her support as a steadying force during what was sure to be a trying day. 
The Pack Meeting finally started, and Gideon entered the room, then Dierdra, escorted between her guards. At her appearance, a muttering began among the pack members. It was obvious most of them had not yet heard about her treachery. 
As she was led to her place in the middle of the Pack Meeting Hall, I saw that she was very pale. trembled visibly as Gideon began laying out her crimes in a dread voice that rang throughout the p room. 
Consorting with the enemy. Betraying secrets of the pack. Knowingly aiding and abetting rogue warriors. Lying to an Alpha. 
Gideon’s harsh reading of the accusations against her slowed as he came to the end of his list. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
get it 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 222
Chapter 222 
+25 Bonus 
“Each of these crimes was witnessed by myself, or a member of my family, but in case any doubts their authenticity I will now ask Luna Avery to give her version of events…” 
I tried to hide my surprise at being called to the stand, as it were. My unpreparedness was on full display as I stumbled through what I had observed when Dierdra had come to the pack as a ‘rescued’ rogue. Then I recounted the instances where I had caught Dierdra meeting in secret with the Silvermoon Luna, and I believed through her, the Rogue King. 
At first I felt irritation at Gideon for putting me on the spot like this. It overrode my desire to spare his feelings in my recounting of the facts. As my words slowed to a stop, I saw the reason why he hadn’t warned me that I would be called as a witness. 
My halting, hesitant statements had lent authenticity to my statement in a way that a prepared speech could not have. I could see that my words carried weight with the Pack Leaders, who now turned to each other with exclamations of dismay. 
My final accusation hung in the air. 
“I have reason to believe that the mate mark that Dierdra wears is not genuine, and that she used a false mark to impersonate Gideon’s true mate and earn his trust.” 
Still, the matter was not finished. According to pack law, Dierdra now had a chance to explain herself, and she chose to start by trying to refute my claim that her mate mark wasn’t genuine. 
“Avery has run a campaign intent on maligning me from the start!” She pointed her finger at me directly, She was jealous that I am Gideon’s mate and not hers! That is why she has spread these abominable lies and planted false notes to try and make me look like the traitor, but she is the one with questionable ties to Silvermoon Pack and the Rogue King, not me!” 
Confusion gathered around the room. 
Gideon stepped forward and the babble of voices quieted to listen to what he had to say. 
“Reveal your mark,” he commanded. Angrily, Dierdra did as requested, yanking the collar of her dress to the side and revealing the large mark on her neck which glowed with an Alpha’s aura. 
It was impressively realistic. Even I, who had reason to believe it was forged, found it deceptively convincing. 
For a second I worried that Gideon was not actually going to be able to convince the Pack Elders that the removal of Dierdra was well-founded. 
That is, until he pulled something from his pants. 
I gasped, as I saw the I had long ago though I would never spy again. 
The vial of antidote that I had brewed on our wedding night so long ago. 
1/2 
Chapter 222 
+25 Bonus 
“We all know that no true wolf’s mark can be hidden without their consent,” Gideon said with a dark smile, “So, if your mark is genuine, then drinking this should have no effect.” 
A wary, caged expression came over Dierdra’s face as she eyed the brown bottle in Gideon’s hand, outstretched towards her. She reached for it and then, with a quick flick, smacked her hand beneath Gideon’s outstretched one. 
“Oops!” She gasped, as the delicate glass flew up in the air. 
I inhaled sharply, watching as it flew up, up into the air and then hurtled back towards the flagstone floor. That was the end of that. There would be no way of proving she was a fraud now. 
Already I could picture the Pack Elders demanding that Dierdra be reinstated as Luna. I would be demoted and declaimed, and all would go back to how it was. 
And then the unthinkable happened. 
Gideon moved so fast I could barely see it. It seemed as though one moment he had been standing there, and the next he was several feet away… 
holding the vial. He had snagged it inches from the floor. 
It was so impressive that a few people in the audience clapped. 
Not Dierdra, however. She went deathly white. 
“Since you seem to be having difficulty,” Gideon intoned with all the harsh inevitability of an arctic “allow me to help you.” 1 
And then with that same, incredible speed, he had grabbed Dierdra by the jaw, tipped her head back, and emptied the contents of the bottle into her open mouth. 1 
Long seconds passed. Dierdra wrenched herself out of Gideon’s grasp with a glare and a growl. She whirled towards him, tendons in her neck straining with rage. 
Which allowed for the perfect angle for the light falling through the windows to stream across her mark as it flickered and disappeared, and all hell broke loose in the Pack Meeting. 
2/2 
Chapter 223 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 223
Chapter 223 
Gideon’s POV 
The 
uproar that broke out in the Pack Meeting when Dierdra’s mark disappeared was nothing compared to the chaos that roared through me. I hadn’t believed-hadn’t wanted to believe-that on top of everything she had lied about that too. 
In the wake of initial shock, I felt a cold calm descend upon me, and I stepped closer to Dierdra, watching her face turn towards me full of dread. Fear was in her eyes, and for the first time since she had come into my life, I welcomed its presence. 
She should be afraid. She had chosen to enter into my life, and into our pack, solely intent on deceiving me, on accomplishing her own ends. 
What was her ultimate goal? There was only one way to find out. 
With a low growl, I leaned over her. Interrogation was, unfortunately, a skill I had honed over many years of practice. Dierdra might be a skilled liar and manipulator, but we would see how good she was at withstanding the questions I had for her now. 
As it turned out, it took very little to extract information from her. The weight of the moment had added up -her imprisonment last night, the disapproval of my family, and now the palpable dismay and rage of the assembled pack members who had witnessed her mark disappear. 
There was something so eerie about seeing that usually indelible mark vanish from her skin as t had never been there. I had put so much emotional stock in seeing it on her skin-the mark I had assumed had been from my own teeth on that magical night in the forest when I had first found my 
Now everything had collapsed. She wasn’t the woman I had thought she was. I was back to the beginning, without a mate. It created an empty, hollow space within me, and into that space I poured my contempt and my rage. I let the emotions flow through me and out of my eyes, as I bored my stare into Dierdra’s flinching gaze. 
“Why did you do it?” I growled, my wolf in my voice, and I saw my command take hold on Dierdra’s already compromised will. She began to spill her secrets. 
“I was sent by the Rogue King,” she swallowed heavily, refusing to meet my eyes. 
“To undermine our defense against his incursions in Nightwolf Territory?” I prompted. 
“Partially yes, but that wasn’t my primary mission,” she licked her lips nervously and I leaned in closer. So did most of the audience. 
“What was your mission?” 
She raised her eyes to mine, and then they drifted to the woman standing a few feet away. 
“To capture Avery, to force her to bear him a powerful heir.” 
1/2 
Chapter 223 
+25 Bonus 
“W-what?!” I couldn’t have heard her correctly. I whirled to look at Avery, who looked both embarrassed…. and proud. She raised her chin and stared back at me coolly, though there were red points forming on her cheeks. 
“Explain,” I demanded, whirling back to Dierdra, who flinched from my intensity. 
“It’s her lineage,” Dierdra’s words spilled from her in a rush, “The Rogue King tracked her down because whoever breeds with her will create a massively powerful heir. He will do anything to get her for himself.” 
Everyone was staring at Avery now, including me. I felt shocked as I viewed her in this new light. Remorse was building within me. 
She was so unassuming, this woman I had married. Beautiful, smart, and strong. I had known these things already, but if Dierdra was to be believed, she was also incredibly powerful. (1) 
To think, I had spent so much time and energy on Dierdra thinking she was my mate and carrying my pup and none of that was true. Meanwhile, Avery had been doing hard labor, still pledging her loyalty to my pack, and all she had asked for in return was that I rescue her mother. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 224
Chapter 224 
It was obvious what I needed to do. 
I straightened and turned to address the pack. 
+25 Bonus 
“Elders, Pack Leaders, Warriors,” I raised my voice to address the assembly, “in light of these developments I am immediately announcing the launch of a new offensive. I will be leading our warriors to rescue Luna Avery’s mother, who has fallen under the Rogue King’s control.” 
Murmuring rose at my announcement, but my eyes were focused on only one person. 
Avery’s face turned towards me in surprise, and glorious hope transformed her expression into one of glowing joy. 
It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. 
And it helped cover some of the shame I felt for not ordering this sooner. 1 
The Pack Leaders were surprised, the cascade of shocking events and revelations from Dierdra’s own lips had stunned them all. Their pledges of assistance were swift to arrive, promising their support for my plan of action. (1 
Shortly after, the meeting disbanded. Dierdra was taken to her room to wait under house arrest, and I went to organize my warriors for what was coming. This operation had been in the works for several weeks, so we weren’t going in blind, but it was still incredibly dangerous and I was determined to accomplish it with as little bloodshed as possible. 
Several hours of preparation later, I found myself knocking on Avery’s door with a greater amount of trepidation than I was used to experiencing fizzing along my nerves. 
When she opened the door, I stared down at her, drinking in the sight. She must have been starting to get ready for bed, her hair was down in a thick fall of gold that tumbled around her face in gentle waves that made me want to run my fingers through and see if they felt as soft as they looked. 
She was wrapped in a warm bathrobe that was cinched tight around her slim waist, and despite the fact that I had clearly interrupted her when she wasn’t ready for visitors, she still carried herself with an air of preparedness that made me feel as though I was the one being caught off guard standing in her doorway. 
“Alpha Gideon,” she looked up at me with a question in her eyes, “How can I help you?” 
I noticed that she didn’t welcome me into her room. Our situation had reversed from her adorable 
stumbling comments from the night before when it had almost seemed like she had been requesting an invitation to stay in my room. 
Now it was I who was requesting access to hers. 
I looked down at her and pulled from the depths of my soul the words I had come to say. I wanted to beg her forgiveness, to tell her that I was sorry I hadn’t believed her from the beginning, that I regretted any 
1/2 
Chapter 224 
+25 Bonus 
harm my ignorance had caused. (1) 
And yet, staring into her expectant, reserved face, the words wouldn’t come. 1 
Not because I didn’t want to say them, but because I brought nothing to give her other than words. I hadn’t rescued her mother. I hadn’t brought her anything other than more hardship since I had rescued her from Silvermoon Pack those many months ago. 
So instead, I said simply, “I came to ask your blessing for a successful hunt.” 
Her eyes softened, and she lifted her hand and placed it on my arm gently. 
“You have my blessing. I will be holding hope in my heart while you are gone for a successful hunt and for all our warriors to return.” 
I bowed my head in gratitude. And to hold myself back.. 
I wanted so badly to push for more. To ask not just for her blessing, but for her thoughts, her heart as well. 
I wanted her. 
She had proven herself time and again to me, and I had been too blind to see the treasure I had in front of me the whole time. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 225
Chapter 225 
+25 Bonus 
Now it was I who came up short. I had nothing to bring to prove the purity of my intentions. 
And so I held myself back. When I could return her mother to her care, perhaps I would dare ask for more. 
I said my farewells, and then rejoined my warriors as our convoy rolled out of the village and in the direction of the Rogue encampment and fortress where Avery’s mother was last held. 
Our best hope of success lay in stealth, speed, and strength. Most of my warriors had two of the three. 
I had all three. (1 
More than that, I felt personally invested in this mission. Avery’s mother was important to her, and therefore to me. I couldn’t ask another warrior to take more risk than I was willing to take. 
So they provided my surveillance cover and backup as I crept past the Rogue King’s posted guards and into the hallways of the holding cells where Avery’s mother was last seen alive. 
Avery’s POV 
The knock on my door came in the early hours of the morning. It took me mere moments to cross my room and fling open the door. 
Gideon stood before me, dressed head to toe in black combat wear. His hands were covered in blood, and he looked tired, but thankfully unharmed. 
Questions welled up in my throat, and I found I was too terrified to voice any of them out loud. What if he didn’t have good news for me? What if he hadn’t found my mother, or worse, he had but she hadn’t made it? What if all the warriors had died? 
I couldn’t say any of it. I just stared up at him, hands trembling in the sleeves of 
my 
bathrobe. 
“We did it.” He blurted out, sweeping forward to embrace me tightly. 1 
Relief flooded through me along with surprise at his arms sliding around me. The combination of both resulted in me melting into his arms with a soft cry. 
“My mother?” I gasped, clinging onto his broad shoulders to anchor myself lest I be swept away in my flood of emotions. 
“She is with the healers. She’s in bad shape, but they think she will recover with rest and good food.” 
Gideon drew back though his hands continued to rest on my waist as he looked down at me with a serious expression. I sensed there was more. 
“What is it?” I asked, panic rising again. 
“I need to say this, Avery, please just listen,” 
Concern flooded through me, and it was all I could do to nod consent. 
1/2 
Chapter 225 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon’s fingers clenched in the waistband of my bathrobe as he searched for the words he was trying 
to say. 
“I have learned from my mistakes,” his handsome face bore an anguished expression as he confessed, I will find a way to make them up to you. I want to atone for the hurts I have caused-to you and your mother both.” 1 
I stared up at him mutely, what was he saying? Was this an apology for not believing me? For the treatment I had received at the hands of Dierdra over the last few painful months? 
12 
“I make you this vow,” Gideon’s dark gaze was serious, his grip on me firm as he held me at arms length and earnestly promised, “I will earn your affection. I will be the husband you deserve from this point forward.” (1 
I couldn’t believe what he was saying. His words fell like a gentle rain onto the parched desert of my heart. 
“I am devoted to you utterly, Avery, and I will do whatever it takes to prove it.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 226
Chapter 226 
Avery’s POV 
For the next few days I never left my mother’s side. Her stay in the Rogue King’s dungeon had left her weak, malnourished, and had aged in ways that were harrowing to see. I had faith in the pack’s healers, and my presence seemed to provide some measure of relief, whether from my healing magic or just the joy on my mother’s face when she saw me next to her bed. 
“You do not need to be here,” she patted my hand, as I settled in with a mug of tea to return to my vigil my her bedside. 
“And where else would I be?” I asked, acerbically, “You are my mother, and I would like to think that you need me.” 
“Ah, but doesn’t he need you as well?” She raised her eyebrows meaningfully and I sighed. While I loved her, and was overjoyed that she had been returned to me, I hadn’t missed her more traditional views of pack hierarchy. 
To an omega wolf like my mother, there was no greater honor than to serve an Alpha. Everything within her had reinforced that worldview for so long that Alphas and Lunas were like royalty to her. She couldn’t fathom avoiding, much less disobeying an Alpha, and would happily put her own well-being and needs below theirs. 
I knew that she was selfless in this way, and to some extent I admired her for it. She was a genuinely kindhearted person, who never held a grudge. 
That was also why she had been abused her whole life. Perhaps if we lived in a kinder, better world, I would be able to see these traits as virtues, not liabilities, but I had seen behind the curtain. I was a Luna now, myself, and I knew just how flawed and selfish those who sat at the top could be. 
“You should go spend time with him. He seems like he’s making a real effort to earn your affection, my daughter,” My mother’s eyes crinkled with amusement as she glanced around the room full of flowers that Gideon had sent to ‘encourage her recuperation’. 
“Even if he is, it is no less than you deserve,” I said, with a severe expression. Truthfully, I was a little touched by the gesture. The flowers were indeed lovely, but I was still processing the things that Gideon had said to me the night of her rescue. 
“Think on it, daughter. He’s a powerful Alpha, and it seems like more than that, he wants to try to win your heart. There are few who would try, and he has much to offer.” 
I flinched at her honest assessment. Was it so wrong to hope that a man might think I was worth his effort. 
“I am not interested in what Gideon has to offer me, I only care about you getting well,” I told her, trying to shut down this angle of conversation. 
I could tell that she wasn’t going to let the topic drop however, so eventually I stepped away, with the 
1/2 
Chapter 226 
+25 Bonus 
excuse that I would go find Gideon and listen to what he had to say. 
Truthfully, however, I was not going to find him. Instead, I turned my footsteps towards the walking trails that ran for miles through the woods surrounding the pack village. I wanted to clear my head, and being in that perfumed room with my mother was not conducive towards getting my thoughts in order. 1 
There had been a rainfall in the night, and the leaves underfoot were slippery as I picked my way through the forest. I hadn’t been back this way since the night I had attempted to commune with the moon goddess under the full moon. 
It was daytime, and yet there was something similar to that night in the air. A sense of a great presence, hanging in the sky above me, calling to me. The sensation was so strange, as though there was something in my bones calling me to become other~. 
2 
I closed my eyes, and let the feeling rush over me. It was the strangest feeling, as though every part of me had plunged through the surface of a mirror and when I opened them again, the world was different. 
I was different. 
The scent of wet leaves, rain, and the resinous pine trees filled my nose with their intoxicating aroma. I lowered my head and sniffed the ground beneath my paws. 1 
Shock rushed through me. I had transformed! 
‘I did it!’ I thought with exhilaration, ‘I finally shifted!’ 
‘You did!’ came the amused voice of my wolf, so much closer now in my mind than she had even b before, ‘And now we run!’ 
It was the strangest sensation, as we took off through the woods at a blistering speed. I both was, and wasn’t in charge of my/her body. She was in the forefront of my mind, she was the one calling the shots, and in some ways I was just along for the ride. 
And yet, we were closer than that. We thought with one mind. I suddenly understood so much better what she had been trying to tell me over the last few weeks. The impression came not in words, but in a flood of emotions, instincts, memories, that flowed between our shared mind as we raced through the woods. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 227
Chapter 227 
I couldn’t transform before because I was too weak. Now that I felt her true strength flow through me, and even that just a fraction of what still lurked within her, I understood. There had been something inside of me, something that I had carried since I was an infant, that had been suppressing my power. 
The wolf didn’t know what exactly it was, but it had prevented my transformation long past the time most wolves would have shifted. It wasn’t until recently that my own strength had grown powerful enough to start to override the block. 
‘But what could have caused such a thing?’ 
‘I don’t know,’ my wolf said, and in the words was all her pent up sorrow and anger at having been separated from each other for so long, ‘perhaps ask your mother?’ 
‘I will,’ I promised, ‘but in a little while. I want to enjoy this.’ 
Being in wolf form was unlike anything I had dreamed of. My senses of hearing and smell were so much sharper, and even the way she processed what she saw was different. Movement was heightened, while colors were muted. 
We paused at a small pond, where she lowered her head to drink from the water. 
She was beautiful. Her coat shifted from silver to gold around the points of her body, and her eyes were great pale moons in her regal face. 
Finally, after what felt like hours running in the woods, rejoicing at being united at last, we arrived b the border of the woods and the pack house. I felt a last surge of love from my wolf before she retrea back into my mind, and the strange shifting transformation restored me to my human form. 1 
It was hard to suppress my sense of elation as I dashed up the stairs to my mother’s room. Finally accomplishing the thing I had tried so hard to do for years, and succeeding, was an adrenaline high like no other. 
However, finally shifting had left me with more questions. I burst into my mother’s room. 
“Mother!” I threw myself into the chair by her bedside, and clasped her hands in my own, “Do you know if I was given anything when I was a child? Some… potion perhaps? Something that could have been blocking my ability to shift for so long?” 
My mother looked startled, perhaps by my question, or because of my sudden exuberance. 
“Did you…” her eyes darted around my face, “talk to Gideon?” 
“What? No!” I said, annoyed that she was changing the subject, “Please mother, this is important. Something given to me that could have suppressed my wolf until now?” 
But it was like she had gone away inside. She just kept shaking her head and telling me that she didn’t know. Then that she was tired. 
1/3 
Chapter 227 
+25 Bonus 
“Go talk to Gideon, daughter. No more questions about the past. He is your future now…” 
Annoyed, I rose from her bedside, not willing to jeopardize her health further. Instead, I stalked across the pack estate, looking for my husband. I found him eating his dinner in the private dining room and he looked so pleased to see me that for a moment, I forgot my irritation. 
“Avery, please,” he gestured for me to sit. 
Perhaps it was the newness of my wolf-form still pumping power through me, but this was the first time I felt like I was approaching him like an equal, powerful in my own right. I didn’t sit right away, but stood there, assessing him. 
His face was open, honest, but I had been fooled before. 
“Did you mean what you said?” I asked, as he rose to face me instead, “That you would be a devoted husband to me from this point forward?” 
A look of longing passed over his face, “I swear it. Avery, what’s wrong? Please sit down.” 
He moved towards me, his hand brushing along my arm, but I turned away and threw myself into the chair to avoid his advances. Warily, he sat back down across from me. 
“Did you doubt me? I meant every word,” he said, with a fervor that made my heart pang. 
I stared into those stormy eyes, feeling mistrust warring with my desire to indulge in this new intimacy that had sprung up between us. I couldn’t help but wonder at how Gideon’s motives might have char now that he knew more about my alleged bloodline. 1 
“I don’t know,” I said, truthfully, squeezing my eyes shut at the distressed look that fleetingly darted across his face. 
“Avery, what can I do to convince you,” Gideon said, leaning forward. 
“Can we just… try and do some things like a normal married couple?” I pleaded, “Everything has happened so fast.” 
Gideon nodded once, solemnly, “I already planned on it,” he said quietly, “I am planning a proper proposal ceremony for us on the night of the full moon.” 
I gaped at him. I hadn’t been expecting that. 
“A ceremony just for us? Not the whole pack?” I breathed. Whatever my doubts might be, that sounded horribly romantic. 
He raised his eyes to mine, a small smile tugging at the edge of his mouth, “Let’s start over, Avery. This time, we will do it right.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 228
Chapter 228 
Avery’s POV 
The night of the full moon arrived and I found myself unexpectedly nervous as I was getting ready. 
My first wedding night had been full of anything but romance. I had been fighting for my own survival within the pack. Dierdra had just been ‘rescued’, and I knew no one would believe my suspicions about her and her mark. 
I had been frantically trying to brew an antidote, the one that was ultimately used to unmask her, and my thoughts were entirely concerned with warning Gideon. 
This time there were no guests to greet, no feast afterwards. There would be no witnesses to the ceremony, and no formal pack alliance paperwork to sign. All of our contracts had already been ratified. 
So why did this ceremony feel more terrifying than the last? 
Perhaps with all the ‘extras’ stripped away, I was forced to confront what lay at the core of this act of matrimony. Tonight it would be just Gideon and I, under the full moon, pledging ourselves to each other in a real relationship. 
Why was that so frightening? 
Perhaps it was because our entire relationship had always been confined by our roles. Gideon as the Alpha, I as his contracted bride and Luna. We had forged what we’d built so far on the backs of our and never had to deal with the people underneath them. 
I knew my value, and yet there was a part of me that wondered if Gideon would still be interested in Avery, the person, when the labels had been stripped away? 
We were trying to build something new on the back of a foundation that had been torn down and rebuilt so many times at this point that I couldn’t help but wonder if what we were doing was making it stronger, or risking bringing the whole thing crashing down on our heads. 
I smoothed my simple dress down over my body, rubbing my palms along my thighs. I supposed there was another important difference in this ceremony compared to the last. 
This time my wolf would be present. 1 
Would it feel different, now that my wolf was alive inside of me and had told me that Gideon was her 
mate? 
The sun was setting as I made my way down the stairs and saw Gideon waiting for me in the doorway. He had chosen simple clothes that matched my own-a button-down linen shirt and fine wool slacks. When he saw me, his chin raised and his body stilled, 
“Avery,” he reached out a hand towards me and I took it, feeling the spark that flowed through me as we touched. I gave him a nervous smile and wondered if he was feeling as anxious as I was. 
1/3 
Chapter 229 
+25 Bonus 
He squeezed my hand and stared into my eyes, “We don’t have to do this if you’re not ready,” he said softly. 
I swallowed, but forced a smile in return, “No,” I squared my shoulders, “I’m ready.” 
Whatever my fears may be, we had already gone through hard times and we were still standing. I had to believe that things were looking up. 1 
Gideon was here with me. His firm hand drew me outside and led me to his car where he helped me inside before crossing to the driver’s seat. There would be no chauffeur today. It would be just us. 
Just us. 
I focused on taking deep breaths and trying to still the butterflies in my stomach. 
“Where are we going?” I asked, as Gideon steered the car through the village and out onto the main road. 
“There’s a special place I want to show you,” he said, glancing over at me in the passenger’s seat, “It’s not very far.” 
I watched as twilight settled over the trees as we rolled through the forest. We must not be very far from the Silvermoon pack border, I realized. Finally Gideon rolled the car down an access road that ran away from the main thoroughfare and parked. 
“From here we walk,” he said, opening the car door for me and helping me out. 
The night air was balmy on my bare arms, and Gideon’s palm was warm against mine as he took my hand once more and drew me down the path in front of us. Fireflies flickered through the trees around us, and the rising moon was heavy and lustrous as it ascended above the canopy and lit our path with luminous beams of moonlight. 
After a few minutes’ walk, the path widened and Gideon drew me alongside him as we paused to look at the scene before us. We were looking down on a peaceful glade, fringed by silver-barked birch trees. At the center of the clearing was a still pool that appeared phosphorescent as it glowed with the reflected moonrise. 
I inhaled in awe and saw Gideon watching me out of the corner of my eye. 
“Do you like it?” he asked. 
“Yes,” I breathed. How could I not? 
I stepped further into the clearing, up to the edge of the pond and peered down at my own reflection haloed by the moon. As Gideon joined me, and took my hands in his, I felt a strange feeling coming over 

He took my breath away as the moonlight outlined his body in silver, illuminating the dark strands of hair that fell in his face as he looked down at our hands clasped together. He was stunning, and I felt suddenly very plain next to him. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 229
Chapter 229 
Could I really be pledging myself to this powerful, handsome, and mysterious Alpha with my whole heart this time? 
There was something bothering me though, something about this place. I turned my head to survey the clearing once more, and a strange silhouette in the distance caught my eye. 
It was an abandoned shack, ramshackled and deteriorating. 
I knew that shack. I knew this place. 
This was where I had run to when Ryan had cheated on me, the night of the Full Mating Moon. That shack was my favorite secret place. 
This was the very glade where my mystery mate had marked me that night. 
How had Gideon even known about this place? Or its significance? 
Eyes wide, I turned back towards Gideon as he began reciting the oaths that had bound us together so many weeks ago. 
As I listened to the ancient words they began to take on a resonant quality. They dropped from the timbre of Gideon’s voice and the vibrations rippled outward, creating a shimmer in the air and buzzing along my skin. 
Deep in my mind, my wolf rose from her slumber, shook her ruff, and preened. I felt her desire hit me lik a wall of bricks. 
From far away I heard my voice repeating the words, but I wasn’t in charge anymore. A delicious current was running through me, pumping me full of electric desire. 
There was a force pulling me, as though my soul had been torn in two, once, and now sensed the other half of itself on the other side of mine and Gideon’s clasped hands. 
Did he feel it too? The honey drenching my bones and filling my eyes with amber? Was that a corresponding flash of yellow in Gideon’s stare, like a lighthouse signaling to my floundering heart that treacherous currents were waiting to drag me to my doom? 
Then to my doom I would go. 
No sooner had the final words of the ceremony rung out into the moonlit clearing than I was tugging on Gideon’s hands like a drowning sailor grasping for a lifeline. 
My lips collided with his in a searing kiss that threatened to start a wildfire with our heat. I was burning, burning bright as the brush of Gideon’s hands sweeping across my body revealed long banked coals of yearning finally exposed to fresh air. 
And I was not the only one who burned. 
1/3 
Chapter 229 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon’s eyes were fever-hot and his mouth incinerated my body as he kissed along my skin, drinking me in with lips and tongue. He yanked at the neckline of my dress, spilling my curves out into the night so that he could cup them in his hands and lift them to his mouth. 
In his hands, I was molten. In my hands, he was iron. Hard and powerful. I seized him shamelessly, unwrapping his clothing until my fingers found that velvet skin and the hardness beneath. 
I needed him. I had never needed anything more. My wolf demanded it. 
“Mine,” I growled, yanking up the folds of my skirt to reveal the triangle at the top of my thighs that was slick and ready for him. 
“Mine,” he repeated, pumping his fist along his length and laying me back on the soft moss so that he could prop himself up on his arms over me as he lined himself up with my entrance. 
I snatched at him, clawing at his shoulders, trying to pull him into me as fast as I could. I needed him to fill me. When he insisted on slowly pushing his way into my body instead, an impatient whine tore from my throat and I bucked beneath him, desperate for more. 
My legs wrapped around his lean hips, the tops of his thighs pushing against the back of mine as he groaned and sank in me to the hilt. His eyes were glazed with pleasure as I raised my hips to seat him fully inside me. 
The fullness of him felt incredible. Somewhere deep within me, he pressed against my innermost entrance and it caused my back to arch in pleasure. He pulled out, the emptiness he left unbearable until he rocked forward again, plunging deep and ripping a moan from my lips. 
I couldn’t get enough of this rhythm. The tide of ecstasy and lust that rolled through my body v glide of his length inside me and the slam of intense pleasure as he fully seated himself home be my legs. 
A crescendo was building within me, and I shuddered as it began to grip me, my body clenching around him in pulsing waves. Gideon’s movements grew erratic as he began to lose control, his hand plunging between my legs to stroke and circle the sensitive spot where my pleasure had concentrated into a searing point. 
That brush of his fingers was all it took to shove me over the cliff of pleasure. A scream burst from my lips as my wolf and I howled his name to the moon. 
My mark on my neck blazed to life, exploding like a shooting star as Gideon buried himself inside me with a final thrust and erupted with a primal growl, spilling fiery seed deep within me. 
In that moment, the past overlapped the present. I knew this place, body and soul, the same way I knew the man who claimed me now. 
And who had claimed me then, the first time. One and the same. (1) 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 230
Chapter 230 
Gideon’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
In the light of the full moon, the woman beneath me was transformed. Her skin, pale as milk in the moonlight, her lips parted as she panted for breath in the aftermath of pleasure. Every part of her called to me, whispered urging words to claim, to cover, to commit crimes of decency with her body. 
She was the most intoxicating wine I had ever tasted, heady and strong. We were still fitted tightly together as her internal muscles locked around me, milking me dry with the rhythmic pulses of her orgasm. Sweat dripped from my brow to the moss below my hand next to her head. 
Her claws had scratched furrows of desire along my back, and they stung with the salt from my skin. I loved that she had marked me in this way. 
She turned her head to the side and my eyes locked onto the huge, dark bite on the side of her mouth. 1 
My bite. My mark. 
My body clenched in a final spasm that overlapped with my shock at seeing that claiming mark. I had only ever marked one woman in that way. 
My mystery mate. 
“You…!” I breathed at the same time her eyes narrowed at me in return, “How did you…? That’s my mark! 
The pleasure bled away from her face, leaving her pale beneath me. 
“Yours?” she hissed, “So it was you!” 
I pulled away as Avery shoved at me to get off of her, and lunged to her feet, ignoring my outstretched hand to help her up. She was lithe and graceful as she moved, and I couldn’t help but admire her figure and the way it begged for me to tug her back, to claim her again and again until she once more screamed my name in ecstasy. 
My mind was reeling. This was the woman who had haunted my dreams and made my body ache with her absence. She had been right in front of me the whole time, and I had been too stupid to see it. 
“So it was you!” I echoed her words back her, “Why didn’t you ever say? How did you hide it?” 
Avery whirled on me as she pulled her dress back up over her body. 
“You dare ask me why? Why I didn’t tell my new, contracted Alpha and husband about the man who marked me without my consent in the forest on my first time?” Her voice was as cutting as a scythe, “My Goddess took pity on me and hid my mark so that I could save my own life after you almost destroyed me!” 
“Your first time?” I groaned, running my fingers through my hair, “It was mating heat! I felt it, and so did you!” 
1/2 
Chapter 230 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh yes,” she bit off the words, “I felt it. And then I paid for it. You’re the reason my father threatened to kill me. You’re the reason I was sold to Nightwolf pack like an unwanted slave! Did you ever even feel. remorse? No. You’re the arrogant Alpha who takes what he wants and doesn’t give a damn for the consequences!” 1 
“It wasn’t like that!” I protested angrily, “I searched for you for months! I thought you died! You left me here and ran away! I would have taken you with me and protected you, instead I mourned you!” 
She looked devastated at my words, staggering sideways. I reached out to steady her but she slapped my hands away. 
“If you felt an ounce of regret, then I’m glad!” she retorted, “What was it like for you to not get what you wanted for once? To discover that your own actions caused you to lose something you loved? And then you still dared to marry me after!” She stalked towards me and jabbed her finger into my chest,” Everything I have suffered has been because of you!” 
“Now listen!” I felt my own anger surging hot in return, “Losing you broke my heart, after I had thought I didn’t have one left!” My voice choked as I snarled out, “I know what is is to lose someone I loved, it’s all I’ve known my entire life, and you were just the latest! I killed them all, what’s one more” (1 
I took a step towards her, but Avery’s eyes had gone wide, the whites showing around her irises in the starlight. 
“You would threaten me?” she hissed, “The night after our vow ceremony? After sleeping with me again? This is the third time you have used me and then disappointed me, and I will not permit another. You claimed we would start over, but you have learned nothing Gideon Nightwolf!” she drew herself up to her full height, and then for the first time since I had met her, she shifted into her wolf-form. 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 231
Chapter 231 
+25 Bonus 
A massive glowing silver wolf stood in front of me, lips drawn back to reveal black gums and shining ivory fangs. I had never seen a she-wolf this large. She was almost as big as my own wolf! I could do nothing but stare as she faced me down with arrogant, savage beauty. 
‘She is ours,’ came the rumble of my wolf in my mind, ‘This is our true mate. There is none like her.’ 
I didn’t need to question what he was saying, I could feel the truth of what he said in my very soul, as though there were a tether drawn tight between our two souls, pulling me towards the angry, silver wolf 
in front of me. 
“Avery,” I held out my hands placatingly, my heart racing. I needed to resolve this misunderstanding between us. I couldn’t let this end like this. 
Her wolf snapped at my hands, leaping away. I didn’t flinch, but slowly walked after her. Her anger was palpable, rolling off of her in waves. She was so powerful and vengeful. 
She was so beautiful. 
To think that I had marked a wolf such as she. It had been unfair, I knew, but I could not express regret for it. Not for claiming her. 
She would be mine, no matter what I had to do. I would possess her body and soul. 
‘We will take her back,’ I told my wolf in my head, grim with resolve. 
‘Good luck,’ he said, and I got the impression he was laughing at me beneath his wry tone. 
‘Don’t patronize me,’ I grumbled, ‘You’re the one who got me into this mess.’ 
‘I look forward to seeing my mate prove how worthy she is,’ he said, with smug satisfaction, staring through my eyes at Avery’s wolf approvingly. 
‘Have at it, then,’ I thought, and shifted, letting my wolf take over my body. 
My wolf stood under the moonlight, but the stars and the great orb of the moon cast no light on his inky black coat. We were the deep velvet of midnight, absorbing all light and never letting it go. Our power shone forth from our fiery eyes as we padded towards our mate. 
Avery’s wolf swiveled her head to regard us, her metallic coat shimmering as she moved. The tether of the soul bond between these two mates was visible to wolven senses, a shimmering ethereal rope that 
stretched from our heart to the mark on her neck. 
Had she marked us in return, there would be a second bond running back, but for now it went undrawn. We were mismatched until she marked us in return. 
My wolf pawed the ground and tossed his head, proud at being admired by his mate and ready to prove himself once and for all as being worthy. 
1/3 
Chapter 231 
+25 Bonus 
But then a foul scent drifted past on the breeze. 
Intruders. 
Avery’s wolf threw up her head and howled. The cry was primal and powerful. It told every predator for miles around that we were here, and we were ready for a fight. 
Then she turned and fled, with an impudent swish of her tail she darted off, knowing that would leave us behind to confront the rogue wolves we could now hear slinking through the underbrush towards our position. 
My wolf howled in return, venting his irritation at this slight, and his intention to destroy any who dared try to get between him and his mate. We would obliterate these creeping dogs and send them to meet their mothers in the dirt below and the stars above. 
Then we would catch our mate and prove ourselves worthy of her mark. 
Now my wolf craved blood. He craved the flurry of fur and claws and the hot metallic iron dripping across his tongue. 
He planted his four feet in the mossy ground and braced for the impact of the attackers as they hurled towards him in the darkness. This was his ground. This was his territory. All trespassers would be destroyed. 
We tore through the onslaught, snapping at throats and shoving aside those who were too slow, sending them sprawling across the forest floor and yelping in pain. These rogues were no match for us. They were scrawny, underdeveloped mongrels without the strength and dignity of pack. 
They would bleed and die and the world would be a better place without them. 
This was our kingdom. 
Ours. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 232
Chapter 232 
Avery’s POV 
Behind us we could hear the snarls and baying of the rogue wolves as they attacked Gideon’s wolf. I felt a pang of concern, worry that we had left him to be overrun, but my wolf did not stop. Her powerful haunches propelled her forward through the trees with incredible swiftness. 
if he does not survive then he does not deserve us, she informed me primly, ‘Even I could hold off that many alone. Let him vent his bloodlust and then we will decide if we will accept his company.” 
I thought, not for the first time, that the ways of wolves were so strange. I knew that my wolf did not truly understand why I had rejected Gideon after our coupling. She didn’t feel emotional hurts the way humans did. in 1 
When she wanted something, she took it. When someone hurt her, she hurt them back, and that was that. She didn’t understand how you could want something and want to hurt it at the same time. Nor did she hold onto emotions beyond the moment. 
She disagreed with my decision to reject my mate after it was revealed that Gideon had been the one who had marked me, though she agreed that had she not been dormant, she would have made him work for it longer. 
‘Mate is mate, she told me simply, He is ours, but first he must feel our absence. 
We’ll see, I said back to her warningly, “You may be convinced but I am not so sure I am willing to forgive.’ 
My wolf sent back sympathy for my sorrow. She could sense I was in turmoil, and although she didn’t understand it, she loved me and didn’t like to feel me hurting. 
‘What would make you accept him? she asked, curiously. 
‘I don’t know,’ I thought, with despair, ‘He confuses my mind.” 
‘But you want him,’ she laughed at me, I can sense you crave him the way I crave his wolf.” 
‘Ugh, yes, I admitted, ‘But he ignored our struggles for so long, while I have sought to please him in every way. Why should he not now be the one who struggles? 
My wolf agreed that we deserved to be pleased, and in the spirit of that discussion, we arrived back at the car. I shifted back to human form and climbed in, turning the keys in the ignition. 
Gideon could find his own way back home. 
I drove back to Nightwolf Pack with a grim smile on my face. When I returned to my rooms, I drew a hot bath and spent time soaking and relaxing in the lavender-scented bubbles. Then I wrapped myself in my 
bathrobe and fell into bed. 
I drifted off and awoke to a violent pounding on my bedroom door. I rose from my slumber groggily, and 
1/3 
Chanter 232 
+25 Bonus 
stumbled to the door. 
As my fingers fumbled on the knob, the door was shoved open and Gideon burst into my room, causing me to stagger backwards as he forced his way in. The door banged shut behind him and we stared at each other in the warm yellow lamplight. 
He had been running, his muscles flushed and lightly shimmering with sweat. His eyes were bright beneath drawn brows that made elegant slashes across his handsome face. 
He was also, quite obviously, spattered with blood. 
“G-Gideon!” I stared at him, my eyes sweeping along his limbs to make sure he wasn’t injured, “Are you okay?” 
Gideon gave a low, guttural growl in his throat as he stalked towards me. I backpedaled at the furious light in his eyes. 
“Gideon” 
“No,” he snapped as his arm reached towards me and his hand gripped my throat, “I am not okay.” 
My eyes went wide as his fingers slid to the back of my neck, jerking me towards him as his mouth slashed against mine. 
He tasted like danger. 
I opened my mouth to protest and his tongue slid against mine. I went to push him away but his fingers tangled in the hair at the back of my head and tipped my face up, angling me so that he could plunder my mouth more thoroughly. 
My fingers curled in his shirt as my brain frizzed to a stop. There was a small part of my brain yelling that he couldn’t just do this! He couldn’t just barge into my room and take what he wanted! 
But the rest of my brain was fully enjoying the kiss, and the way his free hand was currently roaming down my backside, squeezing and caressing as though he had every right to roam his hands across me. 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 233
Chapter 233 
+25 Bonus 
Something bumped into the back of my legs and I realized that I had backed all the way into my bed and the whole time Gideon’s hands and mouth never stopped touching me. 
“Gideon,” I panted against his lips, “What are you doing?” 
I was trying to buy myself time. Time to remember exactly why I had been so angry at him. It was so hard to think when he was touching me like this. 
“I want you, Avery,” my Alpha’s eyes were fogged with lust, and a wild energy poured off of him in waves, “and I intend to show you exactly how much.” 
His hand slid along my arm and grasped my wrist and pulled my hand to the front of his trousers. I gasped as I felt him, solid and surging against my palm. 
Despite everything we had done, I blushed furiously. 
“Gideon!” 
“You drive me crazy, Avery,” he released my wrist and instead wrapped both hands around my waist, lifting me easily and throwing me on the bed before prowling towards me on all fours. 
Something in me snapped, and I crossed my arms and glared. 
“You’ll not win me back so easy!” 
Gideon snarled but he froze his forward movement across the coverlet. 
“You can’t resist this forever, Avery,” he bared his teeth, “I can feel your desire through our bond. Why pretend this isn’t what we both want? What our wolves want?” 
I arched an eyebrow at him and tried to keep my gaze above the belt, to prevent distraction. 
“Because you don’t deserve me,” I snapped back. 
Gideon’s hands ran up my legs as he moved over me until his face was inches from mine. I felt a tugging at my middle, as though an invisible rope tied us together and my mark flared hot. 
“Knock it off,” I glared at him and shoved my rejection through our bond. I saw Gideon’s face crease with pain as he felt the emotional whiplash, “I’m not so simple as to be won over by one night under the stars.” 
“Three nights, by my counting,” Gideon corrected. 
My glared deepened, “So you do remember the Alpha Ball, thank you for finally admitting it! I had almost forgotten how you’d pretended there was nothing between us and made me doubt myself for weeks!” 
Gideon scowled, “All that is past! We were starting new. Or have you already forgotten the oaths we took last night?” 
“Oh I’ve forgotten nothing about last night,” I licked my lips and watched Gideon follow the movement 
1/2 
Chapter 233 
+25 Bonus 
with his eyes hungrily, “especially the part where you revealed you were the one who ruined my life!” I scooted myself to the edge of the bed and stood, turning to face him with my hands in my hips, “besides, you’re filthy!” 
Gideon rose to tower over me, staring down he rasped, “I’ve been doing your dirty work, Avery. You left me to fight alone. I killed for you.” 
His words sent a chill down my spine. Slowly I raised my hand and cupped his cheek. He stilled beneath my touch, barely breathing. 
“Blood is cheap,” I whispered, “I can’t build a life built of blood and corpses,” my lips brushed against his ever so gently, “Build something worthwhile, and I’ll consider giving you another night,” I stepped back and pointed at the door, “if you won’t leave, I will.” 
Gideon’s hands twitched at his sides and he made a strangled noise on his throat as I pulled away. A 
I 
surge of desire flowed across our bond and burned through me. 
“We’re stronger together,” he said firmly, “the sooner you realize that, the easier this will be.” 
“Where was that intention when you cut me out of your life because your fake mate told you to?” I snapped, “I’ve been showing up for you this whole time! You’re the one who left me to die when the Rogue King attacked, but now you talk to me about solidarity? Fuck off, Gideon!” (2) 
I stormed towards the door and out onto the hallway. I was too angry to go back to bed now anyways. I slammed the door behind me and shoved my anger and disgust through our bond. 
On the other side of the door I heard Gideon howl. Good. I hoped he hated me. 
And I wished it was easier for me to hate him. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 234
Chapter 234 
Avery’s POV 
My small victory lasted all of 8 hours. Then Gideon once more began to dog my steps. I supposed he’d had time to rest and shower, and then immediately came to find me. 
“What are you doing?” I asked as he knelt beside me in the dirt of the garden and began yanking up the weeds I was pulling. 
His eyes slid over in my direction, “This is important to you, yes?” 
“Yes?” I said with irritation. 
“Then I will help you with it,” he said simply. 
I glared at him. Was this some sort of new game? To shadow me at all times? 
“You don’t even know what you’re doing,” I snapped, “That’s not a weed, that’s a carrot you just pulled up!” 
“Then teach me,” Gideon said simply, “If it’s important to you, I want to know it.” 
“No.” 
“No?” 
“No! I don’t know what you’re up to, but knock it off,” I huffed and rose from my knees. If he wanted to learn what I did all day, he was about to learn how to rotate compost and dole out fertilizer. The stinky fish fertilizer smelled terrible, and Gideon’s face scrunched up as I carefully poured it into my watering 
can. 
“You’re welcome to leave at any time,” I told him snootily. 
“I want to be near you. You are my mate,” Gideon said with a smirk and took the watering can from me. 
“So you’re going to abandon your Alpha duties and spend your time following me around?” I asked, exasperated. 
“Yes,” he grinned at me, undeterred. He marched off towards the tomatoes and I stared after him with a crease between my eyebrows. Unsufferable man 
His broad muscles rippled as he lifted the heavy can and dumped it all over the leaves. 
“Hey! Not there!” I shouted, “It goes down under the leaves, the roots! Argh!” I stomped after him to show him how to do it. 
Begrudgingly, I had to admit after several hours of garden work were cleared out in record time, that having a big strapping Alpha around wasn’t so bad. 
‘You like looking at him, too,’ my wolf added knowingly. 
1/2 
Chapter 234 
+25 Bonus 
‘Shut up,’ I tore my eyes away from where I had been watching Gideon bend over to mend a fence rail. 
“What now?” Gideon asked, finishing the last of the tasks on my list for the day. 
“Now you go away,” I said, though I was too tired to put much strength in it. 
“No,” he said with that same implacable face, “I’m not leaving you.” (1) 
“What is this?” I lost my temper, wiping my muddy hands on my shirt, “When will you leave me alone?” 
“When you accept me as your mate,” Gideon said seriously, tilting his head towards me in the slanting sunlight. His eyes glittered as he looked me over. He reached out to wipe away a streak of mud that was stuck to my cheek, “Until then, you’re stuck with me.” 
He had a leaf stuck in his hair, and I reached up to snatch it away, then stuck my hands back in my pockets as though touching him had burned me. Through our bond I could feel his amusement. 
And his desire. 
“You want me,” Gideon said in a low voice, “I can feel it, Avery.” 
I wrenched my eyes away from a pile of hay I had been staring at and blushed. No, I absolutely had not been imagining Gideon and I tumbling into the golden straw and setting it afire with our desire… 
In the back of my mind, my wolf laughed at me. 
I closed my eyes and breathed deep. 
‘Remember why you are here,’ I told myself, ‘Remember all that you’ve gone through!’ 
Somehow the hard times I had suffered seemed not so bad when I was staring at this handsome Alpha on a bright summer’s day, and he said he wanted nothing more than to spend time with me. 
But I had spent the past two months in these fields alone. And somewhere locked up in the pack house at the top of the hill was the woman who he had allowed to make my life hell. 
1 opened my eyes and glared at him, and whatever he saw in my face made Gideon suddenly look serious and wary. 
“You cannot win me over with a few hours of attention. I have gone without you for so long, I don’t need you,” I said firmly, “You brought me here and told me not to expect a relationship from you. Would you be satisfied if I said the same to you now?” (2 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
? 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 235
Chapter 235 
“Avery,” Gideon said in a low voice, and across our bond I felt the ripples of his hurt and frustration, “I didn’t know you were my mate.” 
“And that changes everything, does it?” I demanded, “Maybe you should have treated me as though I were important the whole time, and you wouldn’t be in this predicament.” 
“You were important!” Gideon protested, “But what I felt for you….” He fell silent and shut his mouth into a firm line. 
“Aha! So you did feel something!” I crowed. 
“Of course I did!” Gideon growled, “How could I not? You defied me at every turn, but when I was with you, I found nothing else mattered. So why can you not feel the same way for me now?” 
I squeezed my eyes shut as his words struck a chord in my heart. Oh how I wanted to believe him! But how could I trust this would last if I gave in? 
‘You could try,’ my wolf urged. 
“No!” I shouted at both of them, “The only thing that has been constant about you is your incredible ability to hurt me! Why should I give you another chance to do more of the same?” 
Gideon stepped forward and caught my angry hand as I waved it in the air. He placed it on his chest and I felt warmth, and the slow, steady beat of his heart. More than that, I felt the tension that always existed between us ramp up. 
Being close to him overwhelmed my senses. If I stayed here, I would give in. 
With a furious cry, I yanked my hand away as though burned and turned and dashed all the way back to my rooms in the pack house and didn’t stop until I could collapse against the locked door. 
That had been too close. 
For the rest of the week, when Gideon appeared, I ignored him. When we appeared in public as a couple, however, I reversed course. I was sweet, gentle, and touched him constantly. The minute we were alone, I gave him the cold shoulder, and the sharp side of my tongue. (1) 
I could tell it was driving him crazy, and I exalted in the conflicting feelings that poured over our bond. He made no effort to hide how I affected him, and I could sense his pleasure when I touched him, and his rage when I was cruel. 
I told myself that it was no more than he deserved, that this was his punishment. In truth, I enjoyed it. Teasing him with small touches, my hand on his arm, a sweet kiss on his cheek, all of it brought me delight, and then to reject his advances utterly when we were in private, it was a feeling of power I had 
never had. 
It was a sadistic streak I hadn’t recognized in myself before, however, it had a purpose, I wanted to test the boundaries of what he would do to keep me. 
1/2 
Chapter 235 
+25 Bonus 
“Enough!” Gideon scowled, as we returned from another social pack dinner. He had taken my coat and was now carrying it up to my rooms behind me. “What do you want from me, Avery? Stop this torture.” 
I whirled on the steps to look down at him with an arrogant lift of my chin. 
“What would you give me?” I said, sweetly, “Money? Power?” 
“Everything,” Gideon growled, pausing, one foot on the step in front of him, “I want the old Avery back.” 
“Oh, you want the poor, naive, stupid girl you rescued?” I snapped, “She’s gone now, forever. You and Dierdra killed her. If she’s who you want, better to give up now!” 
I whirled and climbed the rest of the stairs, stalking towards my room. 
“I don’t think that you really want those things,” Gideon was a few steps behind me, “So let’s stop these games and be honest with each other. If there’s something you still want from me, then just say it and I will do my best to give it to you.” 
I opened the door to my room and turned to stare him in the face. He was earnest, his stormy eyes solemn as he looked at me sadly. 
“All I wanted was for you to love me, genuinely,” I said sorrowfully, “I would have given you everything if you had done that.” (1 
And then I slammed my bedroom door in his face. (1) 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 236
Chapter 236 
Avery’s POV 
“Don’t you think you’re being a bit cruel?” My mother censured mildly, looking at me from over the top of her book. She was getting stronger, and today the healers had said that she was strong enough to walk with me to the garden at the top of the hill. Now we sat on the bench under my favorite tree and enjoyed the warmth of the sun 
“You don’t think he deserves it?” I questioned, annoyance creeping into my tone. I hadn’t planned on telling her about what was going on between Gideon and I, but apparently we were the topic of conversation in the pack lately, and my mother had asked me what was going on. 
I hadn’t told her everything. Not about Gideon being my mate, or our ceremony under the stars. The first point would have overridden any conversation that came after. To my mother’s generation, mates were held above almost everything else. She would stare at me in horror to learn that I was treating my mate this way. 
“Daughter,” she said in the tone that meant I was about to get a lecture, “Alphas are a different type of creature. They aren’t like other men. No matter what he’s done, it’s in the past now.” 
Her words echoed what Gideon had said, that everything was different now that we were destined mates. A fact that I still couldn’t wrap my head around. How was it that I had ended up married to my mate before I even knew who he was? 
“That’s such an old-fashioned way of thinking, mom!” I waved my hand in irritation, as though I was batting away her words. “Letting Alphas get away with everything isn’t always better! Look at what happened to you and my father!” 
My mother’s face took on the harrowed look it had when she talked about my father. She didn’t like when I mentioned him. I felt bad at hurting her, and took her hand in my own, staring into her face searchingly. 
“You should never have been treated the way you were,” I said softly, “You did nothing wrong.” 
My mother brushed away the tears from her eyes and sniffed. 
“I don’t want to see you making my mistakes, is all,” She gripped my hand hard, and gave me a look that was full of love and hope. 
“I have no intention of letting anyone treat me badly ever again,” I said with force, “I will keep Gideon wrapped around my finger, not the other way around.” 
My mother shook her head, dismayed, “That sort of thinking is exactly how Zara acts.” 
Her words hit me as hard as if she had hauled back and slapped me. 
Was she right? Was I acting just like my half-sister? 
She had sowed seeds of doubt in my mind and I began to question whether I was doing the right thing in exacting my revenge from Gideon. I spent the rest of the time thinking while she returned to her book. 
1/2 
Chapter 236 
+25 Bonus 
When we were done with our outing and I had seen my mother safely back to her rooms I spent some time in the garden and kitchens getting my thoughts in order, then I went to find Gideon. 
“Avery,” he said with surprise as I placed a plate of homemade cookies on his desk along with a cold glass of blackberry lemonade, “You came to find me?” 
“I did,” I stared down at what I had brought him and then stepped around his desk and pushed gently back on his chair until it rolled backwards. With slow, deliberate movements, I sat on his lap and curled up, resting my head on his chest. 
Stunned, Gideon didn’t move for a long moment, then his arms closed around me and he gathered me against his chest, his chin resting on the top of my head. I felt the sudden rush of contentment and joy flooding along our bond, and I let the feelings wash over me. 
“You are still scared,” Gideon said, sensing my emotions in return, “but I don’t want to hurt you, Avery. 
You are mine.” 
“I know,” I whispered into his shoulder, “I’m sorry.” 
We stayed that way for a while. Finally I uncurled and moved to perch on the top of Gideon’s desk 
instead. 
“Your ice is melting,” I pointed out. The glass I had brought had left a ring of condensation on his desk 
top. 
Gideon lifted the glass and took a chug, wiping away the condensation with his sleeve. 
“This is good,” he said, finishing it quickly, “Did you make it?” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
H 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 237
Chapter 237 
“I did,” I said, watching him, “for you.” 
His face softened and he leaned forward, placing a finger under my chin and drawing me towards him to kiss me softly. 
I let him. 
“Does this mean you accept our bond?” Gideon said, hopeful. 
I stared at him a long moment. 
“I accept you, but…” I held up a hand when he surged forward, “I have no interest in the power-struggled and games of Pack hierarchy. It almost broke me,” I stared into his eyes, pleadingly, “I can’t take it, Gideon. I don’t think I’m strong enough,” I whispered. 
“We will face it together,” he squeezed my leg beneath his large hands, but I shook my head. 
“No, I am going to leave,” my words dropped into the space between us and exploded, “I will take my mother to the human world where she and I will finally be able to live a normal existence.” 
“What?!” Gideon instantly stood, his face angry and his eyes concerned, “Avery, the rogue threat is still very real. The Rogue King is actively looking for you! If you leave here, you won’t be protected, and neither will your mother. Are you really willing to take the risk that he captures her, or you, again?” 
“That’s why I need your help,” I said, pleadingly, “He won’t be expecting us to leave, and you can buy us 
time.” 
“Absolutely not!” Gideon roared, “Avery, this is insane! He knows what you are, and he will never stop until he gets you! This man is not stable, he wants to destroy everything that the packs have built, and for what? He delights in destruction. I can’t watch idly while he hunts you, not when I can be there by your 
side.” 
He reached out and grabbed my shoulders, shaking me lightly. I had never seen him look so anguished, and it broke my heart. 
“That’s why I can’t stay,” I tried to explain, though tears were starting to run from my eyes, “Gideon, I need you to understand this, even if you understand nothing else about me! I can’t have him target the people I love-I can’t stay here and know that he will hurt you and it’s my fault!” (2) 
We both froze as we realized what I had just admitted. Gideon’s hands tightened, vise-like, on my arms, and then he crushed me to him in an embrace. I heard his voice, muffled, next to my ear as he hugged 
me as though he’d never let me go. 
Through our bond, I felt his confusion, concern, and something else… 
“Gideon,” I tried to take it back, “I wasn’t saying that I love you, but even if I was… if you feel the same for me,” my own panic was rising, “you have to let me go! You can’t keep me here!” 
1/2 
Chapter 237 
+25 Bonus 
“I will never let you go,” he pulled back, and kissed me with so much intensity that I felt my heart pounding in my chest like it would burst. Oh, the passion in that kiss! He poured in all of his concern, his desire, his hurt, and his hope. 
It hurt, and it healed. 
I kissed him back. How could I not? This beautiful, powerful, terrifying man was telling me that he wanted me more than anything. That he would watch the world burn with me, if I asked it-even if it killed 

Which was why I couldn’t ask it. I couldn’t let myself be sucked down this dark road with him. Together, we would forever be targeted by the Rogue King. Only by separating could we have any hope of finding happiness, even if it meant we were forever missing our other half. 2 
My wolf’s sorrow flooded through me. She could not forgive my decision. 
“You have to let me go, Gideon,” I said, softly, resting my forehead against his. 1 
He sat down in his chair suddenly, staring at me with disbelief. 
“What-?” He placed his hand on his forehead. 
“I’m leaving now,” I hopped off his desk. He tried to reach for me, but his arms fell limply back in his lap. I gave him a pitying glance, “You have no choice. I put something in your drink. It will put you to sleep. When you awake, I’ll be gone. Don’t follow us.” 4 
Gideon opened his mouth to yell, but his head lolled backwards and his eyes closed. 
He might have looked asleep, but I could feel his rage and pain over our bond. 
1 pulled his office door shut behind me and locked it. 
Then I left. 1 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 238
Chapter 238 
Gideon’s POV 
The darkness was my enemy. 
I couldn’t remember why I was fighting, only that it was essential that I wake up. I punched upwards through the shadows. My limbs felt heavy and unresponsive, and I knew I still dreamed because the darkness was made of hands that clutched at me and tried to drag me back down into oblivion. 
There was one gleam of gold in the darkness, a radiant thread that seemed perpetually at the corner of my eyes. It moved when I tried to look at it directly, but its gleaming light was present nonetheless. When the anguish swamped over me, the golden thread pulled me forward, up and out. 
Avery. 
Her face swam before my eyes. I couldn’t remember anything, but Avery needed me. I could feel it. She was hurting. I needed to go to her. I needed to save her. 
My hands stopped their mindless flailing and instead, I reached for the golden cord. When I touched it, a thrum resounded in the darkness, and I was yanked upwards. 
When I opened my eyes, I was in my office. 
Night had fallen, my limbs were leaden, but I flexed them carefully and rose to my feet. Though my head was spinning, my vision was clearing. 
There was a plate of cookies and an empty glass on my desk. All of it laced with Avery’s consciousness- stealing draught, no doubt. I threw back my head and roared, remembering her deception. 
As I heard my warriors pounding down the hallways to my office at my summons, I threw open my office door and leaped out. 
“Find me the Luna and her mother,” I snapped. My warriors wasted no time asking questions, they saluted and whirled, dashing off to follow my commands. I stalked up the stairs to Avery’s room, but felt no surprise when I found it empty. 
She had felt so good in my arms, my body supplied the physical memory unhelpfully, and I groaned and rubbed at the lingering headache in my temples. She had tried to deceive me, and she had successfully drugged me, but parts of it were real. 
The way she had melted into my embrace. 
The way she had accidentally admitted that she loved me. 
I would hold onto those feelings while I searched for her. They would keep me warm in the sudden cold I. felt with her gone. 
I had already hunted for her once, and I had found her finally, 
1/3 
Chapter 238 
+25 Bonus 
I would not lose her again. 
Minutes, then hours ticked by. From the windows of the pack house I could see my warriors swarming over the village and the forest and fields beyond. I knew they hadn’t yet found her, but they would. 
I may have slept for a few hours, but in these territories, that still limited possible destinations to only a handful. I doubted she had thrown her recovering mother into the wilds and fens, so they would be in a vehicle of some sort, and there were only so many roads leading out of town. 
My warriors would drive fast, and they would look for any sign that vehicles had passed by recently. It was only a matter of time before they determined their direction. 
And then the pursuit would begin. 
“Alpha,” Teagan appeared in the doorway, “We have found them, but our warriors cannot get closer.” 
“Report,” I said, already making my way towards the pack vehicles. 
“She went to the enchantress. They are inside, we believe, but the car is missing and we cannot get closer.” 
I gritted my teeth. Sofia. The witch normally stayed out of pack business, but she had some connection to Avery, who had sometimes turned to her for help with healing. 
I wasn’t sure I would fare any better against the wards of a powerful enchantress. 
But I would try. 
Within the hour I stood at the end of the road where I knew the enchantress’ field began. As I expected, I 
could see no house. 
But I knew it was there. 
She might have magic to befuddle my mind, and confuse my senses, but the bond that glowed in my chest was a guide rope that could not be so easily severed. 
“Wait here,” I told my men, “If anyone comes out, detain them.” 
Then I began to walk. 
The woods around me were profusely blooming, and even in the darkness they filled the air with pale, gleaming petals, and fragrant perfume. It was distracting, and I kept wanting to stop, to explore, to rest. 
Sofia’s magic was strong. I could sense it tugging at the corners of my mind. 
I bit my thumb with my sharp canine teeth. The blood welled up in the pad of my finger and the pain, while slight, helped to center me. I knew the house was here, it was nearby. 
Avery was nearby. 
I closed my eyes to cut out the distractions of the enchantments. I couldn’t trust my eyes or other 
2/3 
Chapter 238 
senses. 
Only my heart. 
+25 Bonus 
Somewhere in front of me, she was there. Annoyed, afraid, and… hopeful. She wanted me to find her, even when she was trying to convince herself otherwise. 
I surged in the direction I thought she might be, and suddenly I was slamming into a hard surface. I opened my eyes, and there was a wooden door. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+2 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 239
Chapter 239 
I had found the house. I raised my hand to bang on it, but it swung open before I could lower my fist. 
The enchantress stood there with a bemused expression on her face, “Well, aren’t you a big dumb brute, but I guess I won’t make you break down the door,” she scowled, “come in. She’s in the kitchen.” 
She led me through to the kitchen where Avery rose from the table, pale faced and wide-eyed. 
“You…” she staggered at the sight of me and grabbed the back of her chair, “How You should still be sleeping?” 
“I am not sorry to disappoint you,” I growled, looking her over quickly for injuries, “Get your mother, we’re returning.” 
Avery shook her head vehemently, “You’re too late. She’s already gone. I secured passage for her hours ago and she is heading to a safe place.” 
“Avery,” I wanted to shake her, “There are no safe places.” 
“I know that,” her eyes flashed, “especially not with you! And now I am leaving.” 
She walked past me, giving me a pointed look, “Why don’t you sit, have a cup of tea.” 
“No thanks,” I growled, “I’ve had quite enough of your concoctions…” 
I grabbed for her arm, but suddenly ropes of light shot between us. It was like being inside of a bubble and my hand glanced off. Over Avery’s shoulder I saw Sofia gesturing with her hands. Some sort of spell? 
Magic was just another sort of will. Mine was stronger. 
I reached forward again, and put all of my strength in the motion. The bubble wall pushed forwards and Avery stepped back, avoiding it as I managed to move forward another full foot. 
“Goodbye, Gideon,” She was saying, but the words reached me as though muffled through glass. 
“Stop running,” I gritted my teeth at the effort this was taking, my slow progression across the room. towards her and the witch, “You can’t avoid me forever!” 
There was a large plate-glass mirror on the wall behind her. I lunged forwards and the bubble suddenly popped, sending me staggering into her, and crashing both of us into the mirror beyond. I heard Sofia yell, but then the strangest sensation overtook me and it felt as though I was sinking very slowly through 
a lake of silver. 
Avery was still in my arms, now clinging to me, and we fell through the surface of the mirror together. I stared at her in disbelief, and saw her own shock reflected back at me. Then there were two of her, then 
three. 
We were standing on a path, and in each direction there was another branching trail, silver bricks on the 
1/3 
Chapter 239 
+25 Bonus 
ground. In front of me, I saw the back of a man and a woman, wearing mine and Avery’s clothes. I whirled and to the right, I saw the same couple, but they looked slightly different. 
Some sort of illusion? 
I held onto Avery tightly, turned her to face me, “We need to get out of here. This is some sort of enchantment.” 
But she didn’t respond, she was staring at something I couldn’t see. Then she stared down at her body 
and ran her hands over her stomach. 
I frowned. Could she hear me? Was she hurt? 
“Avery?” I shook her, “We need to find the exit from this place.” I looked around, desperately. Every minute we were stuck in this mirror world was another minute the enchantress had to try and keep me here forever. I had no doubt that if it suited her purposes, she would keep Avery as well. 
There. 
My third spin with Avery in my arms, I saw the mirror through which we’d entered, hovering above the path. I lifted my mate in my arms and dashed towards the glass, diving through it and hearing it shatter as the many-pathed road collapsed behind us. 
And then we were on the floor of Sofia’s hallway. Avery was crying as I rose to my feet with her still clasped in my arms. 
Sofia was standing in front of the door, palms outstretched towards us, but her face was pale and 
strained. 
“Step aside, witch,” I bellowed, “Your magic cannot stop our bond.” 
In my arms, Avery struggled, but when I looked at her it seemed as though she was looking at something far away, with a distressed expression. I needed to get her home, then we would sort out whatever this 
was. 
I charged forward. For a moment it looked as though Sofia would continue to try and stop me, and then at the last second she stepped aside and I marched out into the night. 
“I don’t want to go,” Avery fought as I tried to put her in the car, but I overpowered her and buckled her 
into the seat. 
“If you won’t come by choice, you are coming by force,” I gritted my teeth and climbed into the car to drive back. 
She fell silent, and said nothing further. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 240
Chapter 240 
Avery’s POV 
I need an escape plan. 
The words kept running through my head the whole drive back to Nightwolf pack. A drive that felt like going backwards. A regression towards a state of being I had rejected. 
At least I had gotten my mother away. Gideon might still hunt for her, but now that he had me back, I was hopeful he would let her go. 
When we got back to the village he marched me from the car up to my rooms and followed me in. 
“Avery, we need to talk,” he was standing by the door, arms crossed. I was seated on the bed. I was so tired. Our escape and return had taken all night. 
I didn’t want to answer his questions. I wanted to put my head down and sleep. I was emotionally drained from fighting Gideon, and from fighting myself. 
Every time we were in the same room, it took all my willpower to stay away from him. The bond between us was a steady pull that meant he was always the center of my focus. When I wasn’t concentrating on fighting it, I would drift towards him instinctually. 
When we were in the car, my hands crept across the seat towards his hand on the shifter. 
Fighting my own body, my own emotions, was fatiguing enough, but something else was wearying me as well. 
The thing I had seen in the mirror. 
When we had stood on that silver path, Gideon hadn’t realized what we were looking at, but I had. 
The crossroads had been a marker of our point in time, each path that branched outwards a step towards a possibility. A multitude of futures. 
I had seen the detail he hadn’t in our reflections. Gideon had seen the man and woman, he and I, on each path. 
I had seen a man, woman, and child. 
It was still early, and perhaps I was wrong, but there was something about the magic that had given me certainty in my mind. 
I was carrying Gideon’s pup. 
The aftermath of our mating ceremony had been so distracting, with the revelation of my mark, and that we were fated mates. It had overshadowed the act we had performed, and the fact that there was a solid possibility that mating under the Full Mating Moon could result in a pup. 
My heat had come on so strong, I hadn’t truly considered the ramifications. Now I felt a mix of emotions. 
1/2 
Chapter 240 
+25 Bonus 
Joy at the possibility of a child. Concern that I could not provide for them adequately. Fear that when Gideon found out, he would not be pleased. (1) 
There was no doubt that he was the father, now. He had admitted to being my mystery lover from the Alpha Ball, and the man who had first mated with me when my heat came on at the beginning. That meant he was the only man I had slept with. 
“Avery,” he was kneeling in front of me now. When had he moved? I had been drifting with my thoughts, and I blinked at him in a daze, “are you alright?” 
“Yes,” I said slowly, shaking my head. I gave him a small smile, “just tired.” 
“Sleep,” he ordered, pointing at the bed. Obediently, I climbed under the blankets. Gideon stepped to the door and turned off the lights. I saw his silhouette in the doorframe, illuminated by the lights in the hallway, as he stared in at me for a long moment. 
Then he was gone, and I slept. 
In the morning, I fixed one thought in my mind. I needed to put Gideon at ease so that I could escape. However, when I went to leave my room, I found a complication. 
Gideon had assigned his guards to stand outside my room, and when I went down to breakfast, his sister announced that she would be keeping me company as well. 
Assigning Camila to keep an eye on me was overkill, and I glared at Gideon over my breakfast, but he ignored me. Ultimately, I had to spend the next few days with a shadow, Camila trailed me as I performed my Luna duties, and would sit in my office with me while I worked. My only consolation was that I was pretty sure I drove her as crazy as she drove me. 
Also, I was pretty sure she was starting to catch on to the fact that I was pregnant. If she hadn’t, the incessant bathroom trips would give it away soon enough. I felt like I couldn’t drink enough water, and my bladder was working overtime as a result. 
That and the morning nausea were painting a pretty obvious picture to anyone paying attention. After a week of feeling like I was under a microscope, I appeared in Gideon’s office. 
“Avery,” he acknowledged, “no refreshments this time?” 
I took a deep breath and kept my temper in check at his taunt. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
+2 
曲 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 241
Chapter 241 
“I need to finish brewing it first,” I said sweetly, smiling at him. 
We regarded each other warily. 
“How can I be of service?” Gideon said finally, his tone just a touch too affected, “I wouldn’t expect to see you for another three weeks.” 
At first I didn’t catch his meaning, then I realized he was referring to the next Full Mating moon and blushed. 
“I don’t require your services in that way,” I said primly, “The quality wasn’t quite up to my standards.” 
A dangerous gleam appeared in his eye, and he rose and walked closer to me. I backed up until his desk was at my back. 
“What exactly wasn’t pleasing to you?” he asked in a low voice, “And please, be detailed.” 
I waved my hand at him, “I wouldn’t expect you to understand. It just didn’t suit my tastes.” “Bullshit,” he smirked, “The sounds you made implied otherwise.” 
This was not what I had come to discuss, I needed to get the conversation back on track. 
“I’m bored with my current duties… and company. I want my freedom back.” 
“Not a chance,” Gideon pivoted and went back to working behind his desk, “Anything else?” 
“Please, Gideon,” I hadn’t tried this angle yet, but it was worth a try, “If I need to sit in that tiny office with Camila for another hour, you won’t have any family left. We’ll murder each other within the week. Give me something to do that gets me out and about.” 
“Special assignments are for good, obedient, wives and Lunas,” Gideon raised an eyebrow and stared at me, “I’m not sure that you qualify.” 
I rounded his desk and hovered by his side, brushing my hand along his sleeve as I leaned down and planted a sweet, chaste kiss on his cheek. 
“Please?” I whispered. 
“Fine,” Gideon said after a few moments of stillness, “I’m putting you in charge of overseeing all the arrangements for the annual mating ceremony. You will also need to make an appearance by my side, as my wife and participate with me in the ceremony. We are supposed to act as mentors for those who are mating for the first time, and that means being open to answering questions if the young wolves have them.” 
I winced. Being a relationship coach for a bunch of horny young men and women was not appealing. Gideon sensed my reluctance and gave me a smug look. 
“Of course, if you think you’re not up for it…” 
1/2 
Chapter 241 
+25 Bonus 
“No, I got it,” I grimaced and headed for the door. 
“Bye, wife,” Gideon laughed as I slammed it shut behind me. 
This was going to be a pain in my ass, but at least being in charge of the ceremony would give me the access I needed to pack supplies to start stashing funds and materials to stage another escape. 
‘You should not do this thing,’ my wolf cut in suddenly, ‘Staying with him is the best thing for our child.” 
Annoyed, I ignored her, even though doing so made my heart ache. Fighting with ones wolf was like fighting with yourself. It gave me a headache and a lot of unease. 
Her comments put doubt in my heart, and that evening as the moon rose, I decided to do something I hadn’t done in a long time. I went out into the forest and found a quiet spot to try and commune with the Moon Goddess. 
It had been a while since I felt like I had really tried to connect with the one deity who had ever showed an interest in my life. My thoughts kept going back to what my wolf had said when I had shifted for the first time-that I should talk to my mother about what had locked my wolf away inside me for so long. 
However, my mother had refused to answer, and now she was hopefully safe in the human settlements to the south. I would get no answers there. 
“Moon Goddess,” I prayed, as her silver light drifted through the trees, “I ask for your blessing on me and my child. Please show me what I should do.” 
I stood there for a few long moments, trying to listen for the Goddess’ guidance. 
When I opened my eyes, I saw Gideon approaching through the woods. How had he found me? 
Ah, right, the guards. He had relaxed their presence somewhat, but I should have known he’d still have people watching from a distance. 
“I came to make sure you weren’t trying to run away again,” Gideon’s grin was unapologetic, “Shall we go back to the pack house?” 
1 had no choice but to follow him back. 
Irritated, I muttered to the darkness, “This was not the sign I was looking for.” 
‘But maybe it’s what you needed,’ my wolf said pointedly. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 242
Chapter 242 
Avery’s POV 
Avoidance became the name of the game from there on out. 
Not avoidance of Gideon, or Camila. 
Avoidance of myself. Of the inner monologue that kept trying to tell me that I might be making the wrong choice. I didn’t want to consider that possibility. 
I didn’t want to consider that the only plan I had might be useless. 
That I was useless. 
The last few months of my life had been driven by other people’s decisions. When I stopped to consider why I kept trying to leave, it was staring me in the face that it might be the only control I had in my life. 
My Luna duties were proscribed. My wifely duties were nonexistent, so long as Gideon and I remained 
hostile. 
Not that he was being hostile to me. More like on guard. 
I could sense his desire smoldering across our bond, and when he slept at night it intensified, keeping me awake with echoes of his desperation. 
For me. 
But I had been possessed for so long. All I could think was that these men had wanted me first for being expendable, then for being indispensable, and from either end of that spectrum I had remained a plaything in their games of power. 2 
Would my child enter this world as a defenseless babe, as the pawn of those who would seek to control, use, and dominate their life? Knowing that the Rogue King already believed that any child I bore would be fated to be powerful, I knew he would not allow us to live a simple life. 
Not while he still lived. 
I loved this child, even before I could feel them. I loved and hated how they threatened to upend my life completely, I had thought the path before me had seemed simple, if hard. Now it felt impossible. 
I spent all my time working on the tasks Gideon had given me, trying to avoid my own thoughts. The wolf within me made that impossible. She was strong, opinionated, and very sure that I was fucking up. 
‘You are scared,’ she told me one afternoon, while I paced through the pack house trying to distract myself, ‘and it is never good to run when you are scared. That’s how rabbits get caught.” 
‘I am not a rabbit,’ I thought angrily, ‘I am a wolf.’ 
‘Then show your fangs and destroy those who oppose you,’ she urged, ‘that will do more for our pup than this panicking.’ 
1/3 
Chapter 242 
+25 Bonus 
I growled in my throat. My wolf always thought everything reduced down to simple dynamics of hunter and prey, but that was her world, not mine. My world was more complex, and its dangers were less obvious but no less painful. (1 
I hadn’t been watching where I was walking. Now, I raised my head as I realized where I was. 
This was a corridor I had avoided coming down for weeks. 
Because it was where she was. 
I understood that she was still kept under guard, but that Gideon had allowed her time in the training yard every day. 
Now, impulse took hold of me and I stepped past the guard outside her door and into her room. 
“Hello, Dierdra,” I said, as she lifted her head in surprise. She had been eating her dinner, I saw, though 
most of the food was untouched. 
“I wondered when you would come to gloat,” Dierdra looked paler, but her eyes were still intense. She 
stared at me with barely concealed hatred. 
I ignored the look in her eyes and stepped further into the room, shutting the door behind me. 
“You’re not worried I’ll kill you?” she sneered, “Maybe you want the guards to escort you in my presence.” 
“We both know how it would go if you tried,” I bared my teeth at her. 
We both remembered the scene on the path where my wolf’s voice had made her submit. 
“What do you want?” Dierdra hissed, “Did you get bored with your perfect life, now that you have the 
perfect Alpha to yourself?” 
Truthfully, I wasn’t sure why I had come. Perhaps I had just wanted to remind myself of what I had fought for, and won. 
“Gideon has allowed me to oversee your daily activities,” I lied. 
Her eyes darted around, guiltily. She was, no doubt, remembering what had happened when our positions were reversed. 
“Starting tomorrow, you will begin hard labor in the fields,” I smiled nastily, heading for the door, “so make sure you get good rest tonight.” 
My hand was on the door handle when she said, “He doesn’t love you.” 
I froze, turned to look at Dierdra, who gave a cold smile, 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 243
Chapter 243 
“He told me he never could love you. He might pretend, but he’s a very good liar. When he tells you how much he need you, how much you are meant for each other, just know that he said those things to me first.” 
“You’re a bitch, Dierdra,” I said, opening the door. 
“Have a nice night!” she responded as I fled into the hall and clasped my shaking hands together. This had been a stupid idea. 
“Tomorrow, the prisoner will be assigned to work in the fields,” I said to the two guards present, before stalking down the hallway. They were the same two guards who had been assigned to oversee me, and the meaningful glances they gave each other indicated that they understood the assignment perfectly. 
The next day I went to find my husband. 
I wasn’t sure why, exactly, other than that perhaps my wolf’s comments about action instead of running away had finally registered. 
I knocked rapidly on his bedroom door and when he opened it, I pushed past him into the space. 
“Avery,” Gideon was dressed in just a button down shirt and slacks, and the shower was running as though he had been about to climb in. 
“Why do you think we should be together?” I blurted out. 
Gideon tilted his head towards me, eyes narrowing. 
“Our wolves…” 
“I don’t mean our mate bond. That, I know is true, though sometimes I wish it wasn’t.” My voice was harsh in my own ears, “but outside of that. Why do you want me?” 
Gideon was quiet for a long moment, “You are beautiful. You are a good Luna. I can trust you, and I value loyalty so much,” he stepped closer and reached out one hand to tuck a strand of my hair behind my ear. 
“Despite your insistence in trying to escape me, I don’t think you’re running away from me,” he said in a low voice, his lips brushing my ear as he leaned close, “I think you’re running away from being needed. I think you are trying to figure out who you are, and you think that by escaping you can figure it out.” 
I stood, frozen, as his words pierced to the center of me. 
“But if it helps, I do need you.” 
“Like you needed Dierdra?” I threw out, and the word ended in a sob, “I don’t want to end up like her, Gideon. I’m worried if I stay here, I will.” 
“Dierdra was a traitor,” Gideon reminded me, his eyes searching mine as he pulled back to look down in my upturned face, “You could never be her.” 
1/2 
Chapter 243 
+25 Bonus 
“I think, if I couldn’t trust anyone, I might. If I keep losing everything I thought I had gained, I might,” I said, tears running down my face. 
“Shhh,” Gideon reached out and wiped away the hot droplets from my cheekbones, “Is that what you think will happen? That you will lose it all if you stay?” 
“I think I’ve watched it happen once, to her. How do I know that you won’t turn on me?” 
“Are you selling me out to my enemies?” Gideon asked, seriously. 
“No.” 
“Then it can never happen. You are my mate,” he shrugged simply, “I cannot leave you. I will not,” then his eyes narrowed, “You are the one who is trying to leave.” 
I felt defensive, though it was true, “I have always done my duty as Luna!” I snapped, “You had also told me that you would never have a relationship with me like this! What was I supposed to think?” 
Gideon’s eyes glittered in irritation, “Everything has changed now that we are mates.” 
“Has it?” I cried out, “How do I know that it won’t go back to how it was?” 
“I will show you that I am constant,” Gideon said finally, reaching for me. His arms slid around my waist and he pulled me towards him. Reluctantly, I sank into his embrace. 
The bond between us hummed and surged. I hated that this felt so good. I wanted to know that he 
wouldn’t hurt me, but there was no way to prove such a thing. 
A harsh knock sounded on the door, “Sir? There are rogue skirmishers sighted on the outskirts of the 
village.” 
Reluctantly, I pulled back. 
“I need to go,” Gideon said, buttoning his shirt back up, though his eyes were still locked on my face and something similar to concern was flitting across his features. 
“I know,” I said, bitterly. 
He reached for my hand and tugged me towards him again. 
“Come with me.” 
42 
日 
仙 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 244
Chapter 244 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon’s gaze was intense as he tugged me towards him. 
The village alarm klaxons were ringing in the distance. It was unusual for rogues to attack so close to the village. They were growing bolder each month. Their increasing pressure made me feel as though. the walls were closing in. 
5 
Gideon was still looking at me as he pulled me towards the door. This would be the first time he’d invited me to go along with him towards combat. Was it because my wolf was stronger? Or was it because he didn’t want me out of his sight? 
Finally I nodded and we rushed towards the village. There was a pack of warriors gathered in the Main Street, while scouts and others rushed around the village perimeter. 
“Report,” Gideon instructed his Beta. 
“Rogues spotted in the tree lines, sir. We’re not sure what they’re doing. They haven’t attacked.” 
“Where are they concentrated?” 
Tegan escorted us towards a path between the buildings that led out into the fields surrounding the village. 
“They’re just past the end of this field, sir.” 
I squinted in the direction he was pointing. This was near where I had spent a lot of time working the last few months, repairing stone fences and hauling in deliveries. 
“Who spotted them?” Gideon asked. 
“One of the guards of the old Luna, sir,” Tegan’s eyes flickered to me as he said it. 
My head snapped up. Dierdra. 
“They’ve come for her,” I said, shock flowing through me. 
“What?” Gideon turned towards me, eyes narrowing. 
“Dierdra,” I said numbly, as comprehension washed over me, “Today she was to work out here. Stupid, stupid, stupid!” I berated myself. 
“Where is the other guard who was with Dierdra?” Gideon turned back to Tegan, who did not have an answer. There was a ripple of movement among the warriors. 
“We will need to send a party out to that stand of trees,” Tegan quickly began pulling a group together, Recapture the woman, retrieve and rescue. Let’s go!” 
I watched them swarm across the field, many shifting to increase speed. There was a distant howling as 
1/3 
Chapter 244 
+25 Bonus 
they entered the trees, and then only the distant sound of combat. 
“Avery,” Gideon said slowly, “Why was Dierdra assigned to this field? I made no such assignation.” 
I wrapped my arms around myself and turned to face him. 
“I changed her orders last night,” I lowered my eyes away from his piercing stare, “I’m sorry.” 
“Why did you do it?” he asked, voice low and furious. 
I pressed my lips together. I didn’t want to explain, but how else could I justify my actions? 
“I went to talk to her,” I confessed, “She said… some things. I decided to assign her to the same work she had me doing during my punishment. It seemed… fitting.” 
“What did she say?” Gideon’s voice was like iron and it made me shudder. 
“She said…” I squared my shoulders and lifted my head to try and meet his gaze. All of my desperation and sorrow and hurt was in my eyes when I said, “That you were lying to me. That you are using me.” 
The muscle in Gideon’s cheek was jumping as he stared at me. He didn’t even look away when Tegan approached with the report that they’d run the rogues off but Dierdra had gone with them. 
And that they’d found a wounded man in the woods. The guard who had stayed with Dierdra when his partner had notified the warriors of the approach of the Rogues. 
“Tegan,” Gideon said, still staring hard at me, “The Luna and I will be meeting at the pack house. See that we are not interrupted.” 
“Yessir,” his Beta saluted. 
The walk back to the pack house was tense. Gideon didn’t lead.me to the upstairs offices or our rooms, instead he took me back to the kitchen and sat me at the tall table. 
“Avery,” he said, sliding into the stool across from me, “I need to ask you some questions.” 
Warily, I nodded. 
“What was it that Dierdra made you do, exactly, during your punishment?” 
So I explained to him all the tasks I had been assigned. Moving rocks, digging ditches, cleaning bathrooms. 
“I see,” Gideon said, when I was finished, “You thought that this was some sort of fitting revenge to make her do the same things you had done?” 
“Yes, I suppose so,” I muttered. 
“You do believe that you and I are mates, yes?” he ducked his head to meet my eyes. 
Mutely, I nodded. 
2/3 
Chapter 244 
+25 Bonus 
“You may have your doubts about me, and my intentions, but you believe our bond is real?” 
I nodded again. 
“You know Dierdra is a liar, and yet you let her words get to your head,” Gideon frowned, “It seems to me like there’s something else going on here. She played you, but she also knew you would be susceptible to it. Why is that?” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
日 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 245
Chapter 245 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 245 
His words struck a chord in me, and I paused to consider. After a while, only one conclusion was 
obvious. 
“She knows my half-sister, and through her she probably knows… what happened to me in Silvermoon. She knew that I had been betrayed.” 
Gideon inhaled a heavy breath. 
“Tell me more about that,” he demanded. 
“The night you and I… the night we met,” I cleared my throat, “I was supposed to meet with Ryan, my boyfriend. It was the Full Mating Moon, and we were… going to try… for the first time.” 
“Your first time… ever?” Gideon looked surprised. I nodded. 
“Yes, I hadn’t… with anyone… I thought it would make us mates, and I had wanted to. Ryan said he wanted to also, he was always pressuring me… anyways.” 
Gideon’s hands curled into fists on the countertop. 
“I showed up but…” the memory rushed in with the force of a hurricane, encouraged by my cracking the door open to these painful recollections, “he was already… That is to say, they were coupling. Ryan and 
her…” 
“Zara?” Gideon confirmed. I nodded, shakily running my own hands down my legs. I felt so cold. 
“Yes, she said she and he were mates. She had already… I mean I caught them, but I’m pretty sure she wanted me to,” I breathed in a shuddering breath, “And then I ran away, and I met you.” 
“Yes, you met me,” Gideon said, darkly. He raised his hand and 1 thought for a moment he was going to bang his fist on the table. Hearing about Ryan made him angry. Instead, he reached out and ran his hand down my arm. 
“The night we mated the first time was the night that Ryan and Zara betrayed you,” he reiterated and I nodded, “Perhaps though, it was meant to be. We are fated mates, Avery.” 
I stared at him. I hadn’t considered it that way. 
“Fated mates don’t abandon each other,” Gideon said firmly, “Nor do I want to. You are mine, body and soul, Avery Nightwolf. You should remember that. What we have is not common.” 
I reached up and grabbed his hand, holding in my cold fingers. 
“I haven’t told anyone about that night,” I said softly, “Or about what Zara did to me. She was the one who encouraged my father to threaten to kill me, and then to marry me off to you.” 
“And I bet she hates herself for it,” Gideon said with cruel satisfaction. 
I supposed, probably, she did. 
1/2 
Chapter 245 
+25 Bonus 
“Now, what do I do with you?” he turned his attention back to me, and my heart sank. 
“I am sorry,” I bowed my head again, “I let Dierdra get under my skin and that led to her escape.” 
“Do you have any other questions you need to ask me?” Gideon said, face hard, “I would rather you come to me and ask, not listen to the gossip and cruelty of others.” 
Was that true? That he would rather I bring to him my worries and he would answer and reassure me? I was blown away by the invitation. 
A part of my head told me it was only so that he could lie to my face more effectively. 
“I don’t know,” I said, feeling frightened, “I just am tired of being hurt.” 
Gideon’s face softened. 
“How about this? I will promise never to lie to you, and you do the same for me.” 
My heart leaped, then immediately sank. 
I had a secret I couldn’t risk telling. 
“No,” I said, feeling ashamed, “I can’t promise that.” 
Gideon’s face froze, and then grew hard. 
“So you want our trust to be one-sided?” he snarled, “One of us isn’t operating in good faith, Avery.” 
I cowered away from him. It was true. I was asking things of him that I wasn’t willing or able to give, myself. I wouldn’t tell him about our child. I still planned on getting them away from here, and Gideon 
would never allow that. 
“So, what was your plan?” Gideon’s voice was cold, “Come to me with your accusations based on a liar’s words, spin me a sob story about your past, and then when I’ve given you access to everything you want, you shut me out?” 
He rose from the table, and looked back at me with a look of disgust, “If that’s how you think fated mates treat each other, then you’re the one who isn’t ready for this relationship.” (2 
He left the kitchen, and I sat there, surprised at how much his words stung. 
P 
Comments 
仙 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 246
Chapter 246 
Avery’s POV 
Now, in addition to my own Internal war about leaving, I had added shame for my own hypocrisy, and guilt for letting Dierdra be recaptured by the Rogue King, 
At least my desire to ignore being left alone to stow in my own emotions meant I threw myself into the preparations for the Annual Mating Ceremony. The logistics were daunting, but unfortunately there were also a few key events leading up to the day whore Gideon and I were expected to appear as a couple. 
There was a solstice luncheon, where everyone gathered on the pack house’s south patio to bat eyelashes at each other under sweaty brows. Romantic, 
Then there was some sort of rustic hay wagon ride, where flirtatious young wolves could get hauled behind an ancient tractor that spat great clouds of black exhaust as it chugged through the orchard and along the river. 
By the time the Moon-Viewing Cocktail Soiree arrived, I was very ready to just throw myself into the lake and let my body become a habitat for zebra mussels. 1 
It didn’t help that Gideon’s behavior towards me had done a complete 180 since the day Dierdra was recaptured. Previously he had been trying to earn my affection. Even when he forcibly returned me from Sofia’s house, he had still been trying to convince me to soften towards him. 1 
Now he seemed cold and distant. 
I knew I shouldn’t feel as hurt by it as I did. After all, I was the reason he had put up this wall between us. I had given him reason to believe I was lying to him. 
And I was. At least, by omission. 
I was still in the early stages of pregnancy, but I had cramping intermittently as the embryo embedded itself firmly into my womb, and I felt extremely fatigued. 
All of these symptoms were normal and expected, and I did wish that I could talk to him about them. This was supposed to be an exciting time for any couple, and I wished we had the sort of relationship where I could do those silly things other couples did. Take photos of his hands on my belly. Spend time picking out colors to paint a nursery. <2) 
Instead, I couldn’t tell him anything. 
My child could not be raised here. The recent incursion by the Rogue King had made that crystal clear. What if it had been my child playing out in the fields who had been kidnapped? If it was so easy to capture Dierdra, then it would be just as easy for someone to snatch a kid and take them from me. 
I would never allow that to happen. (1 
Any child of mine would be subjected to the same belief the Rogue King had touted, that my bloodline was destined to be extremely powerful. There were a lot of terrible people who would use that 
1/2 
Chapter 246 
+25 Bonus 
information to their advantage. 
So I kept my mouth shut about my developing pregnancy, and I accepted Gideon’s cold demeanor as the price I deserved to pay. 
Which made ceremonies like the one we were standing in right now all the more awkward. This was supposed to be a show of unity, where half the eligible wolves interested in the mating ceremony lit candles and then the other wolves who were interested in them lit their candles off of each other. Gideon and I were supposed to kick it off by lighting each other’s candles, but we were performing the ritual with almost no show of emotion. 
I could tell that the young people gathered together were not sure what to make of Gideon’s stoic face as he lit his white taper off of my red one. They were similarly not sold by my reading of the traditional poem, which was supposed to be a romantic inspiration for the wolves to write their own poems and give them to each other in secret. 
However, my hands were shaking as I held the paper, because Gideon hadn’t stopped staring at me with that angry stare. I feebly worked my way to the end of the poetic verse, and the clapping afterwards was polite but awkward. 
“Excuse me,” I said to the facilitators who were present to lead the young people through the exercises,” 
I’m not feeling well. I’m going to step out for a moment.” 
“Of course, dear,” the older woman winked at me, “Try drinking some cold water.” 
“Uh, yes. I’ll do that,” I said, heading for the exit. 
“Alpha, your Luna is stepping out,” I heard her say to Gideon as he approached the table, “She’s not feeling well.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 247
Chapter 247 
“Of course she isn’t,” Gideon said, in a tone that implied he wasn’t surprised that I was trying to pull a ruse like that. 
Fuck him. My nausea came and went in waves, and I was feeling like the oysters we’d had for dinner were about to come back up. Additionally, I was having to fake drinking the champagne, and the sourness on my lips was making my stomach turn. 
“Women, they love to play games, don’t they?” Gideon said with a cold laugh, his eyes fixed on me in the doorway. 
“The Alpha would know,” I said in a sweet, nasty tone, “I didn’t know about such games at all until I came to Nightwolf, but it seems quite common in the women here…” 
His eyes were flinty cold as he took my arm and practically hauled me into the hallway. 
“You have my attention, with your games,” he said when we were out of sight of the soiree attendees, “So what do you want to do with it?” 
“Nothing, Gideon. I don’t want anything from you,” I said, glaring at him. 
“No? So you don’t mind if I go light this off of some lovely debutante in there?” he flourished his taper, now unlit, “Maybe I’ll find one who hasn’t learned how to play nasty games.” 
“If all the women around you do, maybe you’re the common denominator?” I suggested. 
“Perhaps, though they don’t seem to complain nearly as much,” he growled, stepping forward to pin me against the wall, “Perhaps I’ll see if Jessica has a free evening instead, if you’d rather stay home.” 
His words stung, and I turned my face away as tears pricked at my eyes. 
“Isn’t this what you want?” Gideon said softly, watching me carefully, “I offered you honesty, and you rejected it. Do you want to play these stupid games instead? Are they really more fulfilling?” 
“Stop.” I whispered, as my heart throbbed painfully in my chest, “I’m not intentionally trying to hurt you.” 
“No, your neglect does that well enough on its own,” he snapped. 
“If you’re so happy to run around after the eligible ladies, then perhaps all your talk about true mates wasn’t as convincing as you thought,” I said, sniffling. 
“Perhaps not,” he said, “I certainly didn’t think this is how my true mate would treat me.” 
Ashamed, I turned my head away and wouldn’t look at him. 
“Do what you want,” I said, softly, “I have no right to ask for more.” 
“Dammit, Avery!” Gideon swore, slapping the wall behind me, “Why are you persisting in this? I don’t think 
it’s making you happy, and it’s certainly not enjoyable for me!” 
1/2100 
Chapter 247 
+25 Bonus 
His hands slid around me, and he pulled me against him, as though by force alone he could remove the 
distance between us. 
“I don’t know who this new Avery is, but I want to understand. Why can’t you lower your guard and let me 
in?” 
I stood stiffly in his embrace, tears running down my face, “I want to,” I sobbed, “but I can’t. I can’t give you what you want!” 
Pain flickered across Gideon’s face as he finally released my stiff body and stepped back. 
“Can’t? Or won’t try?” he said in a dead tone, “Because the Avery I knew was a fighter. She wouldn’t let anyone else bring her down.” 
I stared down at the floor between us. 
“Why do I get the impression that the person you’re most scared of is yourself?” Gideon asked finally,” You can beat her, too.” 
“Stop.” I whispered, “I can’t.” 
Gideon breathed out a sigh of exasperation and turned away to stalk away from me in fury. I felt him go and my heart went with him. 
For a moment, he paused at the end of the corridor, and my heart skipped a beat. Maybe he would come back. Maybe he wouldn’t give up so easily. 3 
Then he was gone. 
Would he go find different company for the night, now? It was no worse than I deserved. I had rejected him too many times now. 
Anguished, I slid to the floor, leaning my head back against the wall. 
Every day that passed, I lost more of his good esteem. Every day, I drew closer to the point past which I could never get it back again. 
I needed to leave before I reached it. 
P 
Comments 
+2 
仙 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 248
Chapter 248 
R&E 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon’s POV 
Heartbreak was not a feeling I had experienced before. So unfamiliar that I still wasn’t certain what was going on, I just knew that there was a pain in my chest that made me irritable, wistful, angry, and sad all 
at the same time. 
Stupid, stubborn woman! 
Never had I encountered a person so determined to make themselves miserable. Here, I was offering her everything I had. My whole heart, my pack, my life, and she rejected it all. Whatever her reasons, it was obvious she was suffering as much as I was, and still she would not relent to let me in. (1 
Underneath all of my frustration was the bone-deep hurt of rejection. I had spent my whole life building myself up to defy others’ expectations. For the most part, I had succeeded. I was one of the youngest, most powerful Alphas over one of the largest and most powerful packs. 
So to be rejected by a slip of a girl that I had rescued from truly horrendous circumstances stung. I hadn’t sought out anyone else’s approval in years, and yet there was a small part of me that wanted to do whatever was necessary to ensure that Avery felt for me the same way I felt for her. 
That impulse was terrifying, because it was not based on the principles I had followed for most of my life. The unspoken rules of leadership and power that said that I had to be the best, and that I couldn’t show anyone else weakness. 
She drove me crazy. With the discovery of my mark on her neck, I had thought of little else except claiming her as my own over and over. My pride was bruised each time she rejected my advances. 
So I sought the place where I could once more feel the way I was accustomed to. 
I attended the she-wolf bachelorette party. 
Nominally this was a social function where the young women who were preparing to enter the Annual Mating Ceremony would gather and celebrate and chit-chat and share information about the men, gossip, and get advice from older women. 
In practice, it was an opportunity for the women to get together and ogle and flirt with the men who dared to step foot into this club full of man-eaters. 
My arrival had the same effect as a cow carcass being thrown into a river full of piranhas. 
I was swarmed within seconds by very beautiful, very giggly, and very tipsy women who all were delighted to discover their Alpha in their midst. With inhibitions low, there were more than a few offers of company for the ceremony, or even just this night. 
I was in the middle of politely deflecting their invitations when I noticed Avery arrive. 
To my irritation, she ignored my presence completely. Instead, she went to stand next to one of the few warriors in attendance, a handsome and powerful wolf named Julien who was known to be something of 
1/2 
Chapter 248 
+25 Bonus 
a ladies-man. I bit the inside of my cheek as I saw her sway towards him, a drink in her hand. 
My eyes narrowed as her hand brushed against his shoulder, and I saw Julien turn towards her with an appreciative glance down at her dress. A low growl was starting up in my throat. 
“It’s so cute,” I heard one of the girls giggle, and I turned to look at them to see a gaggle of young women all staring at me from behind their cups. 
“You’re completely besotted, Alpha,” one laughed, “you can’t keep your eyes off of your Luna! It’s so 
romantic!” 
Irritation flooded through me as the young women swooned and teased. 
“She’s playing a dangerous game though,” another said, “Julien will take her up on it, if she gives him a fair offer. That man has never said no to a pretty face yet.” 
“Is that so,” I growled, preparing to march over there. 
“Well, I always say, fight fire with fire,” one of the girls purred, putting her hand on my arm to stay me, “If 
you want to make her jealous, why don’t you and I go somewhere else?” 
As her friends crowed at her audacity, she gave me a cheeky, dimpled smile. 
“Perhaps another time,” I said, peeling her fingers off my arm politely, “I’m a handful anyways. Spare yourself the trouble.” 
“More than one handful, if the rumors are true,” she quipped, glancing down. 
1 stepped away from their peals of laughter and marched towards my wayward Luna. She and Julien 
were laughing about something or other as I appeared, but their voices quickly died out at the look on my 
face. 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 249
Chapter 249 
+25 Bonus 
“I’ll be taking my Luna now,” I told Julien, who dropped his eyes in submission immediately. 
I hooked my hand through Avery’s elbow and towed her towards an empty corner of the bar. 
“Don’t you have other duties to attend to?” I snarled into her confused face. 
“Don’t you?” she shook her head, “I’m supposed to be overseeing the event, and Julien is in charge of security. We were discussing how to ensure that these girls all got home safely tonight, the ones who don’t want to leave with anyone, that is.” 
I blinked at her in surprise. It truly hadn’t occurred to me that she wasn’t just trying to play games, and I had assumed she had been flirting with Julien to make me jealous. 
“So you weren’t… trying to hit on him?” I hated how insecure that question made me sound. 
“No!” Avery said curtly, “That might have been your intention, but it wasn’t mine! Don’t think I didn’t notice you, surrounded by ladies!” 
Her pretty face had two bright red splotches on her cheeks from her annoyance and the alcohol. I couldn’t help but feel affection flowing through me when I looked at her, despite my irritation. 1 
The corner we were standing in was dimly lit. There was a live band playing by the far end of the bar, and the thudding bass drum made the glassware rattle and chime. It made me feel like my heartbeat was pounding throughout my whole body as Avery and I stared at each other with hurt in our eyes. 
I hated this confusion that kept arising between us. I could feel our bond, the way our wolf-souls called 
out to each other. 
“Let me show you my true feelings,” I said roughly, and then I leaned down and kissed her, soundly. 
She let out a soft, small cry against my mouth, and then she was enthusiastically kissing me back. Her soft tongue and sweet lips were the best thing I’d tasted all day. My palm smoothed along her jaw, tilting 
her head back. 
There were so many things I wanted to say, and I said them all with my body. That she was mine. That I resented even the idea of sharing her with anyone else. That seeing her and knowing she didn’t want me 
in return was killing me. 
Pleasure pulsed through our bond as I backed her into the corner and supported her with my leg pressed between hers. I wanted to see her melt beneath my touch. 
“Avery, I need you,” I murmured into her ear, and felt her body curve against mine. She opened her mouth to say something, but I suddenly found I didn’t want to know what she would say. I just wanted to hold her, and to have her respond to my touches the way she had a minute ago, 
So I kissed her again, stoppering her words. 
My hands ran down her back, and I caressed her backside. My hands roamed towards her soft hips, and 
1/2 
Chapter 249 
+25 Bonus 
then the roundness of her belly. 
Abruptly she pulled away, her face looking panicked and confused. I’m sure mine mirrored it. 
“I can’t.” She stammered, turning and disappearing into the crowd. 
I watched her go, feeling bereft and flabbergasted. I could tell through our bond she had been enjoying my touches, so what the hell had happened? 
Avery’s POV 
Stupid. Stupid! 
Gideon’s embrace and kisses had felt so good, it had distracted me from the secret he mustn’t find out. But when his fingers had trailed across my abdomen I had suddenly worried he would notice the hard 
bump that was starting to emerge between my hips where the baby was growing. 
I had broken off the kiss and fled, rather than face his disappointment or his questions. I could feel the ricochet of his displeasure through our bond as I darted into the mess of people. 
There had been other worries running through my head as we approached the night of the Annual Mating Ceremony. I hadn’t shifted since getting pregnant, and I worried that in wolf form, the wolves keen sense of smell would be able to pick up on the changed hormones and pheromones my body was 
now creating. 
I needed to leave before that could happen. 
And soon. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 250
Chapter 250 
Avery’s POV 
It was the day of the mating ceremony and I had 12 line itinerary with all of the activities I was supposed to oversee or take part in. Several were with Gideon, and as the day progressed, the distance between us only became more evident. 
I felt sorrow at the separation. I knew that I was, once again, the cause. It was I who had stopped his intimacy the night before, although my body had been keenly interested and had been thinking about him for hours afterward. 
I couldn’t stop remembering the way his face had looked, stricken and upset, when I had pulled away. regretted that I had done so very abruptly. Probably, I could have tried a gentler escape, but what was done was done. 
Besides, I didn’t trust myself when I was with him. Every time he kissed me, it was as though my brain flatlined to static. His kiss set my body on fire, while my brain took a back seat. Was this what people were talking about when they described the chemistry with their true mates? 
How did anyone get anything done 
Frustrated, and exasperated with how thoughts of Gideon kept threatening to derail my productivity, I threw myself fully into all the final preparations for the Mating Ceremony and the romp through the woods that would occur immediately afterward. 
Which seemed to be working right until I fainted. 
I woke up, groggy, on the floor of my office, with Camila standing over me, concerned. 
“Avery? Were you sleeping?” 
“Uh… Eugh.” I slowly sat up, “I guess I took a nap,” I downplayed it, looking sheepish as though I had merely sat down on the floor to look at some papers and had fallen asleep. 
‘You need to eat something,’ my wolf growled in my mind, ‘you are working too hard and your body is using your energy for the pup.’ 
Ashamed, I took myself down to the kitchen without argument. I felt ashamed that in my desire to avoid awkwardness with Gideon, I had neglected my own body, and therefore my pup. 
So I made myself sit at the counter and eat a sandwich and some tomato soup. The cook I had met when I had first arrived had been reassigned to the main pack kitchen, and I was pleased to see her working there today while I ate. She had been kind to me, once, and I still felt fondness for her. 
“More soup?” she asked, as she wandered past. 
“I couldn’t eat another bite,” I smiled, “Thank you again, Anna.” 
“Well, nutrition is important,” she said meaningfully, with a long look, and I blushed. Had she guessed my 
1/2 
Chapter 250 
+25 Bonus 
secret? I needed to spend less time around knowing old women. 
Thankfully Anna understood the importance of discretion, and moved off, leaving me to put my feet up for a moment and sort out my thoughts. 1 
I felt sorrow at the idea of leaving. Gideon really had been acting like a changed man since our mating ceremony in the woods, and every second I spent in his company made me regret my choice to take myself and my pup elsewhere. But, for all his talk of showing up, and confronting things as a team, I still wasn’t sure what Gideon felt for me on a personal level. 1 
And whatever his feelings might be, a pup changed everything. Especially one that the Rogue King believed was destined to be extremely powerful. I couldn’t stand to think that Gideon’s change in behavior was attributed solely to that, and I didn’t want to find out. 
If I left, I would never have to test whether he felt something for me, or just my potential to produce a powerful heir to carry on the Nightwolf line. 
I was so deep in my thoughts that I didn’t hear footsteps behind me until hands landed on my shoulders. I screamed, and launched myself into the air, practically falling off my stool. 
I whirled to see Gideon looking at me with a quizzical expression. I clutched at my chest, panting, 
embarrassed that he was able to sneak up on me, and that I had just been sitting with my feet up when 
he did so. 
However, he didn’t accuse me of slacking off on this busiest of days. 
“Can I join you?” he said, instead, and pulled out the stool next to me when I nodded affirmatively. 
For a few long moments, we didn’t talk. Then Gideon broke the ice. 
“I used to sit here a lot, as a kid. Anna made me sandwiches back then too.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 251
Chapter 251 
+25 Bonus 
I tried to imagine him as a little kid, feet swinging off of a stool as he ate his lunches. 
“What was it like to grow up with a powerful wolf?” I asked, curiously, “My own wolf didn’t manifest when I was a child, so I never knew what it was like.” 
“It was a sudden change,” he admitted, staring off into the distance for a while, “Overnight, it was as though all my relationships with my peers and even my family shifted. People feared me, or wanted to prove themselves against me. It became harder to just be ‘me’, even though I was more of myself than ever before.” 
“Sounds painful,” I said, frowning. 
“In some ways, yes, I suppose it was,” Gideon frowned, “but it was an important lesson as well. I learned about expectations, and how just existing in the body I do, with the strength I have, effected the people 
around me.” 
“Hrm,” I mused on his words for a few more moments. I knew some of the hard struggles Gideon had gone through as a child. The expectations his family had put on him, as well as the way they had preferred their other children over him. 
I knew that I didn’t want my own child to go through anything like that. If I stayed here, and they indeed manifested a powerful wolf, would they be doomed to the same fate? 
Gideon had turned to look at me. 
“You look concerned,” he said, “I hope hearing about this doesn’t upset you. You don’t need to worry about me. The past is the past.” 
He reached out and grabbed at my hand where it lay in my lap.. 
“If you are willing to stay by my side, I will do whatever it takes to still have a happy life together.” 
“I’m worried…,” I inhaled a big breath and let it out slowly, “I’m worried about any children we might have. 
What their lives might be like.” 
There, I had said it. 1 
Gideon looked mildly surprised, “Is this what has been weighing on you?” he turned towards me more fully, and took my other hand in his, so that both of mine were clasped in his. 
“If we are blessed with children, then we will face that obstacle together, as a family. You must know that any children we have will be loved, fiercely. I can’t imagine that you would do anything other than love them with all you are. I know you, Avery.” (1) 
“And do you love me the way you would love them?” I asked, softly. 
Gideon’s eyes searched across my face, while his hands tightened around my own. 
1/2 
Suddenly a number of warriors burst into the kitchen. 
+25 Bonus 
“Alpha! There you are!” they shouted, “The men are gathering and preparing to enter the woods. They are calling for you to lead the cohort!” 
“I must go,” Gideon said, sliding off of the stool. He didn’t let go of my hands though, and stood there a moment longer, staring down at me. 
Would he answer my question before he left? I wondered. 
Finally he leaned forward to whisper in my ear, “I will find you under the Full Mating Moon tonight.” 
His words sent a shiver down my spine, ripe with promise and a hint of seduction as his lips trailed along the sensitive lobe of my ear. Then he leaned forward to seize my mouth with his, parting my lips quickly and delving with his tongue for a breath-stealing moment, and then he pulled away, leaving me gasping. 
In a moment he had joined his warriors, who were thumping him on the back and giving me appreciative glances, then they all trooped out and into the sunshine. 1 
I was left thinking about what he had said. 
Yes, I would love any child we had. I already did love the pup in my belly with all my being. I would die for them, and would do anything to give them a better life. But was staying here in Nightwolf pack the best future I could offer? 
Gideon was powerful, and he was a good leader. A pup raised with him as their father would have an excellent role model, but they also would have large shoes to fill. Could I do that to any son or daughter who was set to join us? 
Or would they be better raised with me, in obscurity? 
Furthermore, how could I raise a pup with a man who couldn’t tell me he loved me? 1 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
212 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 252
Chapter 252 
Avery’s POV 
He hadn’t answered my question. 
His silence lingered in my mind as the taste of him faded from my lips. 
If he felt it, why couldn’t he just say it? Our bond told me his feelings. Desire, yes. Concern, yes. 
Wouldn’t I feel it if he loved me? 
He would kiss me in front of his men, but he wouldn’t tell me what I meant to him. If I stayed here, was 
that how our relationship would continue, with so much unsaid? 
Or was there a possible future where we finally were transparent with each other? He had tried to offer that to me before. What if he dropped his shields and behind them there was not the depth of emotion I hoped for? 
I wasn’t sure I could stand knowing that he cared somewhat for me, but not the way I cared for him. To be half-loved, a stand-in for a mate he would have loved more. 
Could I ever believe that he loved me, even if he decided to say it? 
My secret couldn’t afford to wait until he decided where his emotions lay. I couldn’t plan my future around a ‘maybe’. 
I slid off of the kitchen stool and stepped outside into the late afternoon sunset. There was a festive air in the village, with everyone dressed in their best clothes, whether they intended to participate or not. 
This afternoon the wolves were gathering in two groups. Predominantly men in one and women in the other. In the Annual Mating Ceremony, the wolves roamed in the forest until they found and captured their mates. 
It was an ancient custom adapted for modern times, and certainly there were some partnerships that followed a different paradigm, but for the most part it was seen a big, flirtatious game in which the wolves played hard-to-get while their prospective partners proved their physical strength and agility. 
If I entered that forest tonight, Gideon would be out there, hunting along with the rest. He had said that he would find me, but there would also be dozens of other wolves eager to be captured by their Alpha. 
What if one of them drew his eye instead? 1 
If I went into the woods, my wolf could also look for him. We could truly solidify our mating bond and my life would change forever. Right now we were operating on a half-formed bond through my mark, but if I accepted Gideon and marked him back, we would finally be full mates. 
For a moment my resolve fluctuated. I was at a crossroads, Was I willing to accept an outcome where Gideon didn’t end up as my reciprocated mate? 
 
1/2 
Chapter 252 
+25 Bonus 
Leaving would mean giving up any claim to Gideon’s life. Being married hadn’t seemed to mean much so far, but it was something. A token level of involvement was required to maintain the fiction that we were a married couple, and it meant that Gideon was at least somewhat present in my life. 
If I didn’t go to the mating ceremony, I was refusing to stake my claim on him, and other wolves would take notice. A very primal part of me that spoke with my wolf’s voice was savage at the idea of anyone else daring to try to mark our mate instead. 
But my choice didn’t just effect our future. It was also that of our child. If I completed my bond with Gideon, I would never want to leave. I would be tied to him into eternity. 
Still, I found my feet turning in the direction of the woods. I was drawn 
there by my fear of missing out. I 
was the Luna, and Gideon’s wife. I was the one who would claim, and be claimed by him. 
And yet, as I turned onto the main path, there was a gaggle of thinking 
chatter floated back to me. 
young woman ahead of me, and their 
“Have you seen his wolf form?” One was saying, “It’s huge. Do you think it lines up…?” They all giggled. 
“He said he’d look for me,” sighed another, dreamily. She was one of the young women who had been 
clustered around Gideon the night before. 
“He was talking about how he’s tired of his wife. Someone said they might divorce!” 
They carried on down the path but I had stopped and their voices faded as they moved off. Was it possible they were talking about Gideon? Doubt pulsed through me, sharp and agonizing. If not Gideon, 
then whom? 
What were the odds that there was some other warrior with a huge wolf and a wife he was thinking of 
leaving? 
日 
Comments 
? 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 253
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 253 
Feeling betrayed, I turned and headed back up the path towards the pack house, tears gathering in my 
eyes. 
While the rest of the pack congregated on the edges of the woods and waited for night to fall, I was busy packing my few belongings. Technically I was supposed to be down there with the married women, who would still participate to act as guides and mentors should the younger wolves get too unruly. Emotions could run high during mating competitions, and no one wanted a bloody incident when suitors came to 
blows. 
‘You should go to him,’ my wolf said sourly, ‘You don’t know where you’re going. Here we’re safe. Here your pup will be raised with their own kind.’ 
‘Are we really safe, though?’ I snapped back at her, ‘Don’t let your desire for Gideon’s wolf override the fact that he might not keep us around once he’s gotten what he wants, an heir.’ 
‘My mate would not allow that,’ my wolf sneered. 
‘Mine might,’ I said ruefully, feeling a sense of injustice that my wolf was so sure, while I was not, ‘He’s 
let me be abandoned before.’ 
‘You are unable to see his growth,’ my wolf said patiently, ‘but a pup changes everything.’ 
‘Does a pup change it for the better?’ I couldn’t help but question, ‘Gideon thinks I’m just like every other woman who’s thrown herself at him. He’s not going to change his ways just because I am pregnant. If anything, he’ll probably lock me up and try to control me more!’ 
1 hauled my bag down the stairs, stopping to rest when I felt light-headed. Was it normal to feel this tired? 
I found a pack vehicle with a full tank of gas and stowed my stuff in the back. Then I gave myself an hour to wander the village. 
No one would know that I was doing anything other than my Luna duties, but I was saying goodbye. I stopped in my garden one last time and put my hands on my abdomen. 
“I know we don’t know each other yet,” I whispered to the child growing within me, “but I hope one day you will understand more about why I made this choice for you.” 1 
Then I went to my room one last time and wrote a letter for Gideon. 
“Dear Gideon,” I wrote, “Today you kissed me for the last time. There is a part of me that will always belong to you, you hold the other half of my soul. Maybe one day you could even say the words you couldn’t say today, but I can’t wait around to find out. I don’t have the time to wait. One day we’d have a child, and that child cannot be raised here. I can’t have him or her grow up unhappy, the way you did, or neglected the way I was. 
“You need to forget about me. Find a new wife and Luna, it will be easy for you. You will always have part 
of me, but it’s not meant to be. 
1/2 
Chapter 253 
“xoxo Avery” 1 
+25 Bonus 
Sniffling, I wiped my eyes and folded the paper. Then I snuck across the hallway and entered Gideon’s room. The masculine space smelled of him, and I inhaled deeply as I leaned over his bed and tucked the note under his pillow. 
Then I turned and left. 
I hadn’t expected this to hurt so much. After all, I had tried to leave less than two weeks ago, and while that decision had hurt, this hurt more. 
Perhaps it was because Gideon had showed me he was capable of changing, and that he was willing to do so for his mate. That was part of the problem though, I couldn’t stay Gideon’s mate. We needed to be severed so that we could each pursue our own lives. 
As I unlocked the pack vehicle I pictured a world in which even the incomplete bond between Gideon and I was nonexistent. That was the world into which I must step now. 
There was a great pain in my heart as I visualized that reality, and I felt pain throb along the bond between us. 
Off in the forest, I heard a lonesome howl. 
Was that him? Was that Gideon, sensing the severing of our bond? 
I didn’t dare wait around to find out. I shrugged my shoulders into my jacket and climbed into the car. 
? 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 254
Chapter 254 
Gideon’s POV 
The woods smelled warm and redolent in the late afternoon sun. Motes of dust drifted in the beams of golden light that spilled through the green-yellow leaves of the new growth trees. This time of year the forest floor had new plant growth, and everything was lush and overgrown. 
My wolf padded through the trees sniffing at animal trails and sniffing the wind for any sign of a challenging Alpha. The Annual Mating Ceremony was a cornerstone of pack tradition, and while it usually passed without incident, it was also a time of vulnerability. 
The wolves that gathered in the woods in hopes of catching, or being caught by, their chosen mate were in a heightened state. Their heat would set in as their mates claimed them, and outsiders would be in danger if they dared to trespass on pack territory at this time. 
My duty was to oversee the safety of the pack. 
And to claim my mate. 
Suddenly I felt a sharp pain along my bond that ran from Avery’s mark to my wolf. It felt like someone tearing out a part of me. It caused my wolf to stagger. 
What could cause a pain like that? Something endangering our bond. It felt as though there was a red- hot poker staring into my very soul. 
What had Avery done? Whatever was happening, it was endangering our bond. 
I let out a howl of pain that would also serve as a warning to anyone who dared to try to attack that which was mine. My wolf’s feet pounded along the forest trails back towards the pack building. Whatever was happening, Avery needed my assistance. 
The emotions I got through our bond were fear, anxiety, and resolve. Whatever was happening, she was worried about it, but was proceeding ahead anyways. I needed to tell her to stop! 
Did she know how much it was hurting us? Or was someone daring to hurt my mate? 
Whatever the cause, my actions would be the same. 
I needed to put a stop to it. 
Suddenly, a large pair of wolves stepped into my path. 
‘Rogues, my wolf bared his fangs in condescension, ‘we will deal with them quickly.” 
“You’re too late,” one of the interlopers snarled in the telepathic language of wolves, “We have found you, and we will not let you leave.” 
“Then you will die,” my wolf laughed, surging forward as the pair of rogue warriors circled. 
“You are wasting your time,” the other wolf said, leaping backwards gracefully, “we can harry you as long 
1/2 
cter 254 
+25 Bonus 
as he needs.” 
“He?” My wolf cocked his head. 
“The Rogue Alpha,” the first wolf said with a huff and flick of his tail, “the one who takes what he wants.” 
The mental language of wolves was often accompanied with mental pictures, and sometime even sensory notes such as scents and impressions. As the two wolves spoke, they were projecting an image of the Rogue King’s large wolf rising like a shadow and falling over Nightwolf territory. 
“That will never happen,” My wolf said, confidently. He prowled towards the two warriors, and bared his slavering jaws, snapping to show his willingness to enforce his will with their blood. 
“My brother, it is already happening,” the first, laughing warrior, said with a condescending tone. “He is already taking your mate.” 
My wolf snarled and leaped onto him. 
“Never!” His jaws sought the life point in the wolf’s thick neck that would send him beyond, but the rogue’s companion was already in motion, barreling towards my wolf and knocking him off of the other warrior long enough for him to rise to his feet, bloodied, but alive. 
The three wolves faced each other, panting. 
I faced a hard decision. If they were speaking the truth, Avery was in danger, but if I left, then there would be vulnerable young wolves in these woods left unsuspecting to encounter these rogue warriors. 
I needed to finish them before I went after Avery, and unlike the majority of rogue wolves I had fought, these were powerful warriors and it was two on one. It would not be so quick to determine a victor. 
My wolf growled in frustration. We knew what we had to do, it was just a matter of doing it. 
I didn’t need to kill them, I just needed to wound them enough that any other wolf that faced them would be able to fight them off easily. 
With that goal in mind, I let my wolf off of any mental leash. He knew what to do. 
The next few minutes were bloody and exhausting. When the fur stopped flying, one of the wolves lay on the ground, his throat ripped out, while the other was unconscious, but breathing. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 255
Chapter 255 
My own wolf was bloodied, but nothing severe. A torn claw, and bite marks on our flanks that hadn’t gone deep enough to do true damage. 
With blood on our muzzle, we resumed our dash towards the pack house. It was less than a mile, and when we emerged from the forest, nothing immediately appeared wrong. At the door to the pack house, I shifted, calling for Avery. 
There was no response. 
She wasn’t here, but there was no sign of foul play, nor did I smell the stench of enemy rogues. Surely, if rogues had approached the pack house, someone would have sounded the alarm. 
Was she actually out in the woods, waiting for me? I raced back towards the forest in wolf form. I needed 
to find her! 
Avery’s POV 
Tears streamed down my face as I left the pack house behind me and drove down the road out of town. 
‘It’s not too late to turn back,’ my wolf said sorrowfully, ‘this decision makes no one happy, and it will make your enemies happy! That should be all you need to know that you should rethink.’ 
She was getting easier to ignore, but I had to admit that some of what she was saying made sense. However, my mind was made up. 
‘I can’t go back there to the man who hurt me,’ I said, with as much resolve as I could muster. Unfortunately, my wolf knew exactly how uncertain I was. 
‘You are not safe alone, my wolf said. 
‘I have always been alone!’ I snapped, wiping my tears away angrily, ‘That’s the problem! Gideon provides the illusion of safety, but never once have I truly been safe!’ 
The truth of my words steeled my resolve, and I gripped the steering wheel tightly as I accelerated away from the village. 
I rolled down the window and let the warm breeze dry my face. I should be feeling happy. The hardest 
part was over. I was free. 
Then I noticed the car following us. 
We had just crossed the border of Nightwolf territory when the unmarked sedan pulled out from a side road and began following us. At first I was unconcerned, but after a few miles they were catching up to me, and seemed to be driving awfully close to my bumper. 
I turned down a side road, and they did the same. Now we were on a gravel farm road that ran alongside a farmer’s crops. I couldn’t turn around without stopping, but I was also running out of road. After another mile even the gravel tapered out and the road became dirt ruts, then nothing. 
1/2 
Chapter 255 
+25 Bonus 
I stared at the farm field ahead and debated whether the pack car I was driving could make it across the furrowed rows. The car rolled to a stop. 
The tinted windows of the car behind me revealed nothing. 
I opened my door and got out, turning to glare at the car. 
“What the hell do you want?” I shouted, “You don’t know who you are messing with!” 
There was a long moment when no one in the other car moved, then a back door opened and out stepped two powerful warriors with a smaller woman between them. The woman had sunglasses, but as she stepped forward and pulled them off, I recognized her. 
It was Dierdra. 
“You,” I spat. 
“Me,” she nodded with a bright smile, “Going somewhere?” 
“None of your business,” I replied, even as my heart dropped. She clearly had brought muscle, and they must have been waiting for me. 
Those warriors looked like they were ready to stop me from leaving, too. 
“Get in,” Dierdra twitched her head at her car, “You’re coming with us.” 
“The hell I am,” I said, even as the warriors stepped forward, “Where are you going to take me?” 
“To the Rogue King of course,” Dierdra’s smile was cold, “He’s been waiting for you, and he’ll be so pleased that we found you.” 
At her nod, the warriors rushed forward. I tried to dash towards the tree line to escape them, but I didn’t have access to my former speed or stamina, and they caught me less than halfway here. 
As I was dragged back to the car, all I could think was that Gideon would never know they had taken me. He would just think I had left on my own. 
Fuck, 2 
P 
? 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 256
Chapter 256 
Avery’s POV 
The rogue camp was exactly what I pictured. Haphazard. Tents creating wobbly pathways of mud and stone. The scent of sweat and blood in the air. 
But I didn’t expect this one to be so large. It was more than just an encampment-it was like a small village. I tried to count the people as I passed, but I eventually lost track. My captors, led by Deirdre, moved too quickly for me to make much sense of it. 
I only knew one thing for certain. 
I needed to get the hell out of here. 
But how? I was massively outnumbered. The males were leering at me with jagged teeth and hungry eyes like they already owned me, tongues darting out to wet dry lips. The females were glaring at me as if they had plans to get rid of me before my first night here was up. 
No. Making a run for it and fighting my way out wasn’t an option, not when I was completely surrounded by enemies. 
“Through here,” Deirdre barked, pulling aside the flap of a tent. This one was far larger than the others, and situated in the center of the encampment. Two guards were standing outside. One was picking at the dirt under his nails with a pocket knife and the other was counting coins in his hands that he probably got through nefarious means, but they were both watching me out of the corners of their eyes. 
The ones who were holding me by the arms roughly pushed me into the tent. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust, but then I saw him. 
The Rogue King. 
He sat on a wooden throne made of branches that spiked outwards, sharpened at the tips like spears. A bundle of feathers hung from one of the branches near his head. A wolf’s pelt was draped over the seat. A snarl built in my throat at the sight of the dead animal’s glassy eyes staring at me from between the rogue’s legs. The wolf deserved more respect than becoming a seat cover. 
The rest of the tent was lavishly furnished. There was a large, hexagonal table with a map spread across it and multiple pieces in various shapes strewn about like a bad game of chess. Rugs covered the floors, some pelts of various animals, others clearly stolen. A fire pit sat off to the side, the scent of fresh meat coming from a pot that an old woman was stirring. 
Off to the other side was another flap that was slightly open. I could see a bed in there, covered in furs and pillows. 
“Come forward,” he called out. The guards pushed me toward him. I stumbled, but I didn’t fall. I refused 

I lifted my chin and studied the so-called “king”. He leaned lazily on one arm of his throne, watching me with his one good eye. The males standing around him were dirty and clad in leather that was stained 
1/2 
Chapter 256 
+25 Bonus 
with old blood, but he was impeccable. Clean. Tidy. Fastidious almost to a fault. 
“What do you want from me?” I hissed. “Or did you just invite me for tea?” 
He pulled his head back and smirked. “Just as feisty as I remember.” He waved his hand, and the guards left. I stared at them as they sauntered out of the tent single-file. 
Deirdre went last, lingering a moment too long until the Rogue King flicked his hand at her, too. She sneered at me, then followed the others. 
The old woman remained, but the Rogue King didn’t seem to notice her, and she didn’t seem to notice us. She just kept stirring her pot. 
Once we were alone, excluding the old woman, the Rogue King stood. His steps were slow and deliberate, hushed across the plush carpets. He came to stand in front of me, mere inches away. I took a step back, but he simply leaned forward, closing the distance once more. 
“You know why I want you,” he whispered. His eyes flicked to my mouth, and he wet his lips. “You’re special, Avery. Too special to give away to another man who doesn’t appreciate you nearly enough.” 
I snorted. “I’m not ‘special’. Those legends about my wolf are just that: legends.” 
“So you say.” He straightened, smiling so that the skin crinkled around his eyepatch. “Dine with me.” 
“What?” Why the hell would he think I’d want to have a meal with him, of all people? 
His lips curved. “You must be hungry. We can talk more over a meal. I can tell you all about your heritage -and why your wolf isn’t just a legend.” 
Before I could answer, the Rogue King snapped his fingers, and the old woman stood. She hobbled over to the hexagonal table and set down two bowls of steaming stew, then poured two cups of wine from a pitcher. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 257
Chapter 257 
Of course, I wouldn’t touch any of it. Not just because alcohol was bad for the pregnancy, but because it could be poisoned. I sat, but I didn’t pick up my spoon, even though the stew actually looked and smelled really good. 
“You’re not going to eat?” The Rogue King asked, tilting his head. He had already begun to dig into his stew with unexpected gusto. 
I leaned back in my chair and crossed my legs. “Nope.” 
He chuckled, then stood, rounding the table. I watched as he picked up my spoon and scooped up a spoonful of stew. He held my gaze unwaveringly and popped it into his mouth. Chewed slowly, savoring it. Then swallowed. 
“See?” He scooped up another spoonful and held it out to me. “Not poisoned.” 
The 
spoon brushed my lower lip. I jerked back, but my head hit the tall back of the chair. The Rogue King just waited, smiling at me. Smiling like a parent might while feeding a young child, or perhaps like a…. 
No. I pushed the thought away. He didn’t think we could be lovers, right? I’d never allow it. I’d claw his good eye out before I let that happen. 
As if reading my thoughts, he sighed and set the spoon down. “Suit yourself.” He took his seat again and refilled his wine. “I suppose we should talk, then, if you’re not going to eat.” 
“Talk away,” I said. 
“Very well.” He took a sip of wine. “I know you’re not the type to mince words, so I’ll start with this: you’re adopted.” 
I blinked. Then laughed. “You’re full of it.” 
“You were switched at birth,” he went on, swirling his wine around in his cup. “Your adoptive mother-her biological baby died shortly after birth. You were found by her. Abandoned in the forest, or so it seemed.” 
“That’s bull-” 
“You came from the last remaining Lycan tribe. You were their princess, in fact. You contain the Moon. Goddess’s blood in your veins. It’s a trait that only the most carefully bred Lycans possess. That’s why you’re able to channel her light through your wolf.” 
I stared at him. A Lycan princess. Had he gone mental? Then again, I supposed he already was. Maybe whatever took his eye out had taken a chunk of his prefrontal cortex along with it. 
“I don’t believe you,” I said flatly. 
He shrugged and stood again. “I knew you wouldn’t. But I’m not 
voying, Avery, I can prove it to you, if you 
want. I can show you where you came from. There’s a cave, not far from here-come with me, and I’ll show you the truth.” 
1/2 
Chapter 257 
+25 Bonus 
I frowned, considering his words. It felt like a trap, and yet it also felt like an opportunity. A cave outside the camp… Maybe I could get away. Shift and run and keep running until they couldn’t find me anymore. 
After a moment, I decided to go along with it. The Rogue King looked pleased, and led the way. A guard followed us, but I could handle two men. It was better than trying to take on the whole camp. 
We walked for about half a mile into the forest-the Rogue King up ahead, the guard behind me. I kept my eyes on a constant scan, searching for potential pathways. Unfortunately, the forest here was rugged and unfamiliar. But there were multiple routes I saw that could work. I mentally logged each one, ensuring I could find my way when I made a run for it. 
Eventually, the Rogue King stopped in front of the mouth of a dark cave. He held his hand out, and the guard lit a torch and handed it to him. He offered me his elbow. 
“Shall we?” 
I grit my teeth and took his arm, following him into the cave. It was deep and winding, and the walls were smooth and cold. Thankfully, we didn’t go too deep. I could still make out the light coming from the entrance, although it was fading quickly as the sun went down. 
If I could just get a head start… 
“Here.” The Rogue King lifted his torch to illuminate the wall we’d stopped in front of. “This, Avery, is the story of your people-and how you were lost.” 
My breath caught, and for a moment, all plans of escape slipped from my mind. 
Because there, etched into the walls, were cave paintings depicting a baby girl wrapped in a blanket with a crescent moon printed on the fabric. 
A baby girl stolen by wolves. 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 258
Chapter 258 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
The torchlight flickered across the stone walls, illuminating the red paint. It had chipped and faded with time, but it was still there. Still 
remember. 
There were multiple 
a village 
depicting a life I didn’t 
in the forest with people dancing in the 
square. A baby being born, lifted high above he priest’s head. Some kind of grand ceremony? And then… Disaster. Fire. Destruction. 
Fire. Destruction. A child being stolen in the night by 
shadows in the shapes of wolves. 
The paintings stopped after that, like a history half-written. 
I recalled what little I knew of the Lycans from my education. They were often depicted as warring tribes, barbaric and uncivilized. The last ones had allegedly been taken out decades ago. Some scattered and became 
the more modernized Werewolf culture. 
The rest… were dead. 
ues. A few assimilated into 
Or maybe they didn’t know they were Lycans at all. Like me. 
Was that really me in those paintings? Was wolves? 
the infant that was stolen by dark 
I had spent my whole life believing that my mother was my biological mother, that I was the product of an Omega and a man who never wanted me. If this was true, then why didn’t my mother tell me? Why didn’t she tell me that she’d found me, by some miracle, after her baby died? 
My expression must have shown my disbelief, because the Rogue King stepped forward, tracing his fingers across the paintings. 
“The Werewolves attacked on the night of your acceptance ceremony. It was a full moon. The night should have been one of peace and celebration. It should have solidified your connection to the Moon Goddess, and thus your powers.’ 
Something flickered in his good eye. Pain. As if he had been there. “We weren’t expecting it. They decimated most of our village and took you in the process.” 
“We?” I whispered. 
He turned to face me fully. “I’m a Lycan, too, Avery. One of the few remaining from our tribe.” He took a step toward me, and I instinctively moved backwards, my spine 
1/3 
Chapter 258 
+25 Bonus 
hitting the cold, damp wall behind me. “My name is Asher Moonglow, and we were supposed to be married.” 
Married. The word shot through me like an arrow. 
I jerked my head back, but my skull smacked the wall painfully. The Rogue King-or Asher, or whatever the hell he called himself-smiled and reached out, brushing his fingertips across my cheek. I slapped his hand away. 
“You’re lying.” 
– 
“I know you have little reason to trust me, Avery. But I’m telling the truth. I was a child then the son of a high ranking official in the tribe. You were the daughter of our leader. Our princess, born of the Moon Goddess’s bloodline. Our marriage was set in stone before you were born. We should have passed down your abilities to our children.” 
“No.” 
“It’s true. Our families are dead now, but we can rebuild our tribe. Together.” His lips curved, revealing a smile that was monstrous in the flickering torchlight. His one eye gleamed. Slowly, he reached up, removing his eyepatch. It fell into his palm, and when he looked up, I bit back a gasp. 
His lids closed over an empty socket. But it wasn’t just empty-it was ruined, his brow bone partially smashed. The scar that ran across it was jagged and deep, a mottled red line that cut through what was once there. 
“They took my eye during the fight,” he whispered, “but that was the least of my worries. I spent years searching for you, Avery. Even when I was alone, an orphan stumbling through the forests, I only thought of you.” 
“You’re obsessed with me,” I breathed. 
“Perhaps. What’s wrong with that?” 
“A lot of things,” 
“Perhaps now, my obsession disgusts you. I can see it on your face. But one day, you will thank me,” 
“Thank you?” I laughed. “Why would I thank you for kidnapping me and forcing me into a marriage?” 
“Because I intend to not only rebuild what was once ours, but also to overthrow the rule of the Werewolves-those who destroyed our home, our people-once and for 
2/3 
Chapter 258 
all. Don’t you want that? To have your kingdom handed back to you on a silver platter? To finally look down upon all of the selfish, cruel wolves who made low and worthless?” 
Comments 
1 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 259
Chapter 259 
He grabbed my hand and placed the eyepatch in my palm. It was still warm from resting on his face. He curled my fingers around it and squeezed tight, so tight it hurt. “Don’t you want to be my queen?” 
“I’ll never be your rogue queen.” 
He snorted. “Of course not. I would never expect a Lycan princess to lower herself to the status of a rogue. But you will marry me, Avery, and you will bear my pups. Just as our parents intended. I’m afraid you have no choice in the matter. You never did.” 
My throat tightened. I felt bile rising up, but I swallowed it down and gripped the eyepatch tightly. 
“No. I won’t marry you.” 
Before he could react, I threw the eyepatch and the torch deeper into the cave. He turned, momentarily stunned. While he was distracted, I drove my elbow into his spine. Hard. Hard enough to send him sprawling across the stone floor. 
And then I ran. 
Asher was stunned for a moment. I could hear him scrambling in the cave, struggling to his feet. “STOP!” his voice called after me, but I didn’t. I ran as fast as I could, aiming for that fading spot of sunlight at the entrance of the cave. I dug deep for my wolf’s strength and began to transform. My nails extended into claws. The world sharpened. 
“GET HER!” 
His guard at the mouth of the cave pushed away from where he’d been leaning when I burst out, and he gave chase. I pushed faster and dug deeper. 
If I could just finish the shift, then- 
Something slammed into me before I could fully transform. The wind was knocked from my lungs, and the world tilted. Hard-packed dirt slammed into the side of my face, my stomach wrenched with agony, and for a moment, the sunset went dark. 
I was only unconscious for a moment, but it was enough. When I awoke, my head was reeling and the taste of blood and dirt was in my mouth. My stomach throbbed where I’d fallen, waves of cramps washing over me, 
No. No, no, no. My baby- 
The Rogue King-Asher-was already standing over me. His eyepatch was firmly in 
1/2 
Chapter 259 
place once more, and his face was twisted into a mien of anger. 
+25 Bonus 
“You ran from me, Avery.” Asher dropped to a crouch and grabbed a fistful of my hair. His fingers dug into my scalp, making my eyes water, as he lifted my head off the ground. “I don’t like it when you run from me.” 
“Fuck… You,” I spat. I tried to shift again, but it was no use. Asher had my hair gripped tight, and his guard had his foot on my back. My wolf’s strength was focused on protecting the baby, on ensuring its survival. The transformation wouldn’t come. 
“Give me your hand,” Asher said calmly. 
He took my hand anyway when I didn’t obey I tried to rip it away, but he was too strong. He splayed my fingers wide across the dirt, holding them down, and reached into his pocket with his free one. A scream lodged in my throat as he pulled something out and positioned it over my ring finger. I squeezed my eyes shut, waiting for the pain. He was going to cut my finger off, wasn’t he? 
But the pain never came. I only felt something cool slip onto my ring finger. 
When I opened my eyes, I saw a simple silver band etched with the phases of the moon. There was a single moonstone, glowing faintly in the fading sunlight, laid gently on the top. 
“Marry me,” Asher whispered, so close now I could feel his hot breath fanning across my cheek. He lifted my hand, my nails now crusted with red soil, and pressed a lingering kiss to my knuckle. 
“Marry me, and become my mate.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 260
Chapter 260 
Gideon’s POV 
I searched for hours. 
There were no signs of Avery. No scent. No tracks. Nothing pointing to where she had gone or why. 
All I had left was the ghost of that sensation I’d briefly felt-the moment when I’d sensed her making the decision to leave-and nothing more. 
Still, I searched. Avery was my mate, even if she didn’t want to accept me yet. I wasn’t just going to let her leave. Or be taken. I wasn’t sure which one it had been, but I knew I wouldn’t let her slip away from my life so easily. 
“Perhaps it’s time to head back, Alpha,” my Beta said. The sun had long since gone down, turning the sky into a dull shade of grayish blue. We had been at this for six hours now, maybe even more. I lost track. “We can search again in the morning.” 
Morning? By morning, she could be dead. 
I ignored Tegan, keeping my nose against the ground. There had to be a scent here somewhere. Avery couldn’t have just left without leaving something behind. She wasn’t the type. 
Suddenly, I scented it. It was faint, but it was there. My wolf loped forward, nostrils flaring. There, amongst the underbrush along the side of the road, I spotted a burst of color-a scrap of something bright blue. 
I shifted back and crouched, pushing aside the brambles even as the thorns cut my palms. I snatched the item up and studied it it was a scrap of fabric. Looked like it belonged to Avery’s shirt. I recognized the color from the blouse she’d been wearing earlier. It had been stained with dirt on one sleeve from gardening. 
Indeed, it even smelled like her. Soil and sage and sweet perfume. 
There was no blood on it, thankfully. But there was also nothing else in the area indicating what might have happened. This was Avery’s, though. My wolf was sure of it. 
I stood, turning back to Tegan. “She was here at some point,” I said, handing him the fabric. “Give this to our scouts. I want them on her scent trail as soon as possible. No one rests until she’s found.” 
“Yes, Sir.” He pocketed the fabric, shifted, and took off to carry out my orders. 
1/3 
Chapter 260 
+25 Bonus 
There was still much to be done. My Luna was missing, and I had a feeling she hadn’t just left of her own accord. Something, or someone, had given her an impossible decision to make. She’d left because she felt she had to, not because she simply wanted to disappear. 
Was she in danger? Had she been given no other choice but to go with her captors? 
By the time I returned to Nightwolf, I was dead on my feet. But I had no intention of resting. I headed inside and straight for my room to change and prepare some things before heading out again. Zara and Ryan were first on my interrogation list. Reynaud was a close second. 
Jessica ran into me in the hall. 
“Alpha!” She took a step back, neck flushing. “I-I heard about the Luna. Such a shame.” 
74 
I nodded curtly. “She’s gone. You didn’t happen to see or hear where she went?” 
Jessica hesitated, then replied, “I did see her, actually. She was packing a bag. Said she was running away.’ 
My brows shot skyward. “Is that so?” 
Jessica nodded. I stared at her, trying to decipher the look in her eyes. She was lying, wasn’t she? 
“My daughter wouldn’t just run like that.” 
I turned at the sound of a familiar voice. Avery’s mother stood at the end of a hall, leaning on her cane. She was still here, which meant that my hunch about Avery was likely correct; she hadn’t left of her own accord. She wouldn’t abandon her mother. Not willingly. Even her mother knew that. 
こ 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support) 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 261
Chapter 261 
“You must know something,” I said, turning to face her fully. 
She sniffled and stepped into the light. I saw that her eyes were red-rimmed and puffy, like she’d been crying for hours. “I don’t know.” Her voice dropped, and something flickered across her face. Something I could not read. “But I sense the Rogue King is behind it. Don’t you?” 
Of course I did. The bastard had been messing with Avery for too long to rule him out as a possibility. He was the first thing that came to mind when she went missing. 
But right now, I had no leads on his location. If he took her, he would have likely taken her someplace well-hidden, somewhere I wouldn’t think to look. It wouldn’t be easy to track them down. 
But there were some who might know. 
I found Reynaud in a bar, one that he’d apparently been frequenting, according to the rumor mill, ever since his downfall. He was slightly drunk already, head hanging as he perched on one of the barstools. 
“Reynaud.” I grabbed his shoulder and forced him to look at me. “Where is she?” 
He stared at me. “What?” 
“Avery. You must have heard she went missing by now. You know something, don’t you?” 
He shrugged my hand off and took a swig of his drink. “I don’t know anything,” he slurred. “Maybe she finally decided to up and leave your sorry ass.” 
“You don’t have the right to say that.” I grabbed a fistful of his shirt and hauled him off his chair. He stumbled, and I pressed him into the wall. A few bar goers stared at 
us, 
and the bartender muttered something, but no one stopped me. They knew better than to argue. Especially when my wolf’s fury was glowing an angry yellow in 
my eyes. 
My wolf was going mad. He wanted me to rip Reynaud’s throat out. Wanted me to shift then and there and go on a rampage. 
Our mate was gone. The sensation kept rippling through my wolf like a silver bullet. Pain, anguish, heartbreak. Most of all: rage. 
How could she have left without even saying goodbye? 
No. I tried to soothe my wolf. Avery hadn’t gone willingly. She was taken. Reynaud 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
was just messing with us. 
“Tell me what you know,” I growled, pressing Reynaud more firmly against the wall. 
“I said I don’t know anything!” He shoved me hard, and I stumbled back a step, releasing him. “Like I said, she probably decided to leave! You never treated her well, anyway.” 
“That’s not true.” 
Reynaud tilted his head. “It’s common knowledge, Gideon. You treat your Luna like chopped liver. She probably got sick of your shit and decided to-” 1 
“Enough.” My wolf’s voice snarled out of my throat instead of my own, and I slammed Reynaud against the wall again with enough force this time to crack the plaster behind him. The bar patrons scattered as a growl rumbled in my chest. I could feel my fangs and claws extending, itching to rip into him for even saying such a thing. 
And yet, in the back of my mind, there was a small voice whispering that maybe Reynaud was right, to an extent. Maybe I hadn’t treated Avery the way she deserved before I realized she was my mate. 
But she wouldn’t have run from me. Not like this. She loved me, even if she was angry with me. 
Suddenly, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I whipped my head around, snarling, and froze. Zara was smiling up at me with her arms folded demurely across her chest. 
“I know where she is,” she said. “I’ll tell you. For a price, of course.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 262
Chapter 262 
Avery’s POV 
The silver made my wolf snarl and recoil. Or maybe that was just the coldness of the ring settling around my finger like an icy dagger pressed to my skin. For a moment, I almost wished he had cut my finger off instead. 
“Let go of her,” Asher said, gesturing to his guard. The guard lifted his boot off my back, and Asher extended his hands to me. “Let me help you up.” 
I ignored the offer and stood, dusting myself off. My mind raced. If I rejected the proposal, I wasn’t sure what Asher might do Probably take what he wanted anyway and make it a lot more miserable for me. 
And for my baby. 
But if I played along… then maybe I could find a way out of this. I just needed to bide my time until the right moment. Someone was sure to come for me. Gideon would find me if I could escape first. 
I decided that it would be safest to play into Asher’s schemes. So, even though my stomach was still twisting with a mix of dread and pain, I met his gaze evenly. 
“Fine. I’ll marry you.” 
Asher’s good eye glimmered. “Just like that?” 
“I have conditions,” I said coolly. 
He didn’t respond, so I took it to mean that he might hear me out. Might. 
“First,” I said, “I want to hold off on the mating ceremony until the next Dark Moon,” 
“The Dark Moon?” Asher blinked at me. “The full moon would be-” 
“It’s too much of a reminder of the night out… our tribe was taken from us.” I pursed my lips. “My second condition: I don’t want you to touch me until then. Not sexually. And not otherwise.” 
Asher stared at me for a long moment, brow crinkling around his eyepatch as he narrowed his eyes. I forced my expression to remain calm even though my heart was pounding. He wasn’t going to accept my conditions. Why would he? I was already his captor, weakened and outnumbered. Technically, he could do whatever he wanted. 
But to my surprise, he nodded. “Very well. I think that’s reasonable. Our pups will be 
1/2 
Chapter 262 
+25 Bonus 
stronger if we wait to conceive until after we’re marked. The Dark Moon would be… interesting, but I’m not opposed to it.” 
That was the other thing. 
Pups. 
Asher wanted to impregnate me. For obvious reasons, I couldn’t let that happen. Furthermore, it was impossible. I was already pregnant. 
I had to keep my baby hidden. If he was so concerned about impregnating me with his own pups, then who knew what he might do to mine? 
Asher led me back to the encampment after that. By the time we returned, it was getting late. The moon was a fingernail hanging in the sky. It was waxing, which meant that I had time before the mating ceremony-enough time to get out of here. Whether by my own doing or someone else’s, it didn’t matter. I just needed to get 
out. 
“This will be your home for now,” Asher said, stopping in front of a tent that was close to his. This one was much smaller than his, but still quite a bit larger than the others. When he opened the flap to let me in I was surprised to find that it was furnished with a comfortable-looking bed piled with furs, and there was a small eating area as well as a bathtub and chamber pot hidden behind an ornate screen. The stolen rugs were plush under my sore feet. 
Asher stopped in the entryway, watching as I looked around. When I turned back to him, he was still smiling that possessive smile. His good eye gleamed with self- satisfaction. He looked rather like a cat that had caught a canary. Toying with his meal, 
“Like it?” he asked. “Of course, you’ll move into my tent once we’re mated. Eventually, we won’t have to live in tents at all. Once we take back our kingdom, we’ll live in palaces.” 
Right. Kingdom. I still wasn’t sure if anything he’d said in that cave was true, but I forced a smile anyway, 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
倉 
Support 
Share 
got it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 263
Chapter 263 
With that, Asher left. He stationed the guard by my tent, so I had no way to escape. 
I sighed and sat on the edge of the bed, carefully pulling the ring off my finger. My skin ached where the silver rubbed against it, but otherwise, I felt okay. My belly had stopped hurting, and I laid my hand on it. 
“Is everything alright?” I asked my wolf. I could still feel her gentle energy wrapping around the fetus, protecting it. 
“The baby is fine. Got a little bruised from your fall, but it’ll be okay.” 
I nodded to myself, relieved. Despite everything, my baby was my top priority. I’d never realized just how badly I wanted one until now, but I knew I couldn’t let anything happen to him or her. Even if protecting my child meant not being able to use my wolf’s strength to shift, that wouldn’t change. 
I wasn’t alone for long before the tent flap pushed open again. Deirdre strode in, flanked by two women with chains around their ankles. Slaves. They were each carrying two buckets of water. 
Deirdre grinned nastily and held up a rough loofah. “Time to get you all cleaned up.” 
“I’m fine,” I said, but it didn’t matter. The slaves poured the water into the tub, and Deirdre roughly grabbed my wrist, pulling me to my feet. I shoved her off and undressed myself, then stepped into the tub 
The water was ice cold. 
“This is cold,” I pointed out, 
Deirdre stared at me. “Get in, or I’ll force you to get in.” 
I rolled my eyes and sank into the tub. The icy water made the muscles in my stomach contract again, but I drew in a deep breath. Deirdre stomped over to the side of the tub and scooped one of the buckets into the water, then dumped it over my head. 
“H-Hey!” I sputtered, coughing. Water filled my eyes, my nose, my mouth. I pushed my wet hair out of the way and glared at her. “What was that for?” 
“Just something I’ve been wanting to do for a long time now.” She dunked the loofah into the tub and grabbed my arm, which she began scrubbing hard. The fibers were still partially dry, and the pressure made my skin sting. 
“You’re scrubbing my skin raw!” I pulled my arm away and looked down. My skin 
1/2 
Chapter 203 
+25 Bonus 
was already red from where she’d been raking the partially dry loofah over it. 
“Quit complaining,” she hissed, grabbing my arm again. “Unless you want one of us to shut you up instead?” 
I looked up at the two slaves. They were standing quietly off to the side, clearly a little uncomfortable, but I knew they wouldn’t help. Deirdre began scrubbing with more gusto, then reached for a bar of soap that smelled like black ash and lye. The chemicals immediately burned my raw flesh, and I slapped her hand away. 
“Don’t touch me. I’m still your Luna, whether you like it or not.” 
Deirdre’s upper lip pulled back to reveal a hateful sneer and partially extended fangs. “You’re not a Luna anymore. Just the Rogue King’s slave.” She grabbed my hair, yanking my head to the side hard enough to make tears prick my eyes, and began scrubbing my neck. 
I snapped. Without hesitating, I wrenched myself free and stood, water sloshing everywhere. I lifted my chin and glared at her, letting my wolf’s 
power shine through my eyes. In the full-length mirror that stood behind her, I could see myself -naked, skin dripping, irises red as coals. 
“I am no slave,” I snarled. 
Deirdre didn’t respond. She didn’t cower. She didn’t even apologize. 
She just pulled her hand back and slapped me. 
Hard. 
I fell, doubling over the side of the tub. The wood dug into my belly on the way down, and pain shot through my abdomen. I crumpled onto the rug and clutched my stomach as a wave of nausea wracked my body. 
The cramps started a moment later, Cramps in my lower belly that felt an awful lot like the onset of my period. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 264
Chapter 264 
Avery’s POV 
Deirdre left me lying there on the floor. 
But not before she delivered one final, swift kick to my side. 
“Maybe you had some control over me in Nightwolf.” She towered over me, a dark shadow blotting out the candlelight. “But not here, slave. Here, I’m the one who’s in charge of you. You’re just the whore who will push out the Rogue King’s pups.” 
With that, she turned and strode out of the tent. The two slaves followed her, chains clanking. No one helped me. Not even when was curled into a fetal position on the ground, clutching my belly. 
“Get up,” my wolf commanded. “You have to get up!” 
I felt her strength pulse through me-just for a moment, but it was enough to snap me out of my daze. I pushed myself to my hands and knees, then sat up fully. I took a deep breath and looked down. A sob tore from my throat, which I stifled with my hand. 
Red. So much red. Blood was gushing from between my legs now. 
Was I miscarrying? 
“What do I do?” I whispered, clutching my belly and looking around frantically. I couldn’t call for help-Asher would probably just let my baby die so he could replace it with one of his own. I had to deal with this by myself. 
My wolf retreated, curling herself around the little form in my belly. “I’ll hold it back,” she said, her voice becoming frantic now in a way I hadn’t heard before. “Get to the window. Now!” 
“The… window…?” My head was spinning. The blood loss was too much, the pain too great. But I forced myself to look around, and I spotted the small flap in the side of the tent I hadn’t noticed before. It was really just a sliver covered with mesh, but it was enough to let some light in. 
I wasn’t sure why my wolf wanted me to do this, but I crawled over to the window, one hand still clutching my belly, The blood continued to gush, leaving a thin trail behind me. I gritted my teeth and slumped closer until I was just beneath the window. 
“Now what…?” 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
“Pray.” 
“What?” 
“The Moon Goddess!” 
My breath caught. I clasped my hands together and sat back on my heels, swallowing down the cramp that wrenched my gut. “Please, Moon Goddess,” I whispered, just as I had done with Gideon’s wound. “Please… Please save my baby…” 
Nothing happened. I screwed my eyes shut as tight as I could and clenched my hands together, willing her to hear me. If she was even real. 
“Please… Moon Goddess, hear my prayer…” 
Suddenly, a strong gust of wind blew through the camp, bringing with it the smell of meat and blood and dirt, but also the scent of fresh air and pine needles. The canvas of my tent shook, and I heard raised voices outside as someone’s chair inevitably blew over into a fire pit. 
But I didn’t stop praying. If anything, I prayed harder. I imagined the Moon Goddess’s pale form, just as she had looked that night in my dreams. I envisioned her long, floating hair, her crown set upon her white brow. I remembered her gentle smile and the warmth of her gaze. 
Most of all, I imagined her standing in the tent with me, wrapping her arms around me… and saving my baby. 
“Yes… Yes, I can feel it!” my wolf cried. A moment later, I felt a warmth envelop me like a childhood blanket. 
For those brief seconds, I swore-I knew this feeling. It was a feeling as old as I was, even before my memories began. It was a blanket embroidered with a crescent moon. It was a shaft of moonlight peeking through the trees, protecting me in a bubble of silver until the wolves stopped circling me and my adoptive mother stumbled upon 

It was the feeling of peace that came when my mother slipped me into her sweater, right against her chest, and carried me home. 
D 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 265
Chapter 265 
“That’s it, dear girl,” I heard her voice whisper. No-three voices. Three women. My adoptive mother. My biological mother. And the Moon Goddess. 
When I opened my eyes, I found that the slender moon had appeared from behind the clouds. A thin shaft of light was shining directly onto that tiny window. My pain was gone, and I’d stopped bleeding. My wolf was purring with contentment, still wrapped around the little life within my belly, but my child had stopped writhing in pain. 
I stared up at the moon in wonder. 
Was it true? Was I the Lycan princess like Asher had claimed? 
Was I truly a descendent of the Moon Goddess? 
Gideon’s POV 
Zara didn’t break her gaze away from me, not even to look at Reynaud as he struggled under my grip. 
My wolf didn’t trust her. Neither did I. But I was desperate. If she knew anything, anything at all about where Avery had gone, then I needed to hear her out. 
“Fine,” I said, releasing Reynaud and stepping away. I saw him scamper off out of the corner of my eyes, but I didn’t pay him any mind. “What do you know?” 
Zara’s lips curved. “Don’t you want to know my conditions first?” 
“Go ahead.” Whatever it was, I had little intention of following through. I just 
wanted the information. 
“In exchange for me telling you where Avery is,” Zara said, checking her nails, “I want you to send her mother back to Silvermoon for punishment. She’s still an Omega slave. She belongs to me.” 
My nostrils flared. Avery would never forgive me if I did something like that. I would never forgive myself. Avery always cared about her mother above all else, even above herself. Even if handing her mother back to the people who had abused her would mean getting Avery back, it wouldn’t be worth it. Avery would be furious and would probably just endanger herself again trying to get her mother back, which was exactly what Zara wanted. 
“How do I know you won’t lie to me?” I asked. 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
“I figured you would say that.” Zara reached into her pocket and pulled something out. It was a necklace. It was gold, with three large diamonds hanging from it. 
“Recognize this?” Zara asked, shoving the necklace in my face. 
No. I didn’t recognize it. But I didn’t respond right away, too curious to see where this was going. 
“It’s Avery’s,” Zara said. “Or rather, it was. It must have fallen off when she was taken. I found it close to the rogue camp.” 
She dropped the necklace like a piece of trash. On instinct, I caught it and studied it. The diamonds were heavy and perfectly polished. I had never seen Avery wear this, not even at a formal event. As far as I knew, she didn’t care for diamonds. 
Then again, I had never asked. 
But this was definitely not something she would wear. It was too perfect, too expensive. She rarely even wore jewelry, and when she did, it was delicate and sentimental. The last piece I’d seen her wear was on the night of our mating ceremony, and it had been a simple leather necklace with a handmade glass bead on it. Nothing at all like this one. 
I knew, in that moment, that Zara was bluffing. 
“Avery would never wear something like this,” I said, throwing the necklace back at her. “She doesn’t like this style. It’s too garish, not at all suited to gardening.” 
Zara caught the necklace and blinked as if surprised. She didn’t speak for a moment. Then: “You care about her?” 
“Of course I care about her.” I turned on my heel. This conversation was over. She had nothing of value to tell me-just lie after lie after fucking lie. “She’s my mate.” 
日 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 266
Chapter 266 
Zara’s POV 
Mate. 
The word struck me like a freight train. 
+25 Bonus 
I stared at Gideon’s neck where it disappeared into the collar of his shirt. There was no mark there, not that I could see. But maybe it was hidden. 
So it was Avery he’d been looking for all along. And now he knew. 
Had they mated? 
If they had, then this was even worse than I thought. A mated male would stop at nothing to protect his lover. Gideon might find Avery quicker than we anticipated. 
It would ruin everything for me. Everything I had worked so carefully to build. 
My castle would crumble before the concrete had set. 
Gideon strode away, leaving me standing there with the random necklace I’d found sitting at the bottom of my jewelry box. I had hoped to convince him that it was hers, thus getting him to promise to give the bitch’s mother back to me in exchange for false information. 
He’d seen right through my ruse, of course. Because he cared more for her than he let on. I didn’t think he would know what sort of jewelry Avery did and didn’t wear. I certainly didn’t even know myself. 
I needed to give him the information, with or without the mother. Anything to keep him off Avery’s real trail. 
“I’ll tell you the truth!” I called out, bursting into the dimly lit alley behind him. 
Gideon didn’t stop walking. “You’re a liar, Zara, You always have been one. I never intended to listen to you, and I certainly don’t now.” 
“You did, though. For a moment, you knew had the information you wanted.” Gideon stopped walking, and I went on, “I didn’t know you were mated.” 
“What does it matter?” 
“It matters that… That she might be cheating on you with the Rogue King as we speak.” I bit my lip, watching as his shoulders tensed. Cheating. That was one thing that a mated male would respond to. If their marks were fresh, his jealousy would be at an all time high. And clearly, his wolf was going mad now that Avery was “lost” 
1/3 
Chapter 268 
+25 Bonus 
again. I could make him do something rash. Something that would throw him off. Something that might even ruin him entirely. 
Slowly, he turned to look at me. His eyes flashed yellow, and it had nothing to do with the amber glow of the streetlights. 
“Where is she?” 
I wanted to smile, but instead, I forced my expression into one of false pity. 
“She met the Rogue King at a crossroads near his encampment. Give me your map, and I’ll mark it down for you.” 
Avery’s POV 
“The Rogue King wants you to come to his tent for breakfast.” 
I had just barely roused myself from sleep when Deirdre burst into my tent. She was alone this time, holding a bundle of clothes in her arms. If one could even call them that. They looked more like rags, lightweight, thin, and tattered. 
I sat up and pulled my fur blanket up to my chest. “I’m not hungry.” 
“Too bad. You don’t have a choice in the matter.” Deirdre yanked the covers away and snapped her fingers. “Get up.” 
My jaw clenched at her tone, but I obeyed, if only to avoid another incident like last night. I stood, and she roughly yanked my tank top off over my head, exposing my breasts. She gestured for me to pull my underwear down while she pulled out the clothes she’d brought, 
I expected her to have clean underwear for me, but there were no undergarments. Just a thin dress that was so sheer I could see Deirdre’s smirk through it. 
“I’m expected to wear that?” I asked. 
Deirdre pulled the dress over my head. It didn’t even have arm holes; it was just a long strip of fabric with a hole cut for my neck. The flaps came down between my legs in the front and back, exposing the sides of my body completely. She fastened it with a rope belt around my waist, but it didn’t do much. 
“It’s what the Rogue King wants for his slave.” 
“I’m not a slave,” I repeated. 
“Keep telling yourself that.” Deirdre was already shoving me toward the exit. I was 
2/3 
Chapter 266 
+25 Bonus 
barefoot and shivering and hadn’t even had a chance to comb my hair or brush my teeth. “But we all know what you really are. See?” 
She pushed the tent flaps open, and I stepped out into the morning sun, momentarily blinded. When my vision adjusted, I saw that a crowd had gathered. Mostly males, all of whom were leering at me, licking their lips and eyeing my body lasciviously. A few whistled, and I heard some choice words ripped through the group that I chose to ignore. The women were glaring at me with obvious anger and jealousy. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+2 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 267
Chapter 267 
“You see,” Deirdre said, shoving me through the crowd, which barely parted enough to let me through without bumping against the men, “once the Royue King, bas his way with you and you give birth to his pups, you’ll belong to the entire camp. They can take turns fucking you as they please, or as a group, if they feel like it. 11’% important to spread the genes, after all, but as for you? Your feelings don’t matter,” 
My throat bobbed. So she was saying I would be a sex slave after the Rogue King, was done with me, With the way these men were already looking at me, I wasn’t surprised. 
Fuck. I had to get out of here, 
The stares followed me all the way to Asher kept my head held high, refusing to let them affected me. 
tent. Some of them terrified me, but I 
especially Deirdre-see how they 
Inside, Asher was already sitting, in front of a breakfast spread. The moment he saw me, he shot to his feet, “Avery!” he gasped. What are you wearing? I can see everything!” 
1 tucked my chin and glared at Deirdre, I didn’t even have to say anything. Asher grabbed the wolf pelt from his throne and rushed over, draping it around my shoulders. 
“This was your doing?” he growled, whirling on her. He pulled me away from her and held me tight against his body. I tried not to think about the fact that it should have been Gideon who was holding me like that. I also tried not to think about the dead wolf’s face that was currently perched on top of my head, which made me want to retch. 
Deirdre stared at him. “You told me to bring her something suitable to wear. I thought-” 
“You marched her through the camp like a common whore! Exposed her private bits to everyone! She’s a princess, you fool! She’s mine!””, 
Deirdre’s mouth opened and closed a few times without sound. She looked at me, and I realized that she hadn’t expected Asher to stand up for me. Maybe she really had deluded herself into thinking that I would be at her mercy here. 
Even as a captive of the Rogue King, I supposed I was still above her. And she couldn’t handle that. 
Before Deirdre could answer, Asher snapped his fingers at the guard standing 
Chopter 267 
+25 Bonus 
nearby. The male walked over to her and grabbed her arm. 
“H-Hey! What are you-” 
“You’re demoted, Deirdre. Effective immediately.” Asher’s voice was cold. “Take her to the other slaves. From now on, she’s one of them.” 
“S-Stop! I didn’t know! I didn’t…” Deirdre’s voice faded into the distance as the guard dragged her away. I let out a small breath I didn’t know I had been holding once she was gone. 
Asher turned to me and gripped me by both shoulders. “You’re mine, Avery. No one else’s. Don’t forget that.” 
“She told me I would become the camp’s sex slave,” I blurted out. 
His eyes-eye-darkened. “Like I said, you’re mine.” The possessiveness in his voice made me want to shudder, but I bit back the urge. I didn’t want him to see how his words affected me. 
But one thing was for certain: I was getting the fuck out of this place before anyone touched me. Even him. 
Asher guided me over to the table and sat me down on one of the chairs. A spread of food was waiting for me. Toast, eggs, some fresh fruit. It looked good, and after last night, I knew I needed to keep up my strength. So I ate, if only for my baby’s sake. 
That was a mistake. The moment the eggs touched my tongue, the scent overwhelmed me. The pregnancy hormones turned the mundane food into a riot of stomach-churning scents and textures, and I gagged. 
“Avery?” Asher looked up as I shot to my feet with my hand over my mouth. “What’s wrong?” 
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t. I rushed over to the folding screen in the corner and dropped to my knees beside the chamber pot. The scent of urine only made the sensation worse, and I vomited up what little was left in my stomach. 
When I was finished, I sat back on my heels gasping, and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. A shadow fell over me then, and I froze, 
I looked up and over my shoulder to see Asher standing over me, staring at the mess I’d left in his chamber pot. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 268
Chapter 268 
Gideon’s POV 
My wolf loped through the trees, leaping over logs and weaving between moss- covered boulders. The moon was high in the sky by now-a mere sliver peeking out occasionally from amongst the clouds. 
I knew Zara’s coordinates would likely lead me nowhere. Logically, I knew that. She was a liar-she always had been, and she always would be. 
But I couldn’t help it. The moment I saw that point on my map, my wolf went wild. We had to see it with our own eyes, even if nothing was there. Even if it was a trap, we had to go. My wolf wouldn’t have it any other way. 
So now here we were, racing through the forest on a fool’s errand. 
The crossroads Zara described was close now. Three birch trees, she had said. The Rogue King’s current encampment was down the path to the right of those trees. 
To the right. 
I finally spotted the crossroads and skidded to a halt, panting. There was no sign; just two dirt roads diverging into darkness. My wolf’s eyes scanned the treeline. I was alone. 
I shifted back, still somewhat breathless, and walked up to the trees. I scanned the ground for anything that could point to Avery being here at some point. Anything at all. 
There was nothing. 
I must have scoured the grass and dirt for upwards of a half-hour, and found nothing but more grass and dirt. But not all hope was lost. 
Shifting back, I took the right fork, I followed it for three miles, just like Zara had said. Three miles, then down a narrow, overgrown old hiking path that had long since gone unused due to a storm that had washed the trail out years ago, 
I padded along the trail, head on a swivel. The forest was quiet, save for the occasional hoot of a howl or the wind rustling through the trees. I spotted a possum skittering across the path at one point, but nothing else. No rogues. No predators. 
For all intents and purposes, the forest was blissfully peaceful tonight. 
I shifted back and dropped to my knees, pounding my fists into the dirt. 
1/3 
Chapter 268 
+25 Bonus 
“FUCK! FUCK FUCK FUUUUCK!” 
My voice echoed into the quiet forest, bouncing off the trees and rocks. The owl stopped hooting, and I heard the rustle of its wings as it alighted from a branch somewhere overhead. 
I was alone. 
My wolf snarled. “She has to be around here. She has to!” 
“She’s not.” I stood, raking my fingers so roughly through my hair that a few dark strands came free in my fist. “She’s not fucking here. We were played like fools.” 
“She must be-” 
“Shut the hell up!” I snapped, stumbling backwards. “She’s not here, you senseless animal! She’s fucking GONE!” 
My wolf went silent at my words. I immediately regretted them once my heart stopped pounding. I took a deep breath to steady myself. In through my nose, out through my mouth. 
“This is driving us both insane,” I muttered shaking my head. “We have to get a grip. She’s still alive. That has to mean something.” 
I could feel my wolf’s presence return. It was tentative, but slightly calmer now. I’m sorry.” 
(( 
“I know.” I turned slowly, taking in the forest. Somewhere in the distance, I heard the sound of a creek running through the woods. I decided to head there for a sip of 
water. 
The creek was larger than I expected, cut through with rocks smoothed over from years of running water. I crouched by the shore and cupped my hands, letting them fill up before lifting them to my mouth. The water was cool and refreshing and tasted sweetly of the mountains, soothing my wolf. 
That was when I noticed something in the water. Something shiny, glinting under the surface as the water trickled over it. 
Curious, I waded over and grabbed it. 
My throat constricted. 
It was a glass bead. 
The same one I’d seen Avery wearing before 
2/3 
Chapter 268 
+25 Bonus 
I stared at the bead for a long moment, wondering if she had passed through here at some point. The odds felt uncanny, but then again, we were bound by fate. Maybe I’d been drawn to this creek because her presence lingered. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 269
Chapter 269 
I pocketed the bead and made a decision. 
I’d find Avery on my own. Tonight. 
+25 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
“Are you ill?” Asher stared at me. 
I stood slowly, trying to ignore my shaking legs. “I think I contracted food poisoning.” 
“We should take you to see a doctor, then.” He grabbed my wrist. “You need to be in tip-top shape for the mating ceremony.” 
My stomach twisted again for multiple reasons. Lingering nausea. Fear. And dread. If Asher found out I was pregnant… What would he do to my child? 
“I… I’m fine,” I lied, but my pale face spoke volumes. Asher began pulling me away from the chamber pot. I suddenly had an idea, and froze. “Can I at least change first? I don’t want to be wearing… this any longer. 
Asher looked at me, then nodded. “Very well I’ve got some clothes in there.” He gestured to the bedroom off to the side. “Put on whatever you like. I’ll get the doctor.” 
He left after that. The guard remained outside the tent, but not all was lost. I moved quickly, rifling through his drawers until I found something suitable-a dark pair of pants and a matching shirt. It was close enough in color to some of the uniforms I’d seen the Omegas wearing. Maybe I could slip out unnoticed. 
I pulled on the clothes, which were too big but good enough. Then, I pulled my hair back and covered it with a men’s hat. I moved around the perimeter of the tent and tested the fabric for loose spots that could be pulled up. 
“Come on… Come on… Aha!” I finally found stretch of fabric that was slightly loose and able to be pulled up. If I could just crawl through, I could make a run for it- 
“What are you doing?” 
The sound of Asher’s voice coming from behind me made me whirl around so fast that the hat fell off, revealing my hair. “I… I was… Um…” 
“You’re delirious. Must be a fever,” he said, rushing over. He guided me over to his 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 260 
bed before I could protest and sat me down on the edge. I wrang my hands in my lap as an old, weathered woman with long gray hair and animal bones hanging around her neck, entered the tent. 
She walked up to me and leaned close, studying my face intently with rheumy eyes. 
“Hm… Doesn’t look sick to me…” she muttered. 
“Well, she was just vomiting a minute ago,” Asher said. “She had one bite of scrambled eggs and that was that.” 
“Interesting…” She looked at me. “Have you been getting nauseous often? In the mornings?” 
“No,” I said quickly. Too quickly. 
The doctor chuffed and gestured to the pillows. “Lay down. I want to look at your belly.” 
“I’d rather not-” 
“You heard the woman,” Asher barked. “Lay. Down.” 
H 
I obeyed, purely out of fear, and laid down on the pillows. The woman pulled my shirt up and palpated her gnarled hands around on my belly. I stayed stock still, silently praying that she wouldn’t feel anything. 1 
Behind her, Asher glared at me with his arms folded. There was a long silence as she worked. She then pulled a pouch of herbs out of her pocket, opened it, and waved it under my nose. 
“What’s this smell like?” she asked. 
My nose itched from the foul scent of the herbs, and I felt a sudden urge to retch again. 
WWWW 
“I don’t know.” I covered my mouth and nose with my sleeve. “But it smells awful. Please get it away, or else I’ll-“} 
Too late. I leaned over the side of the bed and puked what little bile I had left in my stomach. The doctor, as if sensing what would happen, caught it with a bucket she had in her hand. 
When I was finished, she turned to Asher. “she doesn’t have food poisoning, Sir. She’s pregnant. 
My stomach dropped. I opened my mouth to speak, but I didn’t get a chance. Asher’s 
2/3 
Chapter 209 
eye went dark, and he rushed forward, pinning me to the bed by my wrists. 
“You’re fucking pregnant?!” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 270
Chapter 270 
Avery’s POV 
“Why didn’t you tell me you were pregnant? 
Asher leapt off the bed and kicked over his nightstand, sending bottles and books flying everywhere. I curled up into a fetal position and held my arms over my head, squeezing my eyes shut. 
Years of living with my father had taught me what to do in situations like this. Make myself small. And hope they eventually forgot about me during their rage. 
While Asher continued his rampage, I glanced at the space I’d nearly crawled through before. I considered making a run for it now. Squeezing through and shifting and running as fast as I could. 
But deep down, I knew it wouldn’t work. My wolf was still lending her strength to the fetus. Asher would catch me too quickly. And I was still reeling from my morning sickness. I wouldn’t make it very far. 
I had to do what I knew best with men like this. I had to play into Asher’s wants, his ego. Whatever it took, I had to survive. My baby had to survive. 
I sat up slowly and took in the state of the tent. He’d torn the curtains down that were separating the bedroom from the rest of the space. Items had been swept off tables. Chairs overturned. Thankfully, he hadn’t turned his ire on me. Yet. 
“You think you can sully the Lycan bloodline with Werewolf seed?” His voice was shrill and dangerous, his one good eye flashing between red and yellow.” Interbreeding is strictly prohibited! You’re mine! Mine!” 
I stood slowly and walked over to the overturned chairs. With careful movements, began picking them up. I arranged them around the table, then stooped to pick up the map that had fallen. 
For the first time, I noticed a marker on the map-red letters that read “Camp” in the eastern forest. I froze. 
M 
East. I was east. I stared at the map, studying the details, then spotted the creek known as Dead Man’s Gully that cut right across the eastern border of Nightwolf. The map cut off after there, but I knew that if I went west, I would eventually get to the creek, then to Nightwolf. 
Home. 
I 
1/3 
155 
Chapter 270 
+25 Bonus 
“What are you doing?” Asher shouted. He stormed after me and snatched the map 
away. 
I forced a calm smile. “Helping you clean up 
Asher tucked the map into his pocket, then drew in a deep breath as if calming himself. His next words made my blood turn to ice. 
“You have to abort it,” he said. 
I turned to him. “Why?” 
“Didn’t you hear me before? It’s the child of a Werewolf. Lesser genes. How can we rebuild our empire with a half-breed? Besides, I won’t allow you to walk around flaunting the child of that man. I have dignity, too, you know.” 
My vision blurred with a mixture of terror and rage. I watched as the doctor approached Asher and whispered something in his ear. He nodded. 
“The doctor will prepare a mixture for you. The pregnancy is early enough that you can pass the embryo without lasting damage or pain or need for a more invasive procedure.” 
“It will merely be a heavy period,” the doctor assured me. “You will be fertile again before your mating ceremony.” 
I took a step back. Abort my child? Just like that? 
For him? 
“No,” I blurted out. “I won’t do it!” 
“You don’t have a choice.” Asher grabbed my wrist, fangs flashing. “How many times do I have to tell you that you’re mine? Do you know how hard I worked to get you here? I wandered the wilderness for you for decades, lived amongst filthy rogues, just to gather enough strength to get you back. I won’t let you ruin it all by letting that man’s seed fester in your womb. It’s mine. It’s always been mine.” 
Mine. I hated the way he said that. Like I was his property. Like my reproductive organs belonged to him simply because of a pact that our dead parents allegedly made for us. 
“Take her back to her tent,” Asher said, releasing me with a shove. “The medicine will be brought to you once it’s complete. Don’t misbehave.” 
I stumbled backwards into a guard that I hadn’t noticed before, and he scooped me off my feet before I could protest. I pounded his arms weakly, but it was no use. He 
2/3 
Chapter 270 
+25 Bonus 
was twice my size, and I was becoming weaker by the minute. 
“Oh,” Asher said then, smoothing down his shirt, “and make sure you wear your engagement ring, Avery. Everyone in this pack should know who you belong to. And if I see you’ve removed it again, you’ll be punished.” 
The guard took me back to my tent after that. By now, people had overheard the chaos, and everyone stared as we passed. I caught a glimpse of Deirdre glaring at me from amongst a group of slaves. She wore tattered clothes now and chains around her ankles, and there was murder in her eyes. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
LI 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 271
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 271 
Once the guard had deposited me on my bed like a sack of potatoes, I was alone. 
But I refused to sit around and wallow. I had to escape. I was not going to abort my child. 
I didn’t hesitate. The moment I was alone, I slipped off the bed and scoured my tent. There were no weapons, but I decided that the mirror would have to do. I placed a sheet over it from my bed to muffle the sound, then pounded it with my fist until I felt the glass crack. Then, I pried a large piece loose and hurried over to the back of my tent, as far from my guard as I could get. 
I carefully sliced into the canvas. The shard of glass cut into my palm, drawing blood, but I didn’t stop. I kept cutting until there was a flap large enough to squeeze through. 
I pocketed the glass just in case and dropped to all fours. I peeked through the slit, finding nothing but a small, makeshift alleyway between my tent and a few others. Once I was certain the coast was clear, I crawled through. 
The sun was still high in the sky, leaving few shadows to cover me. I kept low and darted between the tents. This city was a fucking mess. I didn’t know which way to go, or where the best path would take me. Everything was a sea of canvas and wood and piles of debris. 
Finally, I spotted a potential exit-a wide pathway leading through a gate into the woods. I peeked around the corner of a tent and looked both ways. There were rogues pacing back and forth on a patrol. Guards. I’d have to time my movements perfectly. 
I counted their steps. Each one walked about fifteen to twenty paces in one direction before turning. They moved in opposite directions, so they always had eyes on both sides. But if I could dart across the road right while they were turning, they might not see me. I’d have to go back and forth until I reached the gate, but it was doable. 
The first one went smoothly. I darted across the road and dove behind a barrel before they spotted me. My heart leapt into my threat, but I immediately sprang back to my feet and waited for the next opportunity, 
It was on the second attempt that it all went wrong. My foot caught on the barrel I’d been hiding behind just as I jumped out, It teetered, then fell, sending potatoes rolling across the ground. 
The guards both whirled toward me. 
“Hey!” 
1/3 
Chapter 271 
+25 Bonus 
“Get her!” 
Shit. 
I made a run for the gate, but another rogue blocked my path and shoved me back before I could reach it. I sprawled across the dirt, and my head began spinning so violently that I think I lost consciousness. 
“Gideon…” 
When I woke, I was in my bed. I could see the shadows of multiple people moving around, silhouetted through the canvas. Asher must have stationed extra guards all around me. 
Before I could get my bearings, the flap opened and Deirdre walked in, carrying a tray of food. 
I sat up and glared at her. “I don’t want that.”‘ 
“The King says you have to eat.” She pursed her lips angrily. 
Of course he did. It was probably poisoned with the abortion drugs. Just to make a point, I took the tray from her and walked over to my makeshift bathroom. 
Then, without breaking eye contact, I promptly dumped the food into my chamber pot. Right along with the piss and shit. 
I handed the tray back to Deirdre, who was now staring at the pot in shock. 
“Why did you do that?” she snarled. “I should make you eat it right out of there!” 
“I don’t have to listen to you.” I turned and walked back over to my bed, flopping onto the mattress. “You’re the one who’s the slave now. Not me.” 
Deirdre’s mouth worked. I could tell she wanted to argue, but she knew there was no use. Not with those chains around her ankles. With a hmph, she turned on her heel and made for the door. 
“Oh, and Deirdre?” I called out. She froze. “Well the ‘King’ I won’t be eating a damn thing. I’m officially on a hunger strike.” 
I turned away, curling up on my side, before I could see her reaction. 
Before she could see the tears in my eyes. 
*25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 272
Chapter 272 
Avery’s POV 
The hunger pains had gotten worse. 
“You need to eat,” my wolf whined. “If not for yourself, then for the baby…” 
I clenched my jaw and rolled over on my bed shivering beneath the pile of furs.” There won’t be a baby to worry about if he forces me to abort it.” 
My wolf whimpered in response, but she knew I was right. I’d been on my hunger strike since yesterday-hadn’t eaten a single thing since breakfast, which I threw up after only eating a single bite of scrambled eggs. 
It wasn’t easy. Not while I was pregnant. And honestly, I didn’t even know if it was making a difference. It felt like I was locked in a battle of wills with Asher, both of us waiting for the other to back down to no avail. 
But I would keep going. I’d made my demands: let me keep my baby, or I would starve. His precious “princess” wouldn’t survive. What would he do then? How would he rebuild his so-called “kingdom” without me? 
He couldn’t. He needed me. Which meant that he would have to listen to me sooner or later. 
As if on cue, the tent flap opened. I expected Deirdre to enter again, holding another tray of food that I would refuse to eat. But to my surprise, it was Asher. 
I sat up, pulling the covers up to my chest, and warily eyed the tray he was holding as I slipped the engagement ring onto my finger beneath the blankets. 
This time, it was a juicy steak. The scent of the grilled meat made my mouth water, but I clamped my teeth together, refusing to let him manipulate me. 
“I’m not eating that,” I said firmly as he approached my bed. 
“Yes, you are.” Asher’s eye was still coal-red with the same anger from yesterday, but his voice was low and controlled. He set the steak down on my table and picked up the utensils. 
“You can’t make me.” 
“Watch me.” He cut the steak with precise, harsh movements, then speared the piece on a fork and approached my bed. The look in his eye made me instinctively leap off the other side of the mattress, scurrying away. 
1/2 
#26 Bonus 
“Don’t you dare- 
3) 
“Get back here, Avery!” Asher closed the distance between us and grabbed me by the neck before I could get away. With no food in my belly, my head spun as I tried to run and I’d become weak. That damn silver ring was burning my skin, too. All I could do was jerk my head back as he tried to shove the fork against my lips. 
“No!” 
“Just fucking eat it—” 
“NO!” I ripped off the ring, and my wolf’s strength surged. I grabbed his wrist just as he pressed the steak to my lips and wrenched it as hard as I could. His skin ripped beneath my wolf’s claws, and he shouted, leaping back and clutching his wrist. The fork fell to the ground, steak and all. 
“What the hell?” he hissed, blood seeping through his fingers. “You cut me!” 
“I told you I’m not eating.” I snatched the plate before he could pick it up again, stomped over to the door, lifted the flap, and chucked the entire thing outside like a frisbee. 
A moment later, I heard a crash and someone shouting, “OW!” 
Asher stared at me as I turned back to him. You’re insane.” 
“I’m perfectly fine. You’re the insane one.” walked back over to my bed and sat.l down, quickly covering my legs with the furs before he could see how they were shaking from the hunger. “This could all be resolved if you’d just let me keep my baby.” 
His eye narrowed, the other brow crinkling around his eyepatch. “I told you, Lycans and Werewolves aren’t supposed to interbreed. Our kingdom shouldn’t be sullied by hybrid abominations.” 
“You won’t have a ‘kingdom’ at all if your ‘princess’ dies from starvation.” 
Asher stared at me for a moment longer, tongue poking into the inside of his cheek. I half expected him to storm over and throttle me. But he didn’t. He didn’t even say a word. 
2/2 
Chapter 273 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 273
Chapter 273 
He just turned on his heel and left, still holding his bloody wrist. 
It was only once he was gone that I let out a shaky breath and pressed my hand to my racing heart. 
Deirdre’s POV 
A lowly slave. 
That was what I had become. 
Once, I was the Rogue King’s right-hand woman. Then, I was Gideon’s Luna. I didn’t think it was possible for me to rise any higher in the ranks. 
But now… I was a lowly fucking servant, being forced to carry trays of food the bitch wouldn’t eat, dump her chamber pot, make her bed. The worst part was that I couldn’t even do anything about it because Asher had gotten it into his head that she was some kind of princess and not just a broodmare to help him produce his heirs. 
I grit my teeth as I raked her shirt over the washboard. The water in the tub was ice- cold, turning the tips of my fingers red. 
“Did you hear?” one of the other slaves whispered. “An Alpha’s scent was picked up by the hunters today. I wonder if he came for her!” 
I froze. Were they talking about Gideon? Had he tracked Avery down? 
“It’s honestly kind of romantic,” another slave replied in a hushed voice. “I wish my Prince Charming would come for me.” 
Prince Charming. 
Gideon was supposed to be my knight in shining armor, If Avery hadn’t ruined everything… But maybe this was an opportunity to fix things. If he was close, then I could find him. I knew these woods better than most. 
Besides, how could I stay here like this? As a slave? I was better than this, I deserved the life I briefly had with Gideon, not the one that entailed scrubbing dirty clothes in wash buckets. 1 
1 
I stood, drying my hands on my wet apron. No one paid me any mind as I walked away from 
my work. That was the one good thing about being a slave: no one notices you most of the time. I managed to make it all the way to the gates of the camp 
1/2 
Chapter 273 
before a guard spotted me. 
“Where do you think you’re going, slave?” He glanced at the heavy silver chains binding my ankles together, keeping me from running and shifting. 
+25 Bonus 
I smiled and held up the basket I’d picked up along the way. “Collecting herbs for the princess’s abortion.” 
The guard stared at me for a moment. My heart raced, but I kept my expression neutral. Finally, he nodded and let me pass. 
I kept my pace steady along the forest path until I knew I was out of sight. Then, I began to run. As much as I could, at least, but it wasn’t easy with the chains. I could have found a key to unlock them before I left, but I needed them if I was going to make Gideon pity me. 
I’d need to rough myself up, too, I realized. I dropped to the ground and rolled back and forth, dirtying my clothes and hair. Then, I ripped my skirt, and punched and bit myself a few times, just hard enough to leave marks and bruises. 
By the time I picked up his scent, the sun was setting. I hurried in the direction I’d smelled it coming from, and eventually, it mingled with the faint scent of campfire smoke. 
I tiptoed through the underbrush and peered around a large tree. There, I spotted him-sitting beside a modest campfire, staring at the stars. 
So he really was looking for her. 
But not for long. I’d make sure of that. 
“Gideon!” I cried, bursting out of the trees. He shot to his feet, claws extending, half -shifting as if preparing for a fight. But there was no need. I threw myself before him and kissed the ground by his boots. “Gideon thank the Goddess you’re here!” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
日 
Comments 
? 
U 
Support 
Share 
DECEMBRA, SASSINTOS 
KOTUNECADES O 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 274
Chapter 274 
Gideon’s POV 
A 
I searched for Avery all day. 
Her scent popped up in various locations in the forest. I followed it for the better portion of the day, traipsing through miles and miles of woods. But then, around midday, it went cold after crossing through another creek. 
Still, I didn’t give up. Not if she was out there and in need of my help. 
So I scoured the forest until I was nearly delirious. I didn’t rest, didn’t eat. I searched in every ravine, behind every tree, even squeezed my body into caves that were too narrow for any sane person to venture. 
Nothing. 
By the time the sun went down, I must have gone in several circles. The forest was turning into a blur. Every tree looked identical, and I think I passed the same boulder at least three times. 
Eventually, I was too exhausted and hungry to go on, so I decided to make camp for the night. My wolf hunted down a couple of rabbits, which I ate in wolf form to avoid having to cook. I built a small fire that was really just coals, just enough to keep me warm without creating any smoke that could be tracked. 
I was in rogue territory, after all, although I hadn’t come face-to-face with any yet. 
That was, until I heard rustling in the underbrush, and a shrill voice call out, ” Gideon!” 
I leapt to my feet, partially shifting in preparation for a fight. My heart raced for a moment as a woman’s frame jumped out of the shadows. 
Avery? 
My hopes fell when I saw that it was Deirdre She threw herself at me, kissing the ground by my feet. 
“Gideon, thank the Goddess you’re here!” 
I stared down at her in shock. Deirdre looked completely different than the last time I’d seen her; disheveled, dressed in dirty, torn rags, hair matted, skin cut and bruised, feet bare and caked with dirt. And she wore thick, heavy chains around her ankles that reeked of silver. 
1/4 
Chapter 274 
+25 Bonus 
“What 
“Deirdre?” I didn’t help her up, nor did I retract my claws. She couldn’t be trusted, even if she looked like she’d been through hell. I’d learned that the hard way. happened to you?” 
Deirdre sniffled and pushed herself up to her knees. She wiped her nose with her arm, smearing more dirt across her face. “Gideon, it was awful. The Rogue King took me as his slave!” 
“What? Are you sure?” I scanned the nearby forest for signs of other rogues. I expected to see at least one other form in the trees, perhaps more, preparing for an ambush. But the forest was quiet and empty. She had come alone, or so it seemed. 
“Yes.” She stood and trembled. “It was Avery’s doing!” 
I blinked in confusion. 
“You didn’t know?” Her eyes widened. “Gideon, she’s been working with the Rogue King this entire time.” 
Avery-my Avery-was working with the Rague King. 
I found that very hard to believe, but I remained quiet, curious to hear what she had to say next. 
“As it turns out,” she went on, “she was sent by the Rogue King to seduce you ages ago. I guess I got in the way of that when you and I were…” Her voice trailed off, cheeks flushing faintly. “Anyway, she had me captured and taken as his slave as punishment. It’s been awful!” 
Right… I looked at her current state. She did seem rather disheveled. But I still wasn’t sure if I believed her. Not entirely, at least. 1 
“Do you know where she is now?” I asked. 
9 
Deirdre shuddered again, replied, “Well, I’m not sure of her exact location. I was kept in a separate camp. But I know she’s with the Rogue King right now. She faked a kidnapping in the hopes you would try to rescue her. They have a whole setup planned. The moment I heard, I knew I had to help you. So I ran,” 
She held out her foot, jingling the silver chains. “They kept me from shifting and from running, but I escaped anyway. Just for you.” 
I kept staring at her. When she looked up at me, her eyes were shimmering with unshed tears. Her chin was quivering, and she kept dragging her lower lip through her teeth as she batted her eyelashes at me. 
2/4 
Chapter 274 
+25 Bonus 
She was lying. 
“So she’s alive, then?” 
Deirdre hesitated, but nodded. “Yes. She’s with him now. They’re planning on having a child together, from what I hear.” 
My stomach dropped. A child. If that bastard touched her- 
I took a deep breath. I needed to stay calm. Avery was alive. That was the most important thing. 
Deirdre likely knew much more than she was letting on. Perhaps I could use this to my advantage. She had to know where Avery was being kept. If I could convince her to give me information, then I could rescue Avery before anything bad happened. 
But I would have to think carefully. Deirdre was no fool, and if she had come this far like this, then she likely had a few tricks up her sleeve that could seriously fuck Avery over if I wasn’t cautious. 
I decided to do the best thing I could think of at the moment. Deirdre’s one weakness that I knew of was me. If I could convince her that I was on her side, then maybe I could make her loosen up enough to tell me what I needed to know. 
So, though it made my wolf bristle, I stepped forward and wrapped my arms around her. 
“It’s okay,” I whispered, resting my chin on top of her head. “I’m here now.” 
Deirdre stiffened as if she hadn’t been expecting me to embrace her. A moment later, she relaxed, melting into me, and draped her arms over my shoulders. “I was so frightened,” she murmured into my shirt “Everything Avery said about me… It was a lie, you know. You have to know that by now. Right?” 
My jaw clenched, but I played along. “Of course.” I forced a smile and pulled back just enough to look her in the eyes. “I wasn’t looking for Avery, Deirdre.” 
“What…?” She stared at me. 
I tightened my grip on her shoulders. “I was looking for you. Because I wanted to apologize and tell you that I’m sorry for ever listening to her.” 
— 
Her lashes fluttered. “Really? You mean that?” 
“Yes. With all my heart, Deirdre. I…” My throat bobbed, and it pained me to say it, but I forced the words out anyway. “I love you, Deirdre. I want you back. I’m over Avery.” 
? 
3/4 
Chapter 274 
+25 Bonus 
Deirdre stared at me for a long time. I held her gaze, refusing to let her see my true emotions. I couldn’t let her see how being this close to her, how saying those words, made my stomach turn watery and my wolf snarl with frustration. I couldn’t let her know that I was just using her to find my true mate. 
For now, she seemed to buy it. Unless we were both playing each other like a fiddle. I hoped I could outplay her one last time. 
“Oh, Gideon!” She threw her arms around my neck and sobbed into my chest. 
I held her like a lover might, but all the while, my eyes were keenly scanning the forest around us. 
Avery was close. And alive. 
I had to find her before the Rogue King touched her. 
But how long did I have? 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 275
Chapter 275 
Avery’s POV 
The feeling of dirt caking beneath my fingernails was a familiar, welcome sensation. If I closed my eyes, I could almost picture myself back in my garden, tending to my herbs with the sun on my back and the breeze in my hair. 
Almost. 
But I wasn’t in my garden. I was trapped inside this fucking tent. Starving. Delirious. And my ring finger burned from the silver engagement band that I’d forgotten to take off. 
My skin ached as I pulled the ring off and rubbed the skin. A red welt had formed where the ring sat, but the moment I removed it, my wolf felt a little better. 
I sat back on my heels, breathing hard, and wiped the beads of sweat from my brow. 
The hole I had dug wasn’t deep enough. Not by a long shot. If I wanted to escape by tonight, then I would have to dig faster. 
But then what? My escape plan was half-formed. I knew I was to the east of Nightwolf, but nothing more about the forest surrounding me. I’d been blindfolded the entire way here. 
Not to mention the fact that I was weak and exhausted right now from lack of food. Even if I dug a hole under my tent that was deep enough to escape, where would I go without getting caught? 
Maybe this was a waste of time after all. 
Suddenly, I heard Asher’s voice outside. I quickly threw a rug over the hole and scrambled to my feet, slipping the ring back on just as he stepped into my tent. 
Asher paused in the entryway, staring at me 
“You’re covered in dirt,” he said. “Don’t tell me you’re on a bathing strike now, too.” 
“I don’t know. Do I need to be?” I marched over to my bed and plopped down. 
Asher sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “I thought about your request all night.” He looked at me with his one good eye. “After much deliberation, I’ve decided to agree to your terms. I won’t force you to abort your…” He glanced at my belly. “Abomination.” 
My heart soared. “You won’t?” 
1/2 
Chapter 275 
+25 Bonus 
“I still implore you to abort. But ultimately, the decision is yours to make.” His lips pressed into a thin line, like it was paining him just to say it. “Frankly, I think you should make the right decision. For the future of our kingdom, after all.” 
Right. Our “kingdom”. 
“It won’t do our kingdom any good if your queen feels forced into things,” I pointed out. “Don’t forget that I’m the one from the royal line here. Not you.” 
“I know.” He huffed. “That’s why I’ve decided to give you this grace.” He crossed the tent in three quick strides and came to tower over where I was sitting. I bit back the urge to shrink beneath his shadow. “But you’re still mine, Avery. You were promised to me before you were even born. In Lycan society, the males are in charge after marriage.” 
Of course they were. That was all he ever wanted, right? To control people. To control me. His fucking property. 
“But I do care for you,” he went on, voice softening somewhat, “whether you believe it or not. I want you to trust me. Not hate me. Not… This.” He walked over to the rug I’d thrown down and pulled it aside, revealing the shallow hole. 
My heart leapt into my throat, but I calmed myself. 
“Well… Thank you,” I said, although I didn’t really feel thankful at all. Just because he was letting me keep my baby for now didn’t mean that I would ever trust him. I still planned to escape. I just needed to appease him long enough to make that happen. 
Asher nodded, seemingly satisfied, and dropped the rug. 
“But you must know that once your child is born, you will only bear my heirs,” he said. “Furthermore, your child will never be named heir, nor will it receive an inheritance. It will be an 
Omega.” 
“Sounds fair.” I didn’t really care about that. I would be long gone by then, anyway. I stood. “But I do have another request,” 
D 
Comments 
仙 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 276
Chapter 276 
+25 Bonus 
“What is it this time?” 
“I’m going crazy cooped up in here,” I said, gesturing at the tent around us. “I need fresh air. Someplace where I can start a garden. I want free roam of the camp.” 
“You know I can’t do that, Avery.” Asher said the words slowly, as if he were speaking to a child. But he smiled faintly. “However, I will allow you to roam with a guard. In fact, I’ll give you a tour right now myself. Get dressed and meet me outside.” 
I stared after him as he left, jaw tight. Well, that wasn’t what I wanted. I’d hoped to use it as an opportunity to get away. But I supposed a tour wouldn’t hurt; at least it would help me get my bearings. 
I quickly put on a dress that had been brought for me, a simple linen piece that was actually quite comfortable. Once I’d combed my hair and cleaned the dirt from my face and hands, I met Asher outside. 
He looped his elbow through mine. “You look beautiful, poppet.” 
I resisted the urge to sneer. “Thanks.” 
Asher guided me around the camp. People stared, but with him by my side, none of the males bothered me. Not that I would have noticed, anyway. I was too busy making a mental map of everything I saw. Every alleyway, every guardpost, every gate. 
The 
camp was haphazard, but there was actually more of a controlled chaos to it than I’d first thought. The pathways spiderwebbed outwards in circles, with straight -ish main roads leading to three separate gates. 
Every gate was manned by at least one guard at all times. They stood on makeshift towers, allowing them to see pretty much everything. There were constant patrols in the streets, too. 
If I was going to escape, it would certainly have to be under the cover of nightfall. I wondered if I could time it between shift rotations. If I found an opportunity to remove the silver ring, and if I got my strength up beforehand, I could shift and run. 
But then what, I wondered? I didn’t know this forest. I had already gotten caught just by Asher and one guard when I’d tried to run before. 
I would have to get a head start. Maybe set up some kind of distraction, or prepare a decoy in my tent. Perhaps speed wasn’t the move here, but rather strategy. 
1/2 
4758-**** 
“This is where the slaves are kept,” Asher said, pausing in front of what honestly looked like a kennel, Rogues in chains were kneeling in cages, some moving around the area in the midst of various chores, I swallowed hard at the sight, and Asher glanced at me. 
“Don’t pity them,” he said, chuckling, “They’re only here because they misbehaved, Those who behave well will eventually be released as Omegas. I’m not that cruel,” 
“Right,” I muttered, not believing him at all Strangely, I didn’t see Deirdre amongst the slaves, “Where’s Deirdre?” I asked. 
“Gone,” Asher replied curtly, 
1 looked at him, opening my mouth to ask what he meant, but he guided me away from the kennels before I could speak. We passed by the hunters next, who were practicing their archery against dummies filled with straw. 
“That Alpha’s scent was strong yesterday,” overheard one of them saying as he nocked an arrow. “Made my eyes water.” 
“They do stink, don’t they?” another hunter replied, “Like a sneeze building up.” 
The hunter laughed and loosed his arrow. It slammed into the dummy with a resounding thwack, I was frozen to my spot. 
An Alpha’s scent. 
“Avery?” Asher tugged on my arm. “You’re not sick again, are you?” 
1 whirled on him. “An Alpha was here?” 
His shoulders sagged. “Ah. So you heard.” His expression softened. “Yes. Gideon was here last night. He came to the camp while you were sleeping.” 
My stomach dropped, Gideon was here? I didn’t sense him, but… Had he come for me? 
“He came for Deirdre,” Asher went on. “Came to pick her up last night. They’re both gone now.” 
212 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 277
Chapter 277 
Avery’s POV 
My heart shattered. 
I tried to hold onto the pieces. I tried to tell myself that Asher was lying, that Gideon hadn’t been right here, in this very camp, last night. I tried to tell myself that it wasn’t true. Gideon wouldn’t have come for Deirdre. He wouldn’t have just… left me here. 
Still, no matter how tightly I clenched my fists around those shards, a few slipped free. 
Had Gideon left me here? 
For Deirdre? 
No. I refused to believe it. Asher was lying. He was trying to get in my head. Gideon hadn’t been here. I would have sensed him, wouldn’t I? 
Wouldn’t I? 
By the next morning, I felt marginally better I’d managed to eat a little bit of food, and regained some of my strength. My resolve had hardened—I needed to get out of here. Quickly. 
I dressed as soon as I could and left my tent, where a guard was standing watch. He was a tall, muscular male with tanned skin and a long, dark beard. There was a scar cutting across the bridge of his nose that clearly hadn’t healed properly a long time 
ago. 
“I’d like to go for a walk,” I said, mustering my courage. I didn’t wait for a response before I started walking away. 
The guard grunted something in response and trailed behind me as I wandered the camp. I toured the entire place again, ensuring my mental map was perfect. Then, I started studying the smaller details: the locations of various notable landmarks, such as a tent that had blue embroidery around the door, and a pile of crates, 
“Do you like it around here?” I asked, glancing up at my guard. I hoped to try to befriend him. Maybe he could give me some information, such as when the patrol shifts rotated. 
He didn’t answer. He didn’t even look at me 
“Did you hear me?” 
1/3 
Chapter 277 
+25 Bonus 
“Yes,” he muttered. 
“You’re just not gonna answer?” 
“Nope.” 
y the bound bythen 
I pursed my lips and kept walking. Well, that was a bust. But I kind of figured that would happen. 
I was passing by the pen where the goats were kept when I noticed her. There was a girl walking through the pen, clad in the same silver chains and rags as the other slaves. She looked young, and was carrying a bucket in each hand, struggling under the weight. One was filled with water, the other with grain for the goats. 
What stood out to me wasn’t her appearance, but the fact that she looked at me and smiled. 
And then she tripped, and grain and water went flying everywhere. The goats swarmed her, clamoring to get a mouthful of grain. 
I took a step toward the gate and reached for the lock. My guard grunted at me. Where are you going?” 
“To help her,” I said. “Unless you expect me to just stand here and watch her get trampled by goats?” 
The guard didn’t look pleased as he folded his arms, but he didn’t stop me again. I opened the gate and slipped into the pen, shooing aside the goats. 
“Are you okay?” I crouched beside the girl and helped her sit up. She rubbed her temple and winced. There was a hoofprint right on the front of her shirt. 
“I… I think so,” she said. But when I tried to help her stand, she wobbled on her feet and nearly collapsed. I helped her back down. 
17 
“Maybe just sit for a minute,” I said. I studied her eyes for any signs of a concussion. “Did you hit your head?” 
“Just on the ground. The goats didn’t mean to hurt me. They’re just hungry.” 
“Understandable.” I smiled. “What’s your name?” 
She looked at me in shock. “You… Want my name?” 
“I’m going to be your queen, soon.” It felt weird saying it. “I’d like to get to know everyone in the camp.” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 278
Chapter 278 
“I see… Well, my name is Lindsey. Or… It was. All the slaves go by numbers instead. I’m sixty-four.” 
“It’s nice to meet you, Lindsey.” She seemed a little better, so I helped her stand, gripping her arms to steady her. I decided to take my chance then. 
Glancing over my shoulder, I saw that my guard was preoccupied with a goat that had escaped and was currently head-butting his shins with its horns. I leaned close to Lindsey and whispered, “Is it true that an Alpha was here last night? Alpha Gideon?” 
Lindsey froze. “I’m not sure if I’m supposed to talk to you about that.” 
“I won’t tell.” I tried not to let the fact that her response already indicated that he had, indeed, possibly been here. “I’m just curious if he really came and took Deirdre away.” 
She swallowed, searching my face. I willed my expression into a serene and welcoming smile. 
Finally, she said quietly, “It’s true. He came to camp late last night and talked to the Rogue King. Next thing I knew, Deirdre was leaving with him. He carried her right out. They kissed.” 
My heart sank. I still didn’t want to believe it, but out of the mouth of a slave who had no true loyalty to Asher changed things. Why would she lie to me about something like that? 
So Gideon had come to camp. If he’d spoken to Asher, then he must have known that I was a captive. And he had still taken Deirdre instead, leaving me behind in the process. 
My mating mark seemed to burn with the realization, but I pushed the feelings down. I knew Gideon didn’t love me. Despite everything, he would still choose Deirdre over me. He’d marked me only because he wanted an heir and a mate, not because he loved me. 
Now, my decision to run away to the human lands was set in stone. As soon as I got out of here, I would get my mother and leave and never look back. 
I decided to send her a letter. It was risky, but if I worded it carefully, it might work. 
“Mother,” the letter read, “I’m in the Rogue King’s camp. If you can find it, you should come. Remember what we talked about before? -A” 
1/2 
Chopter 278 
+25 Bonus 
It was simple, but it would be sufficient. She would understand. She would find me. And then we could leave together. 
I finished writing the letter and sealed it, then gave it to the guard. “Can you mail this for me?” I asked. 
He looked at the envelope. “The Rogue King oversees all incoming and outgoing mail. If you want to send something, you’ll have to give it to him.” 
Of course. I curled my fingers around the envelope, wondering if I should bother sending it at all. Maybe it was a stupid idea, and it would be better to burn it. 
Asher suddenly appeared from around the corner and snatched the envelope away before I could react. 
“What’s this about mail?” He asked. He tore the envelope open and unfolded the letter. My jaw tightened, but I held my ground as he read it, even though I felt like I was going to be sick. I feared his wrath. 
To my surprise, though, he didn’t get angry. He just looked up at me with a faint, almost gentle smile. 
“You miss your mother that badly?” he asked. 
“I… was hoping to see her,” I said. “To thank her for… adopting me all those years ago.” 
Asher nodded and slipped the letter into his pocket. “I’ll send for her,” he said. ” She’ll be brought here to live with you.” 
“Please don’t hurt-“. 
“Hush, poppet.” Asher wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close, pressing a kiss to the top of my head. “Your mother will be unharmed. She was the one who 
saved my arranged wife’s life, after all.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
仙 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 279
Chapter 279 
Gideon’s POV 
I needed to get information from Deirdre on Avery’s whereabouts, but she wouldn’t tell me so easily. I tried various tactics, such as claiming that I intended to get revenge on the Rogue King and Avery. Each time, she came up with a new excuse. 
She said that she didn’t know which camp they were in. Or that there were too many rogues to take on my own. Or that it had all been a blur for her, so she couldn’t recall the location. 
Bullshit. I knew she knew something. She was just being tight-lipped about it. 
I decided that the only way to get her to spill was to play sweet, so I did just that. I took her home as soon as I could, silently promising Avery that I would return the very moment I figured out her location. 
Back at the house, I took Deirdre to my room. I brought her food and clean clothes, helped her bathe, tended to her wounds. 
“It’s so good to be home,” she sighed, sinking deeper into the bath. “I wasn’t allowed to bathe the entire time I was in captivity. It was awful.” 
“I’m sure it was.” I watched her, studying her expression carefully from across the room. She seemed rather self-satisfied now like a kitten with a fresh bowl of cream. 
She cracked one eye open and smiled at me, extending her hand toward me. “Come get in the bath with me, darling. I’ve missed your touch.” 
“So have I.” I bit back the urge to at the words and pushed away from the sink 
where I’d been leaning. “But we’ve been through a lot, you and I. Maybe we should… take things slow this time around.” 
Her face fell. “Slow?” 
“Just at first,” I said. “I hurt you deeply by believing Avery’s lies. It wouldn’t feel right to jump back into things so quickly.” It pained me to say it, but I forced the suggestion out, “How about a date?” 
“A… Date.” 
“Just you and me. A chance to rekindle what we once had.” I moved toward the door. “I’ll prepare something special for us to do once you get out of your bath.” 
“A date,” Deirdre sighed dreamily, sinking into the bubbles again. “That does sound nice…” 
1/2 
Chapter 279 
+25 Bonus 
A little while later, Deirdre emerged from the bath, squeaky clean and back to her usual self. She selected an airy taffeta dress that floated behind her as she walked and met me downstairs, where I was waiting with a picnic basket in my hands. 
“A picnic!” She clapped her hands together. “I’ve always wanted to have a picnic date with you. How romantic!” 
I smiled, although it felt more like a grimace, and took her hand. She practically skipped behind me the whole way out to the gardens, drawing more than one quizzical look. I had informed the household staff of what I was doing, but no one was particularly thrilled to see it. Especially not Avery’s mother, who glared at Deirdre from behind a pillar before disappearing inside. 
We laid a blanket down on the grass, and I pulled out the food I’d prepared. All of Deirdre’s favorites-tiny cucumber sandwiches, petit fours, fresh fruit. She dug in right away, savoring each bite. 
I picked at my food, watching her carefully for an opening. She chattered away nonstop about how glad she was to be back, how horrible the rogue camp was, how happy she was that we were rekindling our “love”. 
Finally, halfway through, I made my move. 
I leaned back on my elbows and looked at her, watching as she sunned herself on the blanket. 
“Deirdre,” I said carefully, as if we were discussing the weather, “the Rogue King has to be stopped. I need you to tell me everything you know about his whereabouts.” 
Deirdre froze, eyes still shut against the sun. 
Then, suddenly, she clutched her stomach. 
“Oooh… These cramps!” she cried. “I can’t. It hurts too bad…” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 280
Chapter 280 
I watched as she scrambled to her feet and took off, presumably in the direction of a bathroom. 
How had it taken so long for me to realize just how bad of an actor she was? 
I sighed, scrubbing my hands over my face. Time was of the essence, but I would have to be more careful if I was going to get information out of her. Maybe tonight, over dinner, I could get her drunk. Maybe wine would loosen her tongue. 
“Gideon?” 
I looked up at the sound of Avery’s mother’s voice. She was limping across the lawn, leaning on her cane. There was a piece of paper in her hands. “This just came, she said, holding it up. She looked perturbed. “It was addressed to me. From… Avery.” 
I shot to my feet. “Can I see it?” She nodded and handed it to me, and I scanned the 
contents. 
“Dear Mother,” the letter read, “It’s me. Avery. I know you’ve been worried about me, but I want you to know that I’m okay. I’m living with my true mate now. He says I’m a princess, and that he’ll make me his queen. Once we’re married, I’ll have lots of little pups, and I’ll be all his. Body, mind, and soul. But I do miss you. Please come stay with me. We can live together, at peace, just like we talked about. If you want to see me, put a candle in your window at midnight the night before the Dark Moon. Make sure it’s the window facing out to the east. I won’t see it otherwise. Love, Avery.” 
My heart cracked. I stared at the letter, then at Avery’s mother. It was Avery’s handwriting. I would recognize it anywhere. 
Did she really think she was happy with the Rogue King now? 
Asher’s POV 
“Sir?” 
I looked up from the table to find a slave girl standing in the entryway to my tent with her hands clasped. She was covered in dirt and smelled like goats, but her eyes were shining with excitement. 
“Yes, Sixty-four?” 
She stepped forward. “I told her what you wanted me to say. That he came for 
1/2 
Chapter 280 
Deirdre and left her here.” She scratched her head and glanced at the jar sitting beside me. I could practically see her mouth watering from where I sat. 
+25 Bonus 
“And?” I asked. I leaned back in my chair and clasped my hands behind my head. How did she take it?” 
“She looked horribly upset and betrayed.” 
“Did she say anything about staying here?” 
” 
(( 
“No…” The slave looked at the jar again, then down at her feet. “She did look sort of … resigned, I supposed. Like she had made a decision she had been holding off on. But she didn’t say anything to me before she turned and left.” 
I paused, considering the slave’s words. The tale about Deirdre and Gideon should have driven Avery into my arms, but then she had gone and tried to send that letter to her mother. Maybe she did still have plans to escape. 
But it was no matter. The seeds had been planted; with a little water and care, they would soon grow roots. If I couldn’t convince Avery that I was the right husband for her, then I could convince her that Gideon never cared for her. 
Soon enough, she would lose faith and give up. Once she learned that it was simpler, easier, to stay by my side, then she wouldn’t try to leave anymore. She wouldn’t try to get back to him. 
And he would not try to come back for her. Not once I sank my claws into both of their minds. 
I opened the jar and pulled something out, tossing it to the slave. She caught the candy, unwrapping it immediately and popping it into her mouth with a smile. 
“Run along now,” I said, shooing her away with my hand. “I’ve got a letter to send.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 281
Chapter 281 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
Asher’s offer was unexpected, to say the least. And it definitely had strings attached. There was no way he was going to offer to fetch my mother without something he wanted in exchange. 
“What do you want in return?” I asked, pulling away. My skin itched where he’d touched me just now, and already, I wanted to change my clothes. I wished I could even peel my scalp off where he’d kissed it. 
“Nothing,” he said simply, shrugging. “It would be an honor to host your mother here.’ 
I narrowed my eyes. “You didn’t feel that way about her before.” 
“Well, I know more now than I did then. I thought she was just a lowly Omega who stole you on purpose in the hopes of claiming your birthright. Now, I know that she was selfless, and that she cared for you as much as she could before everything went wrong.” 
“So what will you do once she gets here?” I blurted out. “You’re not saying you want to treat her like royalty, are you? She’s a Werewolf, and you’ve made it pretty clear that only Lycans are deserving of respect. I don’t want her coming here if she’ll be abused.” 
Asher chuckled and waggled his finger in my face. “Now, now. That’s not what I meant. When I said that Lycans and Werewolves shouldn’t interbreed, I meant just that. Not that all Werewolves must die.” 
He gestured around us. “The vast majority of the rogues in this 
camp are Werewolves. Everyone has their place in society. Even Werewolves. Besides, someone like your adoptive mother-she deserves respect. I wouldn’t have if it weren’t for her.” 
2 
you now 
“Do you intend to make her your prisoner?” I asked. I wanted to add, “Like me?” but I kept my mouth shut. I needed him to think that I was being compliant. No more slip -ups. For my baby’s sake, I had to appear well-behaved until I could make my escape. 
“Of course not.” Asher took me by the elbow and guided me back into my tent, where my writing implements were still strewn across my table. He sat me down in the chair and picked up my pen. “She’ll be a guest here. I’ll ensure she’s treated very well.” 
I looked up at him warily as he dipped the pen into the ink and then placed it in my 
1/4 
Chapter 281 
+25 Bonus 
hand. “What’s this for?” I asked. 
“You have to write a letter,” he said. He ripped up the one I’d written before and tucked it into his pocket. “A better one.’ 
“What’s wrong with the one I already wrote 
“Your mother won’t come alone if she thinks you’re in serious danger,” Asher replied. “You’ll want to assure her that you’re happy and being treated well. The letter should be welcoming, not frightening” 
Before I could answer, he leaned over my shoulder, curling his fingers around mine. He positioned my hand over the paper. 
“Tell her you’re with your true mate,” he whispered. His breath fanned my ear, sending a few baby hairs flying into my face and a chill scuttling up my spine. “Tell her to come see you. Tell her about our future. Tell her you miss her, but make it clear that you don’t want to leave.” 
I swallowed hard. This wasn’t what I expected or hoped for. But I had to think straight. Maybe this was my chance. My real chance to tell my mother that I needed help. To tell her where I was. 
Asher would watch me like a hawk while I was writing it, but I might be able to slip a secret message in. I wracked my brain for ideas, then one suddenly struck me. 
“Dear Mother,” I wrote. “It’s me. Avery. I know you’ve been worried about me, but I want you to know that I’m okay.” 
I dipped my pen into the ink and glanced up at Asher. He smiled encouragingly. 
“I’m living with my true mate now. He says I’m a princess, and that he’ll make me his queen. Once we’re married, I’ll have lots of little pups, and I’ll be all his.” I hesitated, pen hovering over the paper, then added, “Body, mind, and soul.” 
She had to know that something was wrong once she read that. I would never say I ” belonged” to any man, especially not the Rogue King, My mother knew me better than anyone. She would know that it wasn’t really me writing that the moment she saw it. 
“But I do miss you,” I went on. “Please come stay with me. We can live together, at peace, just like we talked about.” I hoped she would understand that I meant the human lands. “If you want to see me, put a candle in your window at midnight the night before the Dark Moon. Make sure it’s the window facing out to the east. I won’t see it otherwise. Love, Avery.” 
2/4 
Chopter 281 
+25 Bonus 
When I finished writing, I leaned back, carefully setting aside the pen. As the ink dried, I bit the inside of my cheek. 
A candle in her east-facing window at midnight. 
Her room didn’t have an east-facing window. She would read that and know what I truly meant: that I had been taken east. Into the forest. 
She had to know. 
She had to. 
Satisfied, Asher took my letter, waving the paper to dry the ink, then folded it and slipped it into an envelope. “Much better. I’ll send it first thing in the morning.” He leaned down toward me. “Good night, poppet.” 
Then, he pressed a kiss to my lips. The moment his mouth brushed mine, I recoiled. 
“Don’t touch me!” I spat, shoving at his chest. I felt sick. 
Asher froze. His good eye narrowed, and I knew I had said the wrong thing. “Why shouldn’t I kiss my future queen?” he hissed, grabbing my arm. 
I forced a demure smile, even though it terrified me. “I just… I want you to keep up your end of the bargain. Nothing romantic until our wedding night.” 
Asher looked at me for a long time. I feared he would see right through me, just as he had so many times before. But finally, he released me and stepped back. 
“Very well. I’ll be counting down the days, then.” 
With that, he left. 
The moment he was gone, I called for a bath Two slaves brought water. A plume of steam billowed upward as they dumped the buckets into the tub. 
“Thank you,” I said. I quickly undressed and sank into it. 
One of the slaves gasped. “It’s hot!” she protested. “You’ll burn yourself!” 
“I know. That’s the point.” I waved them away. They hesitated for a moment, looking at each other in confusion, before slipping out. Then, I picked up the rough loofah sitting on the side table and began to scrub. 
I scrubbed until it hurt. Until my skin turned pink and raw and bleeding in some spots. I scrubbed my arms, my face, my waist, my scalp. Everywhere he had touched. 
But I never got the feeling of him off of me, no matter how hard I tried. It was as if 
3/4 
Chapter 281 
each touch were a brand burned into my flesh. 
I just hoped my mother would understand my message. 
I hoped she would be able to help me before the Dark Moon. 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 282
Chapter 282 
Gideon’s POV 
The words on the page blurred together as I read them a second time, then a third. Each pass made my chest tighter, like someone was wrapping chains around my ribs and pulling as hard as they could. 
“I’m living with my true mate now. He says I’m a princess, and that he’ll make me his queen. Once we’re married, I’ll have lots of little pups, and I’ll be all his. Body, mind, and soul.” 
Body, mind, and soul. 
The letter slipped from my fingers and fluttered to the ground. I didn’t bother to pick it up. 
Avery was my mate. And now she was with the Rogue King. 
Was it true? Had she been working with him all along? Had his poison taken over her mind, convincing her that she could have a better life with him than with me? 
Or was this all a facade? 
I was leaning toward the latter. But the thing was, there was still a small part of me that wondered if she really had chosen him over me. Maybe he’d promised her something. Maybe he’d given her more already than I had. 
Meanwhile, I hadn’t even been able to tell her that I loved her. And I was pushing her away because of it. 
“Gideon?” 
I looked up. Avery’s mother was still standing in front of me, twisting one hand on her cane, Clearing my throat, I composed myself and stooped, picking up the letter. 
“She wouldn’t write this,” she said firmly. “Not willingly.” 
“How do you know?” I wanted to believe her. It was a lot better than the alternative. 
 
Avery’s mother limped over to me, then pointed at one of the lines on the page. This part here. About the window, She says to put a candle in the east-facing window. at midnight the night before the Dark Moon’ Avery’s mother looked up at me, “My room doesn’t have an east-facing window, I faces west. 
My heart stuttered in my chest. “Are you 
sure?” 
“Positive. I’ve lived in that room for weeks now. I know which direction my window 
1/2 
Chapter 282 
+25 Bonus 
faces. I get a perfect view of the setting sun, not rising.” She took a step back and met my gaze steadily. “She’s trying to tell me something. Maybe she’s in the east. In the forest.” 
I stared at the letter. East. The eastern forest. That was where I had been. Where I had found Deirdre. 
Deirdre had said that Avery wasn’t at the rogue encampment where she’d been held. Of course, I hadn’t believed her from the beginning. And now I had even less of a 
reason to. 
But it still didn’t change anything. That forest was massive and crawling with rogues. Finding Avery there would be like finding a needle in a haystack, and time was already against us. 
“Furthermore,” Avery’s mother went on, “she says she’ll be ‘all his. Body, mind, and soul.’ Avery would never say that. She’s too independent. Too stubborn. She wouldn’t surrender herself like that, especially not to a man she barely knows.” 
My wolf stirred at that, and for a moment, my jealousy ebbed away. She was right. Avery had fought me tooth and nail when we first got engaged. She was willful and refused to submit. It was one of the things I liked most about her, and the idea of her willingly giving herself over to someone else, especially the Rogue King, was absurd now that I thought of it. 
Dammit. How could I have been so easily blinded by jealousy? Of course Avery wouldn’t betray me. 
She loved me. 
“So she was forced to write this,” I said. I looked at Avery’s mother. “He made her write it.” 
“I think so, too.” Her eyes were wet again. “Please. You have to find her.” 
HWT 
“I will.” My mind was already racing. I still needed more information if I was going to find Avery, though. And Deirdre was probably my only key. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 283
Chapter 283 
As if on cue, a familiar voice called out softly “Gideon?” 
I quickly shoved the letter into my pocket, crumpling it, before Deirdre could see it. When I turned, I found her standing beneath a nearby tree, her hand pressed to the bark. She was swaying slightly, and her free hand was clutching her stomach. 
“What is it?” I asked. I wanted to demand information, but I forced myself to remain calm. If there was one thing I knew about Deirdre, it was that she knew what she was doing. She wouldn’t give up information willingly. I’d have to play her games if I wanted to find out where Avery was. 1 
“I… I don’t feel well.” She swayed on her feet, and I instinctively stepped forward to catch her. She leaned into me and sagged against my chest. “It’s the Rogue King. What he did to me. I think… I think it caused some kind of internal damage.” 
I stared down at her. She looked up at me with wide, watery eyes. Tears were streaming down her cheeks, and her lower lip was trembling. 
She was lying. I could tell. Just like she’d been lying through her teeth since I found her in the forest. 
Or rather, since she found me. 
My jaw clenched, but once again, I forced myself to play along. If she thought I believed her, maybe she would slip up and reveal something useful. 
“We need to get you to a doctor,” I said. I wrapped my arm around her waist and guided her toward the door. “Now.” 
“No, I-” Deirdre tried to pull away. “I don’t need a doctor. I just need to rest.” 
“You just said you think there’s internal damage.” I tightened my grip on her waist, refusing to let her go. “That’s serious, Deirdre. We can’t ignore it.” 
“But-” 
“No arguments.” I swept her clean off her feet and carried her princess-style, We’re going. Now,” 
(( 
Her face paled. She clutched at my shirt, biting her lip. I could practically hear the gears turning in her head. She wasn’t sick, and she knew it. She just wanted attention. Or something else. I couldn’t quite tell. But she couldn’t get out of it now. 
And once I caught her in her lie, I would get the upper hand. Then, I would get her to accidentally spill what she knew about Avery’s location. 
1/2 
Chapter 283. 
+25 Bonus 
I carried her outside and toward the car, ignoring the strange looks from the others. As I set her down, I mindlinked Tegan. 
“Start patrolling the eastern forest,” I commanded. 
“Sir?” 
“Avery might be out there. I won’t rest until she’s found.” 
There was a brief pause before my Beta replied. “Of course, Sir. I just sent our best and fastest scouts that way. What about Deirdre?” 
My jaw tightened. I set Deirdre down next to the car, ignoring her whimpering, and fished into my pocket for my keys. “For now, I’m stuck playing her games.” 
“The clock is ticking, Sir. Avery could already be-” 
“Don’t say it.” I unlocked the car, then opened the passenger side door and helped Deirdre inside. She continued to protest weakly, claiming she was feeling better, but I just forced a smile and closed the door on her. “Just report to me if you hear anything. Anything at all. Until then, no speculation.” 
“Yes, Sir.” 
With that, I severed the mindlink. I looked at Deirdre through the windshield for a moment. Saw her eyes staring up at me, wide and full of worry. She thought she was playing me like a fiddle, but she didn’t know that I had been watching her play for some time now, and I knew she was a fraud. 
Soon, I would get that information I needed. I would find Avery. 
And Deirdre and the Rogue King wouldn’t get away with this any longer. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 284
Chapter 284 
425 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
The days blurred together. 
M 
One day. Two days. Three days. Each morning, I woke up hoping for news, or maybe even expecting a rescue attempt. Each evening, I went to bed with nothing. 
My mother had to have received my letter by now. She had to be planning something. But the waiting was eating me alive from the inside out. 
I needed a garden. 
The next time Asher came to visit, I was ready. 
“I want to start a garden,” I blurted out before he could say anything. I stood from where I’d been sitting on my bed, wringing my hands. “Can I have that much?” 
Asher blinked. “Why a garden?” 
I shrugged. Telling him that I loved gardening felt too personal, like giving him the one part of myself that I was still holding onto. So I settled for simply saying, “I’m going crazy in here. I need something to do with my hands. Something productive.” 
Asher studied me for a long moment. I held my breath, waiting for him to deny me. But to my surprise, he nodded. “Very well. I’ll have a plot prepared for you.” 
“Really?” 
“Yes.” He stepped closer and tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. I forced myself not to flinch or gag. “I want you to be happy here, Avery. If a garden will help with that, then so be it.” 
With that, he smiled and pressed a kiss to my forehead before leaving. I stood there for a moment, staring at the spot where he’d been, then wiped my forehead with the back of my hand. 
The plot of land Asher wound up giving me was small; but it was something. It was located near the edge of the camp, just beyond the main tents, with a clear view of the forest. I wondered if he had chosen this spot on purpose. A reminder of what lay beyond. Freedom. So close, yet so far. 
I dropped to my knees in the dirt and dug my fingers in. The soil was rocky and hard- packed, clearly untended for years. But it would work. 
“You wanted help?” 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
I looked up to find Lindse standing a few feet away, clutching a spade and a bucket of 
water. 
“Yes.” I gestured to the plot. “I need to till the soil first. Break it up so we can plant.” 
She nodded and knelt beside me without another word. We worked in silence for a while, the only sounds the scrape of our tools against the dirt and the distant chatter of the camp. My muscles ached from the effort, but it felt good to move instead of pacing my tent all day. Even if my guard was still only a few feet away, watching me like a hawk. 
“What are you going to plant?” Lindsey asked after a while. 
“Herbs, mostly. Maybe some vegetables if we can find seeds.” I wiped the sweat from my brow with my sleeve. “Do you know where I can get some good seeds?” 
“There’s a storage tent near the center of camp. They keep supplies there. I can fetch some for you, if you want. 
“Would you?” I smiled at her. “That would be amazing.” 
She nodded. “It’s no trouble.” 
We kept working. The sun climbed higher in the sky, beating down on us until my skin felt like it was starting to burn. I had been at it for a while, so I decided to call it a day. I stood, dusting my knees off, then noticed something on the ground next to Lindsey. 
It was small and wrapped in shiny foil-a candy. My brows lifted. I recognized that brand, and it was expensive, imported from overseas. It was surprising enough to find one in a rogue camp. 
I reached down and picked it up. “Huh,” I said, turning it over in my hand. “These are expensive. Is it yours?” 
Lindsey froze when she saw the candy. Her eyes went wide, and she snatched it from my hand so fast I barely had time to blink. 
“I found it,” she said quickly, shoving it back into her pocket. “On the ground. Someone must have dropped it.” 
I stared at her. Her face had gone pale, and she wouldn’t meet my eyes. She looked guilty. Like she’d been caught red handed. 
That evening, Asher called me to his tent. When I arrived, he was sitting on his 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
throne. 
“You have a letter,” he said, holding up an envelope. 
My heart leapt into my throat. “From my mother?” 
“No.” He held it out to me. “It’s from Alpha Gideon.” 
The air left my lungs. I stared at the envelope in his hand, my fingers trembling as I reached for it. Asher handed it over without a word and stood back, watching me. 
I tore it open and pulled out the letter inside. The handwriting was definitely Gideon’s. 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 285
Chapter 285 
“Thank you for taking care of me,” she whispered. 
“Of course.” I opened the car door for her and helped her inside. Then, I walked around to the driver’s side and got in. 
+25 Bonus 
The next day, I arranged another date. This time, I picked a restaurant in town. Somewhere quiet and intimate, with dim lighting and an expensive wine menu. 
Deirdre lit up when I told her where we were going. She spent hours getting ready, primping and preening in front of the mirror. By the time she came downstairs, she was wearing a red dress that clung to her curves and heels so high I was surprised she could even walk in them. 
“You look beautiful,” I said. That was a lie. 
She beamed and grabbed my arm, her nails digging into my bicep. “Thank you.” 
I drove us to the restaurant and requested a table in the back corner. I wanted a private spot, somewhere that wouldn’t cause too much of a commotion once I struck. The waiter brought us our menus and a bottle of top shelf wine, which I had pre-ordered. 
“This is wonderful,” Deirdre said. She reached across the table and placed her hand on mine. “I’ve missed this. Missed us.” 
I smiled and poured her a glass of wine. Them, I poured one for myself. I gave myself slightly less. 
We ordered our food and made small talk while we waited. Deirdre drank her wine quickly, and I refilled her glass before she was completely finished. Then, I refilled it again. And again. Always ensuring she had an endless supply of wine. Meanwhile, I barely sipped mine. She didn’t seem to notice, too focused on her own greed to pay attention to what I was doing. 
Good. That was my intention, 
By the time our entrees arrived, her cheeks were flushed and her words were starting to slur. 
“You know,” she said, leaning forward, “I really did miss you. When I was at that awful camp.” 
“Tell me about it,” I said. I cut into my steak, feigning innocent interest. She couldn’t know that this was going to turn into an interrogation. “The camp. What 
2/3 
Comments 
Chapter 285 
“Avery,” it read, “I intercepted the letter you sent to your mother. I’m not sure what you were thinking, trying to contact her, but you need to stop. She’s not going to help you. No one is. I took her as my slave after I found out what you did. She’s mine now, just like Deirdre. Speaking of which, Deirdre and I are getting married. She’s the one I should have chosen from the start. You were a mistake. A duty. I only agreed to marry you because you were my fated mate, not because I loved you. I never loved you. So stop reaching out. You belong to the Rogue King now. Accept it. -Gideon” 
The letter slipped from my hands and fluttered to the ground. 
My chest felt hollow all of a sudden, like someone had reached inside and ripped my heart clean out. My wolf howled in anguish, but I couldn’t hear her over the roaring of blood in my ears. 
He never loved me. 
He took my mother as a slave. 
He was marrying Deirdre. 
I sank onto my knees, staring at the letter on the floor. My vision blurred with tears. I tried to blink them away, but one fell anyway, rolling down my cheek and plopping onto the carpet. 
“Avery.” Asher’s voice was surprisingly soft He stood, walking over, then knelt in front of me and placed a hand on my shoulder. “I’m sorry.” 
I wanted to shove him away as he reached for me, but I didn’t. I just sat there, numb, as he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me against his chest. 
“You deserve better than him,” he murmured into my hair. “I’ll give you everything he never could. You’ll see.” 
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t. Mostly because now I knew I really had no allies, and if I wanted to get out of here, I had to be even smarter. If I said the vile things that came to mind as Asher held me, it might ruin everything. So I kept my mouth shut. 
Asher helped me to my feet, then gently guided me over to his throne. He sat me down. The wolf pelt was surprisingly plush, and I ran my fingers through the fur as he crossed over to his desk. I heard the clinking of glass, and when he returned, he was holding something small. 
“Here,” he said softly. Plastic crinkled as he unwrapped it. “A little sugar can smooth over some of the most painful heartbreaks.” 
1/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 286
Chapter 286 
+25 Bonus 
He opened his palm, and I suppressed a gasp. It was a candy. The same kind that had fallen from Lindsey’s pocket. The candy that she’d acted incredibly strange and secretive over. 
“Where did you get that?” I blurted out. 
“The candies?” He glanced over at his desk, where there was a jar full of them sitting on the shelf, then shrugged. “They’re for me. I have a sweet tooth.” 
I stared at the candy. That was an awful lot of candies for someone who claimed to have a sweet tooth. The jar was practically full. I wondered if he actually used them as some kind of reward. Maybe bribery. Just like he was doing with me. 
I took the candy, just to please him, but already my mind was coming up with a potential test. 
The next morning, I returned to the garden. Lindsey was already there, kneeling in the dirt and pulling up weeds. She looked up when I approached and smiled. 
“Good morning.” 
“Morning.” I knelt beside her and picked up a spade. We worked in silence for a few minutes before I decided to test my theory. 
I glanced around to make sure no one else was nearby, then leaned closer to her. 
“Can I tell you something?” I asked quietly. 
“Of course.” 
I bit my lip, then said, “I’m not really pregnant.” 
Lindsey’s eyes widened. “What?” 
“I lied to Asher about being pregnant.” I kept my voice low, watching her face carefully. “I just wanted to see if he would let me keep the baby. But there is no baby. I made it up.” 
Lindsey stared at me for a long moment. Then, she swallowed hard and looked down at the dirt. “Oh. I… I see.” 
“You won’t tell anyone, will you?” I asked, tilting my head. 
“No. Of course not.” She shook her head quickly. Too quickly. “Your secret is safe with me.” 
“Thank you.” I smiled and turned back to the garden. 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
A few minutes later, Lindsey stood and brushed the dirt from her skirt. “I need to go get more water,” she said. “I’ll be right back” 
“Take your time.” 
She hurried away, her chains clinking with every step. I watched her go, and wondered if she would come back with another treat in her pocket. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Support 
 
Share 
get it 
3/3 
Chapter 286 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 286 
Gideon’s POV 
I sat in the waiting room while Deirdre was being examined, tapping my foot against the linoleum floor. My wolf was pacing inside my skull, restless and angry. Every second I spent here was a second wasted. 
Avery was still out there, alone, potentially trapped with the Rogue King and desperate for help. 
But instead of going to her, I was sitting in the doctor’s office, playing into Deirdre’s games. All because I needed to catch her in her lie. 
But at least, once she was exposed, I could move forward without her slowing me down. 
The exam room door opened, and the doctor stepped out. He glanced at me, then gestured for me to follow him inside. 
Deirdre was sitting on the examination table with her legs dangling over the edge. She looked nervous at first, but smiled faintly when she saw me. 
“Well?” I asked. 
11 
The doctor picked up his clipboard and studied it for a moment. “Miss Deirdre is perfectly healthy. No internal damage. No signs of trauma or abuse. She’s in excellent condition, actually.” 
I looked at Deirdre. Her face had gone pale. 
“That’s… That’s not possible,” she stammered. “I was in so much pain earlier. I felt like something was wrong.” 
“Sometimes stress can manifest as physical symptoms,” the doctor said. He set aside his clipboard and smiled. “But there’s nothing medically wrong with you. You’re as healthy as a wolf!” 
Deirdre’s mouth opened and closed a few times. Then, she looked at me and forced a smile. “It must be because I’m by your side low, Gideon. Your love healed me. 
My love healed her. Right… 
I wanted to laugh. Instead, I nodded. “I’m glad you’re feeling better.” 
}} 
The doctor gave us a strange look but said nothing. I thanked him and helped Deirdre off the table. She leaned into me as we walked out, clutching my arm. 
A 
Chapter 286 
+25 Bonus 
was it like?” 
Deirdre frowned. “It was horrible. Dirty. Smelly. The Rogue King was a monster.” 
“Where was it located?” 
She blinked. “What? Why does it matter?” 
Damn. Careful, Gideon. 
I popped a piece of my meat into my mouth and groaned. “Oh, this is good.” I cut her a large piece and speared it on my fork, holding it out to her. “Here. Try it.” 
Deirdre’s face lit up. She took a bite, grinning, then washed it down with more wine. I refilled her glass one last time, polishing off the bottle, and gestured for the waiter to bring another. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 287
Chapter 287 
“I’m just curious about the landscape,” I said with a shrug. “It had to have been quite a hike, getting you there. I’m assuming they had you in those awful chains the whole time.” 
Deirdre flushed faintly. “I… I don’t know. I was blindfolded most of the time. And they carried me.” The waiter returned and uncorked our bottle. I thanked him and took it, filling her cup to the brim. Added a little more to my cup just to make it appear like I was drinking more. 
She licked her lips greedily and took a long gulp. “Wow, this wine is good.” 
“Only the best for you, my love.” 
She blushed deeper, then pushed a strand of hair out of her face. “I do remember crossing a creek.” 
Dead Man’s Gully. So the camp was indeed beyond that. But I already knew that. 
“And the camp itself?” I pressed. “Was it big? Small?” 
“Big.” Deirdre waved her hand. “Huge, actually. Hundreds of rogues. They had tents everywhere. And guards. So many guards.” 
I nodded, filing the information away. “Interesting. I didn’t expect rogues to have such detailed patrols.” 
“Oh, they’re quite organized. Asher makes sure of that.” 
“Asher?” 
“The Rogue King.” She didn’t seem to notice her blunder. “He picks only the strongest and smartest rogues to be his warriors. I used to watch them run in the forest every morning. When they would run drills down in Matthew’s Gulch right by the border of the camp, it made me tired just watching them.” 
Matthew’s Gulch, 
I froze. I knew that gulch. I’d been so close to it when I’d been searching for Avery, but I never passed through it. Deirdre had found me before I could. 
“So the camp… It’s beyond Matthew’s Gulch?” 
Deirdre giggled and reached for her wine glass again. It seemed my luck had run out. The wine could only do so much. 
“You’re not going after her, are you?” she asked. Her words were slurred now, her 
1/3 
Chapter 287 
eyes glassy. “Because she’s not worth it, Gideon. She’s a traitor. A whore. You deserve better.” 
“I know.” I leaned back in my 
chair. “You’re right.” 
+25 Bonus 
Deirdre smiled. “Good. I’m glad you finally see it.” 
She drained her glass and set it down with a thunk. Then, she slumped forward, her head resting on her arms. 
“I think I need to go home,” she mumbled. 
“I think you do, too.” 
I paid the bill and helped her out to the car. She could barely walk, so I had to half- carry her. Once she was in the passenger seat, I shut the door and pulled out my phone. 
I sent a quick text to Tegan. “Prepare a holding cell. I’m bringing Deirdre in.” 
His response came a moment later. “Understood.” 
I got in the car and started the engine. Deirdre was already half asleep. 
When we got back to the estate, Tegan was waiting outside with two guards. I got out of the car and opened Deirdre’s door. She woke up as I pulled her out, blinking groggily. 
“Gideon? What’s happening?” 
“Thank you for telling me what I needed to know,” I said. 
Her eyes widened. “What?” 
“You told me where the rogue camp is. Beyond Matthew’s Gulch. And to think I’d been so close, and I hadn’t thought to cross it. I guess I assumed it was too full of water at this time of year to be a viable option, but I was wrong.” 
Deirdre’s face went white. She tried to pull away, but I held her firm. “No, I—I didn’t 
)) 
“You did.” I handed her off to the guards. “Take her to the holding cell. Keep her there until I return.” 
“You bastard!” Deirdre shrieked. She thrashed against the guards, but they held her tight. “You tricked me! You lied to me!” 
“Funny. That’s exactly what you did to me.” I turned away from her and walked 
2/3 
Chapter 287 
+25 Bonus 
toward Tegan. Behind me, Deirdre was still screaming, but I didn’t look at her again. Her shouts faded into the distance. 
Tegan fell into step beside me. “So it’s true? You know where Avery is?” 
“Yes.” I stopped and looked at him. “I need you to arrange thirty of our best warriors. We’re leaving at dawn.” 
Tegan nodded. “I’ll have them ready.” 
“Good.” I looked out at the forest beyond the estate. Somewhere out there, Avery was waiting. 
Hopefully, she wouldn’t have to wait much longer. 
D 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 288
Chapter 288 
Avery’s POV 
I woke to the sound of voices outside my tent. 
My eyes snapped open. The sun was barely up, casting a pale glow through the canvas. I sat up slowly, pulling the furs around my shoulders just as the tent flap opened. 
Asher walked in first, followed by the old doctor with her bones and beads. My stomach dropped. 
“Good morning, poppet,” Asher said. He smiled, but there was something even colder and nastier about it than normal. “The doctor is here to perform a routine checkup on you and the baby.” 
“A checkup? Why?” 
“Just to make sure everything is progressing as it should.” The doctor shuffled forward. “Lay back down, girl.” 
I obeyed, lowering myself onto the mattress. My heart pounded as the doctor pulled the furs away and lifted my shirt, exposing my stomach. She pressed her hands against my abdomen, prodding and poking in various spots. 
Asher stood at the foot of my bed, watching. His arms were crossed, and his expression was unreadable. 
They knew. Or at least, they thought they knew. 
So Lindsey had told him what I’d said after all. She’d gone straight to Asher and reported my lie about not being pregnant, probably in exchange for another one of those candies. My theory was correct. 
The doctor pulled out her pouch of herbs again and waved it under my nose. The smell hit me immediately, and I gagged, turning my head away. 
“Please,” I gasped, covering my mouth, “that’s awful;” 
“Hm.” The doctor pulled the pouch away and turned to Asher. “She’s still pregnant. No doubt about it.” 
Asher’s brow furrowed. “You’re certain?” 
“Positive.” The doctor tucked the pouch back into her robes. “The nausea response is still strong. If she weren’t pregnant, she wouldn’t react like that.” 
Chapter 288 
+25 Bonus 
Asher stared at me for a long moment. I stared back, keeping my expression neutral. Finally, he nodded. “Very well. Thank you, doctor.” 
The old woman left without another word. Asher lingered for a moment longer, studying me like he could see right through my skin and into the meat and bone beneath. Then, he turned and walked out. 
I waited until I heard his footsteps fade before letting out a breath. My hands were shaking. 
I went back to the garden later that morning Lindsey was already there, as usual. Asher must have assigned her to work in the garden, just to ensure she could spy on me. Well, nothing I planned on telling her would be true from here on out. Anything that came out of my mouth would be purely designed to confuse them both. 
“Good morning,” she said. “I got the seeds you wanted.” 
“Thank you.” I moved to grab the watering can. I stepped forward, pretending not to see her, and bumped into her shoulder. 
Lindsey yelped and toppled sideways, her chains making it impossible to catch herself properly. Something tumbled out of her pocket, landing in the dirt with a soft plop. 
Two candies. Wrapped in shiny foil. 
I stared at them. Lindsey scrambled to her feet and snatched them up, shoving them back into her pocket. Her face had gone red. 
“Sorry,” I said. “I didn’t see you there.” 
“It’s fine.” She dusted herself off and wouldn’t meet my eyes. 
I turned back to the garden, but inside, my blood was boiling. Two candies. That meant she’d been rewarded twice. Once for telling Asher I wasn’t pregnant, and once for something else. I wasn’t sure what, but I knew one thing for certain now, 
Asher was bribing the slaves by giving them incentives to spy on me and report everything I said and did. I couldn’t trust Lindsey, I couldn’t trust anyone, 
That afternoon, I asked my guard to take me to Asher’s tent. He grunted in response and led the way. When I arrived, Asher was sitting at his table, poring over a map. 
“Avery.” He looked up and smiled. “What can I do for you?” 
I wrung my hands and stepped forward. “I was wondering if I could ask you for something.” 
 ? ? ? ? 
2/3 
Chapter 268 
“Of course. What is it?” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 289
Chapter 289 
“I need to gather some herbs from the forest.” I gestured vaguely in the direction of the trees beyond the camp. “For my pregnancy. There are certain plants that can help with nausea and fatigue. I know where to find them.” 
Asher leaned back in his chair, studying me. “You want to leave the camp?” 
“Just for a little while. And only with an escort.” I forced a sweet smile. “I promise I won’t run. I just… I need the herbs. They’ll help me feel better. And I could use the exercise.” 
He was silent for a long moment. I held my breath, waiting. Finally, he nodded. “ Very well. But you must wear your ring, and you must stay within sight of your guard at all times. If you try to run, there will be consequences.” 
“I understand.” I stepped forward and, before I could second-guess myself, leaned down and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you.” 
Asher’s good eye widened. He reached up and touched the spot where my lips had been, and a slow smile spread across his face. “You’re welcome, poppet.” 
An hour later, I was standing at the edge of the forest with my guard and a woven basket in my hands. The trees loomed overhead, their branches swaying in the breeze. I took a deep breath, savoring the scent of pine and earth. Freedom. The sensation bolstered me. I would get out of here soon. I was sure of it. 
“Stay close,” the guard grunted. 
“I will.” I stepped forward, scanning the underbrush for the plants I needed. 
I found the first one almost immediately. Valerian root. It was growing in clusters near the base of a rotting log. I knelt and carefully dug up a few of the roots, shaking the dirt off before placing them in my basket. 
The guard watched me but said nothing. I doubted he recognized any of the herbs. 
Next, I found chamomile. That one was easy. It grew everywhere out here, 
Then came the most important ingredient: passionflower, It took me a while to find it, but eventually, I spotted the distinctive purple blooms climbing up the trunk of a tree. I picked several of the flowers and tucked them carefully into my basket. 
With these three ingredients, I could make a sleeping serum. Something strong enough to knock someone out for a few hours. I didn’t know how I would use it yet, but I knew I would figure it out. Maybe I could slip it into a guard’s drink. Or into 
1/2 
Chapter 280 
+25 Bonus 
Asher’s food. Anything to give me a window of opportunity to escape. Because no one was coming for me. I had come to terms with that by now. 
I was just reaching for another passionflower when a loud, piercing alarm blared from the camp. The sound echoed through the trees and sent the birds scattering into the sky. My guard whirled around, his hand going to the knife at his belt. 
“What’s happening?” I asked. 
He didn’t answer. He just grabbed my arm and yanked me away from the tree. ” We’re going back. Now.” 
“Wait, I’m not done-” 
“I said now!” He dragged me through the forest, nails digging into the skin of my forearm. I clutched my basket to my chest and stumbled after him, struggling to keep up with his long strides. 
The alarm was still blaring when we reached the camp. Rogues were running everywhere now. Somewhere in the center of the camp, I thought I saw smoke. But I couldn’t see exactly what was going on. 
“What’s going on?” I asked again. 
The guard shoved me toward my tent. “Inside. Now.” 
“But-” 
“Inside!” He pushed me through the flap with enough force to make me stumble. I caught myself on my table, hands biting against the wood, and whirled around. He had shut me inside, and I could see a wolf’s shadow standing directly next to the door. 
For some reason, he wasn’t just keeping watch, but he had full-on shifted. And he wasn’t moving. I was trapped in here. 
What was happening out there? 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 290
Chapter 290 
Gideon’s POV 
We left just as the first rays of sunlight began to crack over the horizon. 
I had barely slept, but I didn’t feel tired at all. In wolf form, my body was stronger, faster. Senses focused on one thing: finding Avery. Sleep could wait. 
The journey to Matthew’s Gulch was long and arduous. We crossed Dead Man’s Gully early that morning, but it was still over ten miles to reach Matthew’s Gulch. With no roads leading through the area, we had no choice but to move on foot, shifted, racing across miles of untamed forest. 
The closer we came to the gulch, the more rugged the forest grew. Rogue territory was always wild, but it was clear that the Rogue King-or Asher, as Deirdre called him-had chosen his location strategically. 
He wanted to ensure that no sane wolves would dare venture close. He made sure that his camp was placed at the epicenter of multiple difficult-to-traverse landmarks. Mostly water runoffs caused by the glacial mountain that constantly loomed overhead, its peak occasionally visible through the dense canopy of trees. 
Multiple creeks, streams, and waterfalls stood between us and our destination. We passed through mountain trails, leapt over ravines that were just barely narrow enough to reach the other side without having to venture down. 
It surprised me that Avery was taken this way. How had she made the journey? She had to have been frightened and forced into it, unless she was knocked unconscious. Was she drugged? Blindfolded? Or was something else pushing her to comply with her captors’ demands? 
Either way, the thought of her being threatened in any way made my wolf furious. I had to find her. And I would make those bastards pay.. 
Finally, around midday, we reached Matthew’s Gulch. It was a deep ravine carved into the earth, the bottom filled with jagged rocks and fallen trees, We skirted around the edge, keeping low, until we reached the other side, 
Our men had to stop to rest by that point. We’d been moving nonstop for hours, often at breakneck speeds. We took a break on the other side of the gulch, stopping just long enough to relieve ourselves, rest, and eat something. 
I took a piece of jerky from my pack and bit into it, chewing slowly as I paced the perimeter of our temporary camp. The forest was quiet. 
1/3 
Chapter 290 
Too quiet. 
+25 Bonus 
I paused, sniffing the air. I smelled no predators. Maybe the critters were just hiding because of the group of thirty wolves racing through the underbrush. 
Or maybe… 
I stepped forward, borrowing my wolf’s power. My senses sharpened. 
That was when I caught the first whiff of smoke. 
She 
My wolf’s ears pricked forward. I slowed, lifting my nose to the wind. There. Campfire smoke. Cooking meat. Body odor. 
The rogue camp had to be close. 
Signalling the warriors, I shifted back, crouching behind a boulder. My men followed suit. We crawled closer to the edge of a dropoff, keeping low amongst the 
underbrush for cover. 
Finally, it came into view. 
The camp was massive. There were hundreds of tents spread out in a chaotic mess, with dirt paths cutting between them. Rogues were milling about, some in human form, others shifted. Guards stood sentry at the gates, of which I counted three. East, west, and south. No northern gate, because that side of the camp was pressed up against a large rock face, eliminating the need for a wall in that section. 
I scanned the perimeter. The guards were pacing back and forth along the fence, but there were too many of them for all of us to sneak by unnoticed. 
But if we timed it right, we could slip in during the shift change. Maybe take down some guards quietly and efficiently, then steal their uniforms. 
It was the only way. There weren’t enough of us to take on the whole camp at once. As much as I wanted to decimate the place and burn it to the ground, I knew that stealth was really our only option here, 
As I continued to scan the camp, I spotted an area filled with what looked like iron cages in rows. Kennels. I saw people milling around there, many of them wearing chains around their ankles. 
Slaves.. 
My stomach sank. I hoped Avery wasn’t in one of those cages, or wearing chains. The very thought made me want to kill Asher even more. 
2/3 
Chapter 290 
+25 Bonus 
Suddenly, I spotted a group of rogues leaving the camp. They were heading into the forest, some in wolf form, others carrying bows. An idea struck me. 
I mindlinked my thoughts to my Beta. Tegan nodded. He gestured to a few of the others, and they disappeared into the underbrush. I waited, counting the seconds, until I heard the muffled sounds of a struggle. Then, silence. 
Tegan returned a moment later, holding a bundle of clothes. Blood splattered the fabric, but it would have to do. Shifting, I pulled on a pair of pants and a torn shirt, then smeared some dirt across my face to obscure my features. 
“There’s only enough for five of us,” Tegan said. 
I nodded, handing the clothes out to five of our best warriors. I made sure to pick the ones who were best known for stealth and efficiency. The rest, I commanded to spread out and lay in wait for a signal. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 291
Chapter 291 
Hopefully, we wouldn’t have to give one. As much as I wanted revenge, today’s goal was simply to rescue Avery. Razing this fucking place to the ground would come later, once we had enough resources. 
“Stay close,” I muttered once we were all ready. “And keep your heads down.” 
We approached the camp slowly, blending in with the crowd of rogues returning from their patrols. The guards barely glanced at us as we passed through the gate. My heart pounded, but I kept my expression neutral and my gait casual. 
Once inside, I split off from the group, heading in the direction of the cages. I didn’t pick up her scent. To my relief, she wasn’t in any of the cages. I didn’t recognize any of the slaves. 
One girl looked at me for a moment too long. But I quickly turned away, whistling, and continued moving. She didn’t call out to me or follow, and I assumed that she didn’t pay me any mind. 
After scanning the camp some more, I finally spotted what had to be Asher’s tent. It was large and positioned at the center of the camp. I approached, keeping my head down, and sniffed the air. 
No scent. 
Strange. If Asher took Avery as his personal prisoner, then I would have expected her to be in his quarters. 
It was risky, but I had to check anyway. I had to know if she was there. 
I spotted a guard walking out of the tent and took my chance. I slipped inside, keeping to the shadows. 
The tent was empty. There was only an old woman stirring a pot over a fire, and she didn’t look up at me as I entered. There was a makeshift throne with a wolf’s pelt- making my own wolf snarl inwardly-and a separate area for a bedroom. 
Keeping silent on my feet, I moved toward the bedroom. There, I spotted movement inside. I pressed myself to the canvas of the perimeter of the tent and peered closer. 
There he was. The Rogue King, 
He was moving around his bedroom, seemingly getting dressed. His back was turned to me, but I could see a sliver of his face in the mirror he was looking into. His eyepatch was missing, revealing a jagged, ugly gouge where his eyeball had been. 
1/3 
Chapter 291 
+25 Bonus 
He froze. 
Then turned abruptly. 
My breath caught. I quickly turned, hurrying toward the door, but it was too late. “Hey!” Asher shouted. “Get back here! Intruder!” 
I ran to the door now, but I didn’t get too far. The old woman suddenly picked up the pot she’d been stirring and flung it at me. Hot soup sprayed across me, burning my skin. I hissed and darted out of the tent, but the attack had slowed me down. 
“Tegan,” I mindlinked my Beta, “pull back-” 
An alarm blared before I could finish. 
The sound was deafening, echoing through the camp. Rogues started shouting, and I heard the thunder of footsteps as they mobilized. My blood ran cold. 
I raced toward the nearest gate. Rogues were shifting and snarling now. I skidded around a corner just in time to see one of my men go down, his throat ripped out by a massive gray wolf. Another was tackled by three rogues at once. I heard only screams. 
“Fall back!” I shouted. I shifted mid-stride. My claws dug into the dirt as I lunged at the nearest rogue, tearing into his flank. He yelped and fell, and I didn’t wait to see if he got back up. 
We fought our way toward the gate, but more rogues kept coming. They poured out of the tents like ants, surrounding us. I heard Tegan shout something, but his voice was drowned out by the snarls and screams, and then I lost him completely. 
One of my warriors fell. Then another. Then another. 
We were outnumbered. We had no choice but to fall back. 
I spun, snapping at a rogue who got too close. My teeth found his leg, and I wrenched it to the side, hearing the bone crack. He howled and collapsed. But two more took his place. I turned toward the gate, ready to make a run for it, when suddenly, a scent washed over me. 
Avery. 
It cut through the smoke and blood like a lifeline. I froze, panting. She was close, Somewhere in this camp. I couldn’t leave without her. Not if she was here, afraid and alone. 
I whirled around, searching. My wolf’s eyes scanned the crowd, looking for any sign 
2/3 
14 
Chapter 291 
+25 Bonus 
of her. 
But then I felt something slam into the back of my head. 
Pain exploded behind my eyes. My vision blurred, and I collapsed, shifting involuntarily. My wolf slipped away. 
Silver. 
“Avery…” I clawed through the dirt, trying to crawl toward her. I opened my mind to our connection, desperately reaching for her. The silver dulled everything-my wolf, our connection. But it was still there. Faint. If only I could reach it… 
Another blow came before I could. 
Everything went dark. 
Comments 
凹 
Support 
Share 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 292
Chapter 292 
Avery’s POV 
The chaos eventually drew to a close. But with the way my heart was pounding, blood rushing in my ears, I hardly noticed at all. 
I paced my tent, wringing my hands as the camp went quiet. My mind raced. 
– 
Had Gideon come for me after all? That letter he sent was it a decoy? A distraction to keep Asher from acting before I was rescued? 
Or was it something else? 
I hardly dared to hope that help had come, but my heart wandered anyway. I kept looking at the door, imagining that Gideon or someone, anyone-might come walking through that tent flap. That the wolf shadow standing sentry would eventually be met with a violent and brutal end and that my rescuer would come for 

But that never happened. 
Eventually, as the camp stopped echoing with the sounds of battle and the alarm stopped blaring, I began to lose hope. 
Nothing happened for a long time. 
Eventually, I saw a figure approaching through the canvas. I shot to my feet, but when the flap opened, it was Asher who stepped in. His face was pale and grim. 
“Come with me,” he said coldly. 
I twisted the ring on my finger. “Why?”. 
“Just come.” 
I knew I had no choice but to obey, so I followed him out of the tent. The camp was the same as before, although it was quieter now. Heads turned as I passed. I smelled blood in the air, and the lingering scent of someone familiar, 
My heart stopped in my chest. 
Gideon? 
I surreptitiously slipped my ring off and tried to reach out for the mindink we shared, but I sensed nothing. Strange. If his scent was here, then I should have been able to communicate with him. This was bad. 
1/3 
IT WIL 
Chapter 202 
+25 Bonus 
The moment Asher opened his tent flap, I rushed inside. I felt my knees nearly buckle beneath me, but somehow, I managed to stay upright. 
It was Gideon. 
Asher had him tied to a chair in the center of his tent, bound by chains made of silver. The same ones that kept the slaves from shifting. His head was lolling forward onto his chest, and he didn’t stir as approached. 
He came for me. 
And now he was Asher’s latest prisoner. 
“Recognize him?” Asher asked. He walked over and grabbed Gideon’s hair, lifting his head. Gideon groaned, and a large, angry purple bruise on his temple shone in the dim light. 
I didn’t respond. I couldn’t. I could hardly even breathe. 
Asher released Gideon, letting his head fall back down toward his chest. 
“Look,” he said, walking over to a nearby table where various tools were laid out, “I don’t know what you two have been up to, whether you’ve been colluding or not, but it all stops now.” He picked up a pair of pliers and held them up, inspecting them in the light. 
When he looked at me, his eye was blazing with fury, just like the last time I’d angered him. But his voice was low and controlled as he said, “I don’t take kindly to traitors in my midst.” Strangely, the way those words came out as a whisper was even more terrifying than if he had been yelling. 
My throat bobbed as I watched Asher slowly walk over to Gideon. He lifted the pliers and reached for Gideon’s hand, 
No, no, no, 
“Here’s how it’s going to be,” Asher snarled “You abort the baby right now and declare your love to me. Or your boyfriend will suffer. And I will ensure he continues to suffer, day in and day out, until nothing is left but a sack of quivering flesh. Then, you will have no choice but to submit yourself to me anyway. So make your decision, Avery. Will you condemn your lover to die, or will you selflessly spare him?” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 293
Chapter 293 
I wanted to tell Asher that I would do anything. If it meant protecting Gideon from a certainly long and agonizing fate, then I would do it. 
But I was frozen. No matter how hard I tried the words simply wouldn’t come. Because deep down, I knew I couldn’t abort my baby. It was the one thing I had. I wouldn’t let Asher take it from me, even if it meant hurting my mate. 
There had to be another way, though. My mind began to race. Gideon hadn’t come alone, had he? Maybe we could find help. Get out of here together. 
And then… 
Asher took my silence as a challenge and grabbed Gideon’s fingernail with the pliers. I took a step forward, breath catching. Asher shot me a sneer that made my mouth go dry. And then he began to pull. 
I wanted to look away as he tugged, but I couldn’t. I forced my expression into neutrality, even as Gideon woke and began to scream. Even when the blood began to spurt and his nail popped free of its bed with a sickening schlurp. 
“Ah…Ah…AHHHH!” Gideon jolted awake, trying to yank his hand back, but it was no use. He was bound to the chair, completely at Asher’s mercy. 
Asher held up the nail, still coated in blood and tissue. He looked at me. “No? Nothing?” He waved it around a little. “No reaction to your boyfriend’s pain?” 
My throat bobbed. I remained silent, even though I felt like retching. 
Gideon slowly turned his head. His eyes widened when he saw me standing there.” Avery…?” 
Asher tossed the nail and the pliers aside. This time, he walked over to the fire pit and picked up a hot iron poker that had been resting in the coals. The tip was glowing red. 
“The request was simple, Avery. If you truly loved him, you would end his suffering now. I’ll set him free, No more pain.” 
I still couldn’t speak. My eyes were fluttering between Gideon and the hot poker in Asher’s hand. 
Asher walked over to Gideon. The ripping of fabric as he tore into the back of Gideon’s shirt almost seemed to echo in the quiet camp. 
He didn’t hesitate before pressing the hot end onto Gideon’s skin. 
1/2 
Chapter 293 
+25 Bonus 
My wolf howled in tandem with Gideon’s cries, but I forced myself to remain neutral. There had to be another way. Something I could do that could save both Gideon and our baby. 
When Asher finally pulled the poker away, Gideon was breathless and panting, head hanging. I dared not to look at the red mark that had been seared into his skin, but it didn’t matter. The image was burned into my mind just as it was burned into his flesh. My eyes pricked with tears, although I managed to hold them at bay. 
“Avery…” He slowly looked at me again. “Why…? Why not… Help me…?” 
I opened my mouth, but no words came. Not that it mattered, anyway. Asher clapped his hands together twice, and two guards rushed into the tent. They lifted Gideon, chair and all. 
“Take him to the observation cells,” Asher commanded. “See to it that he’s thoroughly humiliated, but don’t kill him yet.” 
“Yes, Sir,” the guards said in unison. 
I could only stand there in shock as they carried Gideon away. The last I saw of him was his gaze boring into me. The look of betrayal I saw there made my heart shatter, and the worst part was that the silver binding both of us—my ring, his shackles — made it impossible for me to mindlink him and tell him the truth. 
For now, we were both trapped. 
And unless I made an impossible decision, Gideon would die. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 294
Chapter 294 
Avery’s POV 
Every time I closed my eyes that night, I saw Gideon. Bleeding. Screaming. Naked and humiliated in front of the entire camp while I just stood there like a statue. 
The image of Asher’s knife plunging into his side replayed over and over in my mind. He’d stabbed him with a silver blade earlier, ensuring that his wounds couldn’t heal. The sound of Gideon’s screams still echoed in my head. 
And worst of all was the way that he had looked at me. 
“Why are you just standing there?” he’d shouted. “Avery!” 
I had just turned and walked away. The crowd parted like the sea, and Gideon’s shouts followed me all the way back to my tent. 
I rolled over in bed, pulling the furs up to my chin. My baby kicked gently against my ribs. I placed my hand over my stomach. 
I had to protect this child. That was the whole reason I’d stayed silent. If I gave in to Asher’s demands, he would force me to abort. And I couldn’t let that happen. 
But Gideon was suffering because of my silence. 
How long could I keep this up? How long before Asher killed him just to prove a point? 
I sat up, throwing the furs aside. I couldn’t just lie here and do nothing. I had to act. 
The herbs I’d collected from the forest were still in my basket, tucked beneath my bed. I pulled them out and got to work. 
The valerian root needed to be ground into a fine powder. I used a small mortar and pestle I’d found, crushing the dried roots until they were dust. Then came the chamomile and passionflower. I mixed them together carefully, measuring out the proportions from what I recalled from my books. 
Too much valerian and the person would vomit before falling asleep. Too little and it wouldn’t work at all. 
Once the mixture was ready, I melted down a small amount of honey over a candle flame and stirred the powder in. The honey would mask the bitter taste. Then, I poured the mixture into small molds I had fashioned from scraps of parchment. 
By the time I was finished, I had five candies. Each one potent enough to knock out a 
1/2 
Chapter 294 
+25 Bonus 
full-grown wolf for up to several hours. 
I wrapped one carefully in the wrapper from the candy Asher had given me and set it on my table. 
Now I just needed an opportunity to use it. 
When night fell, I asked my guard to fetch Lindsey. I told him I wasn’t feeling well and that I needed her help. Sure enough, a few minutes later, Lindsey appeared at my tent. 
“You called for me?” she asked. 
“Yes.” I laid my head back on my pillows. “I’ve been feeling nauseous all day. I think it’s the baby. Can you help me?” 
“Of course.” 
I pretended to be weak while Lindsey busied herself fetching water and arranging pillows. She was folding my laundry when her eyes landed on the candy sitting on the table. She froze. 
I watched her out of the corner of my eye. Her hand twitched. She glanced at me, then back at the candy. I pretended not to notice. Then, I heard the soft crinkling of paper. She greedily shoved the candy into her mouth like a child might sneak a sweet before dinner. 
I waited. 
It didn’t take long. The candies were designed to work quickly and efficiently, especially for someone as petite and malnourished as her. Within minutes, I heard a soft thud. I turned to see her sprawled across the floor, fast asleep. She was even snoring softly. 
I moved quickly. I stripped off my dress and pulled Lindsey’s rags over my head. They were filthy and smelled like sweat and dirt, but they would have to do. 
The chains were another problem. I bit my lip, staring at them. Damn. I had forgotten about those. I finally settled for going without them. Maybe no one would notice. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 295
Chapter 295 
After dressing Lindsey in my robe and placing her in my bed, ensuring the furs were pulled up around her to make it look like I was sleeping, I pulled a scarf over my head to hide my hair, then slipped out through the hole I’d dug days ago. 
No one noticed me. A guard was leaning against a post, half-asleep. He didn’t even glance at me as I passed. 
I kept my head down and moved quickly through the camp. No one paid me any attention. To them, I was just another slave. 
I was halfway to the cages when a hand grabbed my arm. 
“You there,” a rough voice barked. “Slave.” 
I froze. My heart pounded as I turned to face the rogue. He was tall and broad- shouldered, with a map of scars running across his face. 
“Y-Yes?” I stammered. 
“My chamber pot needs emptying.” He shoved a bucket into my hands. “And be quick about it.” 
I stared at the bucket. It was filled with urine and feces, and the smell was so strong it made my eyes water. 
“Well?” he snapped. “What are you waiting for?” 
I swallowed hard and took the bucket. “Where should I—” 
“The waste pit. East side of camp.” He waved me off. “And when you’re done, come back. My friends and I need drinks.” 
I nodded and hurried away, holding the bucket at arm’s length. The waste pit was a large hole dug into the ground, surrounded by flies. I dumped the contents and gagged, then rinsed the bucket with water from a nearby barrel. 
When I returned, the rogue was sitting with a group of his friends. They were drinking and laughing. 
“About time,” he said when he saw me. “Bring us ale, And make it quick.” 
I fetched a tray of drinks from a nearby tent and carried it over. My hands were shaking as I set it down on the table. 
One of the rogues grabbed my wrist as I turned to leave, “Where do you think you’re going?” 
1/3 
Chapter 295 
425 Bonus 
“I-I have other tasks-” 
“You’ll leave when we say you can leave.” He pulled me down onto his lap. I tried to stand, but his grip was too strong. 
The others laughed. One of them reached out and grabbed my thigh, his hand sliding up under the fabric of my dress. 
“Stop-” 
“What was that?” The rogue holding me leaned closer. “Speak up, slave.” 
I bit my tongue and forced myself to stay still. If I fought back, they would know something was wrong. If I fought back, I would blow my cover. 
So I sat there and let them touch me. Let them grope and laugh and make crude comments. My skin crawled, and I wanted to vomit, but I didn’t move. 
After what felt like an eternity, they finally got bored and shoved me away. 
“Get out of here,” one of them said, waving his hand. “You’re useless.” 
I scrambled to my feet and hurried away, my face burning. I made a mental note to come back for these slaves once I got out of here. They didn’t deserve this. No one did. 
Finally, I reached the cages. 
Gideon was in the center, just like Asher had said. He was curled up on the floor, naked and covered in blood. The wound on his side was still open, leaking blood. But I could heal him; the moon was out tonight, and I’d removed my ring. 
I glanced around. The guards were distracted, talking amongst themselves. I slipped between the cages and knelt beside Gideon’s. 
“Gideon,” I whispered. 
He didn’t move. 
I reached through the bars and touched his shoulder. His skin was cold. 
“Gideon, it’s me. It’s Avery.” 
He stirred, his eyes fluttering open. When he saw me, his expression hardened. 
“Get away from me,” he said, shoving me away. 
23 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 296
Chapter 296 
Avery’s POV 
“Get away from me,” Gideon said, shoving my hand back through the bars. 
“Gideon, please-” 
“I said get away!” His voice was hoarse. “You made your choice. You chose him.” 
I stared at him through the bars. His face was pale and streaked with blood and dirt. The wound on his side was still oozing blood. 
“That’s not true,” I said quietly. 
“You just stood there and watched him torture me. You didn’t say a word. Didn’t try to stop him. Deirdre was right about you all along.” 
My chest ached. “Gideon… It’s not what you think.” 
“Save it.” He turned his head away. “I don’t want to hear it.” 
Finally, frustration washed over me. Typical He never wanted to listen to me, not when it mattered. Well, I didn’t have the time for his nonsense today. I had to focus on getting us both out of here, and I couldn’t do that if he was bleeding out. 
Gritting my teeth, I reached through the bars again, this time grabbing his arm. He tried to pull away, but I held firm, not caring if my nails dug painfully into his skin. 
“I’m going to heal you whether you want me to or not,” I said. “So stop being a stubborn ass and just let me do it.” 
“Why bother?” He looked away, jaw ticking 
“Because you’re hurt. And I can’t get us both out of here if you’re too injured to walk on your own.” I pulled my hand back and focused on the moonlight. I shut my eyes. and imagined that silver light bending toward his wounds, like the Moon Goddess herself was sending it down. Then, I placed my hand over the wound on his side. 
Gideon hissed as the warmth spread through his skin. The bleeding slowed, then stopped. The torn flesh began to knit itself back together, slowly but surely. When I opened my eyes, I let out a little huff of relief and surprise. 
It had worked. 
“Thank you, Moon Goddess,” I whispered. 
Once that wound was healed, I moved to the next wound. This one was on his thigh. I 
1/3 
Chapter 206 
+25 Bonus 
hadn’t been there when it had been given, but I could tell it was made with the same silver blade. “Hold still.” 
He didn’t fight me this time. He just watched as I worked, his jaw working silently. 
“If you really chose him,” he said quietly, “then why are y 
are you doing this?” 
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t. Not without explaining everything, and I didn’t have time for that. Not here, not now. 
Once the worst of the wounds were closed, I sat back. “There. That should help.” 
Gideon stared at me. “You’re not with him, are you? The coldness. It was all an act.” 
“I can’t explain right now.” I glanced over my shoulder. The guards were still distracted, but I didn’t know how much longer that would last. “Just trust me.” 
“Then let’s go.” Gideon moved closer, sitting on his knees now. “We can escape together. Right now.” 
I shook my head. “No.” 
“What do you mean, no?” 
“You need to leave. Without me.” I stood, brushing the dirt from my knees. “If I agree to stay, Asher will release you. I’ll make sure of it.” 
“Are you insane?” Gideon grabbed the bars. ‘I’m not leaving you here.” 
“You have to.” 
“No.” His hand shot through and grabbed mine. “I came here to rescue you, and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.” 
“Gideon, please… It’s not that simple.” 
all 
He leaned closer, his eyes searching my face Then, his expression changed. His nostrils flared, and his eyes widened. 
“You’re…” He trailed off, staring at my stomach. 
My heart stopped. Could he tell I was pregnant? 
Before either of us could say anything, I heard footsteps approaching and the clinking of familiar boot buckles. 
lovin 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 297
Chapter 297 
Asher. 
“I have to go,” I whispered. 
I didn’t wait for Gideon to respond before I turned and slipped between the cages, ducking behind a stack of crates just as Asher came into view. He was walking toward Gideon’s cage with two guards flanking him. 
I drew in a steadying breath and slipped away, unseen and unheard. 
www 
Gideon’s POV 
Asher stopped in front of my cage. His one good eye gleamed in the moonlight. I expected more torture, but surprisingly, I saw no weapons or tools this time. Just him and two guards. That could either be a good thing or a very, very bad thing. I was leaning toward the latter. 
“Good evening, Alpha Gideon,” he said. His voice was smooth. “I trust you’ve had time to reconsider your position?” 
I didn’t answer. I just glared at him. 
“Still giving me the silent treatment?” Asher chuckled. “How mature.” He crouched down, bringing himself to eye level with me “Let me reiterate my offer. Leave peacefully. Go back to your pack. Forget about Avery. In exchange, I promise she won’t be harmed. In fact, she’ll live quite well by my side.” 
“Go to hell,” I said. 
Asher sighed. “Stubborn prick.” He stood and gestured to one of the guards.” Unfortunately, though, I can’t have you interfering with my plans. Avery is mine. She was promised to me long before you ever met her.” 
My jaw tightened. Avery wasn’t his. She was pregnant. With my child. 
Like hell I was gonna let this fucker have he 
“You can make all the promises you want,” snarled, “but I’m not leaving her here. Not with you. Not ever.” 
For a moment, Asher said nothing. Then, slowly, a smile spread across his face. 
“Is that so?” He turned to one of the guards and held his hand out. “Bring me the 
serum. 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
The guard stepped forward and placed a syringe in Asher’s palm. The liquid inside was a strange, milky color that seemed to glow faintly in the dark. Even from here, I could smell roses. 
My stomach dropped. “What is that?” 
“Plan B,” Asher said. He inspected the syringe. “You see, Gideon, I’ve been very patient with Avery. I’ve given her time to adjust. Time to see reason. But you keep getting in the way. I thought one of you might cave during your torture, but you’re both just as stubborn as the other.” 
He unlocked the cage and stepped inside. I tried to scramble back, but the silver chains kept me pinned. One of the guards grabbed my arm and held it still. 
“This,” Asher said, tapping the syringe, “is an aphrodisiac. A very potent one. Designed specifically for Alpha Werewolves. Once it’s in your system, you won’t be able to control yourself.” 
My blood ran cold. “Don’t you dare.” 
“I’m afraid I must. You’ve given me no choice.” Asher knelt beside me. “Don’t worry. The girl I’ve chosen for you is quite the looker. And she’s very eager, what with the same aphrodisiac already coursing through your veins.” 
Before I could react, Asher pressed the needle against my arm. 
“By the time I’m done with you,” he hissed, “Avery will be begging me to put you down like the rabid dog you are.” 
I thrashed, trying to break free, but the guard held me firm. Asher pressed the needle into my skin and pushed the plunger. 
Fire shot through my veins. My vision blurred, and I felt my wolf surge to the surface, wild and uncontrollable. My pulse began to thunder. A moment later, I saw the form of a girl stumble toward my cage, naked and licking her lips. 
Asher stood and stepped back, watching as the serum took effect. 
“Enjoy yourself, Alpha Gideon. I’ll be back in the morning.” 
2/2 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 298
Chapter 298 
Avery’s POV 
I slipped back through the hole in the tent and crawled inside. Lindsey was still unconscious on my bed, snoring softly. I moved quickly, stripping off the slave rags and pulling my dress back on. 
Once I was changed, I dragged Lindsey off the bed and laid her on the floor behind my dressing screen. Then, I climbed into bed and pulled the furs up to my chin, positioning myself exactly as I’d been before. 
I had just closed my eyes when I heard footsteps outside. 
The tent flap opened. 
I kept my breathing slow and steady, forcing my body to relax. Through my lashes, I saw Asher’s silhouette in the doorway. He stood there for a long moment, watching 

My pulse thundered in my ears. Did he know? Had someone seen me leaving? 
Asher walked closer, his boots barely making a sound against the dirt floor. He stopped beside my bed. I could feel his gaze on me, studying my face. I prayed he wouldn’t notice Lindsey sleeping under my bed. 
Don’t move. Don’t breathe. 
He reached out. I braced myself, expecting him to shake me awake. But instead, he just brushed a strand of hair away from my face. His fingers were cold, and I had to resist the urge to flinch away. 
“Sleep well, poppet,” he murmured. 
Then, he turned and left. 
I waited until I heard his footsteps fade before I allowed myself to breathe again. My hands were shaking beneath the furs. 
That was too close. 
On the floor, Lindsey stirred. She groaned and pushed herself up onto her elbows, blinking groggily. 
“Wha…?” She looked around, confused. “What happened?” 
“You passed out,” I said. “I think you’re exhausted. You should go get some rest.” 
1/3 
425 Bonus 
Lindsey rubbed her eyes. “L… Yes. I suppose you’re right.” She stood, wobbling slightly, then made her way to the door. “I’ll check on you in the morning.” 
“No need.” 
Once she was gone, I collapsed back onto the pillows. My entire body ached from how tightly my muscles were wound, but I had done it. 
Now that Gideon’s wounds were healed, I just needed to plan our escape. I already had an idea for tomorrow morning. 
Sleep came quicker than I expected. I must have been so exhausted from the day’s ordeal that it pulled me under before I even knew it. 
I dreamt that I was standing in a field. The com was tall and golden, swaying in the breeze. The air smelled like freshly tilled soil, and overhead, jet trails cut across the sky. 
I looked down. I was wearing denim overalls stretched across a stomach that was round and full. Pregnant. But further along than I was now. Much further. 
A voice called out to me then. “Mommy!” 
I turned, and the scene shifted. My belly was flat now. I looked down at my hands, and saw that they were slightly older, more weathered from hard work. There was a cottage in the distance. A little was running toward me, dark hair blowing in the breeze. 
He was laughing, and so, so perfect. 
“Mommy, look what I found!” He held up a handful of wildflowers, roots and all. “I picked them just for you. 
I knelt down and took the flowers from him. “They’re beautiful, sweetheart.” 
He threw his arms around my neck and hugged me tight. I closed my eyes and held him, breathing in the scent of sunshine and dirt and freedom. 
“Are we safe here, Mommy?” he asked. 
“Yes.” I stroked his hair. “We’re safe.” 
“And Dad? Where is he?” 
I opened my mouth to answer, but no words came. I looked around, searching for Gideon. But he wasn’t there. It was just me and the little boy in the field. 
“He’s… not coming,” I said quietly. 
2/3 
Chapter 298 
+25 Bonus 
The little boy pulled back and looked at me with wide eyes. “Why not?” “Because…” I swallowed hard. “Because we had to leave without him.” 
“Oh…” 
The dream shifted again. I was standing on the porch of our cottage now. There was a garden out front, filled with herbs and vegetables. Smoke curled from the chimney, and inside, I could hear my mother’s voice and the clinking of dishes as dinner was prepared. 
This was the human lands. I could feel it. The absence of wolves. The quiet peace that came from finally being able to build something that was just my own. A farm with chickens and a rusted little pickup truck. A life that no one could take from me. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+2 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 299
Chapter 299 
+25 Bonus 
I had escaped. I had gotten away from Asher From the rogue camp. From everything. 
But Gideon wasn’t here. And in the distance a storm was gathering on the horizon. 
Lightning cracked, making me jump. I heard glass shattering. Wind blew cold and harsh across the field, breaking the corn stalks clean in half. Something was spinning across the field, headed straight for me. A tall tunnel of swirling wind and debris. 
“Mommy!” I heard a boy shout. “Mom, get away from there! You’re gonna blow awa 
Too late. I was already being swept up in the tornado. Around and around and around, my house fading below me. Then, it flung me far and fast. I saw mountains pass beneath me. Oceans. 
I hurtled down. Down. Down into a dark cave. The wind battered me against the rocks. Cave paintings peeled away from the walls and swirled around me. I saw painted depictions of men holding spears with the heads of wolves impaled on them. 
“Princess,” one of the paintings, a woman holding a swaddled baby, whispered. ” Your life was laid out for you before you were born… What makes you think you can run?” 
I couldn’t respond with the wind howling into my mouth. The caves went deeper, deeper until they were no longer caves, but tunnels into the center of the earth. Hot and stifling, burning my skin. I saw a ball of magma ahead of me, bubbling and popping. 
Suddenly, the wind stopped, and I was freefalling. 
Just before I hit the lava, I woke with a start. 
I gasped, pressing my hand to my chest. was still in my tent; the sun was shining, 
and the air was hot and thick. 
I was still getting my bearings when the tent flap opened and my guard stepped inside. He didn’t say anything. He just gestured for me to follow. 
My stomach sank. “Where are we going?”, 
“The Rogue King wants you,” the guard said. 
I slipped on my shoes and robe and followed him out of the tent. The camp was already bustling with activity. Rogues milled about, talking and laughing. But there 
1/3 
Chapter 299 
+25 Bonus 
was something different about the atmosphere today. An energy. An excitement. 
As we walked, I heard snippets of conversation. 
can’t believe it-” 
“-with some slave girl, no less.” 
“Looks like the Alpha couldn’t control himself…’ 
My blood ran cold. 
The guard led me toward the cages. A crowd had gathered there. They were laughing and jeering, pointing at something I couldn’t see. 
I pushed through the crowd, and when I reached the front, I froze. 
Gideon wasn’t alone. 
There was a woman with him. She was naked, her body sprawled across his. Gideon was naked too, holding her tight. 
The scene was all too obvious. 
“What…?” I couldn’t finish the sentence. My throat had closed up. 
One of the rogues nearby laughed. “Looks like your Alpha couldn’t keep it in his pants. Went at it all night, from what I heard.” 
Another rogue chimed in. “I bet he’s got all kinds of diseases now. That slut is known for sleeping with anyone who asks.” 
My vision blurred. I stared at Gideon, watching as his eyes slowly blinked open. He jolted awake, shoving the girl off of him. The rogues laughed. Someone threw a rotten tomato at the cage. It splattered across his bare chest. 
“Avery,” he breathed when he saw me. 
I took a step back. Then another. The laughter echoed in my ears, I had to get away, had to hide- 
“Avery!” 
I didn’t wait to hear the rest. I turned and ran. 
The crowd parted as I pushed through. Their laughter followed me all the way back to my tent. I stumbled inside and collapsed onto my bed, gasping for air. 
He’d slept with someone else. 
2/3 
Chapter 299 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon had slept with someone else. 
I pressed my hands to my face, trying to block out the image. But it was burned into my mind. 
Why was he even here, if he would sleep with the first woman that entered his cage? 
What was I to him? 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 300
Chapter 300 
Gideon’s POV 
“Have fun,” one of the guards chuckled. He shoved the woman into my cage, sending her sprawling across the ground, then locked the door and left us there. 
Left me with her. 
The woman lifted her head, licking her lips. “You’re a handsome one, aren’t you?” she breathed. Her voice was like the tinkling of tiny bells. Soft and sweet. My wolf wanted to grab her by the neck and sink my teeth into her breast. He wanted me to take her. 
No. 
I pressed myself against the bars. This was not happening. This woman was not my mate. I would not have sex with her tonight. This aphrodisiac wouldn’t get the best of me. 
“Stay. Over. There.” I had to grind each word out through clenched teeth. 
The woman just giggled and crawled closer, dragging herself through the dirt. “Aw, c’mon. It’ll be fun. And it’ll feel so good-” 
“Stay back,” I growled. 
But my body wasn’t listening. My hands were moving on their own, reaching for her. I could feel my control slipping. My wolf was taking over. 
“No!” I thought to him. “Not like this! She’s not Avery!” 
“Does it matter? I want her. You want her. It would feel good, after all that torment.” 
“I don’t give a shit. This isn’t you. This isn’t us!” 
Suddenly, I had an idea. I bit down hard on my own arm. My teeth sunk into my flesh. Pain exploded through me a moment later, just as the metallic taste of blood filled my mouth. 
The pain cut through the haze. My wolf recoiled, startled by the sudden jolt. 
I bit down harder, forcing myself to focus on the pain instead of the heat in my veins. Blood dripped down my arm now. I could feel it pooling around my feet. 
The woman leaned back on her heels, staring. “What are you doing?” she whispered. I didn’t answer. I kept biting. Kept the pain fresh and raw. It was the only way. 
1/3 
Chapter 300 
+25 Bonus 
Eventually, the aphrodisiac’s effects began to fade. Not completely, but enough. Enough that I could think again. 
I released my arm and gasped, my head spinning. The woman had collapsed beside me at some point during all that, and was now laying there, unconscious from the drug. 
The aphrodisiac was making me sleepy, too. I tried to stay awake, but it was 
impossible. My eyes fluttered closed, and no matter how hard I tried to keep them open, I just couldn’t. 
When I woke, it was morning. The sun was hot, the sound of buzzing flies a constant drone. I heard laughter, too. Cruel whispers. I cracked my eyes open to find that the woman was still there, draped across me. 
And Avery was standing outside the cage, staring. 
Avery’s POV 
I hated myself for the way I couldn’t stop crying. I hated that I was sitting here in my tent, sobbing like a child while Gideon was out there with that woman. 
It shouldn’t have bothered me. He already made it clear he couldn’t tell me he loved. me. He’d betrayed me too many times to count. 
But why come here to rescue me if he was just going to sleep with the first rogue woman that entered his cage? 
The tent flap opened, and Asher stepped inside. I quickly wiped my face, but it was too late. He’d already seen the tears. 
“Oh, poppet,” he said softly. He crossed the tent and sat beside me on the bed. “I’m so sorry you had to see that.” 
I turned away. 
“You know,” Asher went on, placing a hand on my shoulder, “I tried to warn you about him. Men like Gideon don’t know loyalty. They don’t know how to cherish what they have. At the first opportunity, he betrayed you.” 
“Maybe it wasn’t what it looked like,” I muttered. 
Asher tilted his head. “You saw how he was holding her, Avery. You’re not seriously that dense, are you?” 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
I closed my eyes. I didn’t want to think about it. Didn’t want to see the image of them. together, tangled up in each other’s arms. It had seemed awfully romantic. Close. Like the way lovers would hold one another. 
BIG SALE $500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 301
Chapter 301 
“You deserve better,” Asher said. He squeezed my shoulder. “You deserve someone who will put you first. Always.” 
I pulled away from him. “I need to be alone. 
Asher studied me for a moment, then nodded. “Of course. Take all the time you need.” He stood and walked to the door, then paused. “But remember, Avery. I’m here for you. Whenever you’re ready.” 
He left, and I was alone again. 
I sat there for a long time, staring at the canvas walls. My mind was a mess, and everything hurt. My body, my mind, my heart. 
Finally, I made a decision. 
I couldn’t be with Gideon anymore. Not after this. Whatever we’d had was over. I should have known that from the beginning 
But I also couldn’t let him suffer because of me. I couldn’t let Asher keep torturing him just to make a point. I still cared for him, despite everything. 
Gideon needed to escape. And so did I. 
I had four candies left. If I could get one into Asher’s tea, he would fall asleep. Then, I could steal his keys and free Gideon. We could both leave this place and never look 
back. 
It was risky. If Asher caught me, there was no telling what he might do. But I had to try. 
I pulled the candies from their hiding spot beneath my mattress and unwrapped one. Then, I ground it into a fine powder using the mortar and pestle. 
I asked my guard to fetch Asher, claiming I wanted to discuss the wedding. He looked surprised, but nodded and left. 
A few minutes later, Asher arrived. He was smiling. 
“You wanted to see me?” he asked. 
“Yes.” I gestured to the small table where I’d set out two cups of tea. “I thought we could talk. About… us.” 
Asher’s smile widened. “Of course.” He sat down across from me and picked up one of the cups. “What did 
“What did you want to discuss? 
1/3 
SHEM 
Chapter 301 kw 
I watched as he brought the cup to his lips. My heart pounded. 
But he paused. His good eye narrowed, and he lowered the cup. 
“You made this yourself?” he asked. 
“Yes.” I forced a smile. “I thought it would be nice.” 
+25 Bonus 
Asher swirled the tea in the cup, studying it. Then, he dumped it onto the ground. 
My stomach dropped. 
“Did you really think I wouldn’t notice?” he asked. His voice was calm, but there was a furious edge to it, like an alligator hiding just beneath the surface of seemingly peaceful waters. “I can smell the valerian from here, Avery. Along with the chamomile and passionflower.” 
“I… I don’t…” 
Asher stood, towering over me. “You’ve been very clever, I’ll give you that. Disguising yourself as a slave. Sneaking out to heal your precious Alpha. Trying to drug me, just like you drugged that slave, so you could escape.” 
So he knew. He’d known the whole time. Of course he did. 
“But here’s the thing,” Asher continued. He leaned down toward me. “Every time you try to play tricks, Gideon suffers. So tell me, Avery. Was it worth it?” 
I couldn’t respond. 
Asher didn’t seem to care. He simply held his palm out flat. Expecting something. 
Slowly, I pulled the remaining three candies out of my pocket and placed them in his hand. 
“Good girl,” he said, straightening. He stuffed them into his pocket. “Tomorrow, as punishment for your actions, I’m going to make an example out of Gideon.” 
“Punish me instead,” I whispered, 
“I am.” His lip curled nastily, “You will be the one to inflict his pain. Judging from the look in your eyes right now, I think that’s sufficient, isn’t it?” 
With that, he turned and walked toward the door. 
27 
“Wait!” I shot to my feet. “Don’t hurt him. Please, I’ll do anything. 
Asher paused. He looked at me over his shoulder. “Anything?” 
“} 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
“Yes,” 
“Then abort the child.” 
My breath lodged in my throat like a shard of glass. 
“That’s my price,” Asher said. “Abort the child, and I’ll let Gideon go free. Refuse, and he suffers. The choice is yours.” 
He left before I could respond. 
I sank back onto the bed, my hands shaking. The choice was mine. 
Gideon’s freedom, or my baby’s life. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 302
Chapter 302 
+28 Bonus 
Avery’s POV 
“Pick it up.” 
Asher’s voice was cold. He was standing beside me, arms crossed, watching me as I stared at the silver needle in my trembling hand. 
“I can’t,” I whispered. 
“You can. And you will.” He stepped closer, lowering his voice so only I could hear. His lips brushed my ear as he whispered, “Unless you’d prefer to take the abortion drug instead. I have it right here.” He patted his pocket. “One dose, and the baby will be gone by morning. Your choice.” 
I shuddered and looked at Gideon. He was in his cage, gagged and bound. His eyes were wide, pleading. Begging me not to do this. 
But I had no choice. It was either this, or lose my child forever. An impossible decision, but one I had to make nonetheless 
I swallowed hard and approached the cage. My legs felt like lead. The needle was heavy in my hand, even though it weighed almost nothing. 
All the while, I felt Asher’s eyes on me. Watching. Waiting. 
I reached through the bars. Gideon flinched when I touched his arm, but he had nowhere to go. His skin was already covered in bruises and cuts from yesterday’s torture. Adding more felt like a crime, but I had to protect the baby. No matter what. He would understand, once we got out of here and I could explain. He had to. 
Holding my breath, I pressed the needle against his skin and pushed. It slid in easily, the silver sinking into his flesh like a knife slipping through butter. Gideon’s muffled scream tore through the air, and I yanked my hand back through the bars. 
Asher simply smiled and handed me another needle. Then another. And another. 
I lost count after the fifth one. Each time, Gideon’s screams grew weaker. Each time, I felt a piece of myself break off and crumble to dust. 
The crowd that had gathered was laughing. Jeering. Calling out suggestions for where.I should put the next needle. 
I couldn’t look at Gideon anymore. I just kept my eyes down, focused on the task, and did what Asher wanted. One needle after another until, by some mercy, there were no more left. 
1/2 
Chapter 302 
+25 Bonus 
“Well done, poppet,” Asher said. He placed a hand on my shoulder. Gideon was barely conscious now, laying on the bottom of his cage, trembling and pale and staring at me like I’d betrayed him. Which I had. The needles sticking out of his skin made him look like a pin cushion. “You’re learning.” 
I shoved his hand away and turned, walking as fast as I could without running. I didn’t stop until I was back in my tent, where I collapsed on my bed with my hands pressed over my face. I willed myself not to cry, even though my heart felt like it was in a million pieces. 
What had I done? 
I had to get us both out of here. Soon. Before I lost what little was left of myself. Before Gideon met a fate worse than death. 
So I spent the rest of the day planning. By evening, I had come up with something. It was risky, but it might work if I was smart about it. 
I called for my guard and clutched my stomach, wincing. “I’m not feeling well. I think it’s the baby. Can you take me to the doctor?” 
The guard looked skeptical, but he nodded and helped me to my feet. I leaned against him as he led me out of my tent. We walked through the camp to a small hut near the edge, where effigies made from bones and what looked like hair were dangling from the eaves. The doctor was inside, grinding herbs with her mortar and pestle. 
“What’s the problem?” she asked without looking up from her work. 
“She says she’s sick,” the guard said gruffly 
The doctor finally looked at me. She studied my face for a moment, then gestured to the cot in the corner. “Lie down.” 
I obeyed. The guard stayed by the door, watching, but I blushed. “Can I have some privacy, please?” I asked. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
got it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 303
Chapter 303 
The guard glanced at the doctor. She nodded, and he turned and stepped outside. Good. That was one less set of eyes to worry about. 
The doctor poked and prodded at my stomach, muttering under her breath. She pulled out her pouch of herbs and waved it under my nose. I fought the urge to gag. Then, she made me remove my bottoms and performed a pelvic exam. 
All the while, I surreptitiously scanned the tables covered in herbs and bottles, searching for something useful. 
“Hm,” she said. She set her materials aside. “You’re fine. Just stressed. Go back to your tent and rest.” 
“Are you sure?” I asked. “I really don’t feel well.” 
“You’re fine,” she repeated firmly. She turned away, dismissing me. She probably didn’t care if I had a miscarriage or something. It would likely just make her job a lot easier. 
I sat up slowly, letting my gaze continue to wander around the hut as I dressed. There were shelves lined with jars and vials. Labels I couldn’t read from this distance. But one caught my eye. 
It was sitting on the table near the doctor’s workspace. A small glass vial filled with clear liquid. The label read “Morphine.” 
A narcotic. Strong enough to knock someone out in moments. That was exactly what I was looking for. 
The doctor had her back turned, too busy focusing on her herbs to notice me. I took my chance and, while I was walking over to the door, I reached out and grabbed the vial. I slipped it into my pocket, along with a syringe I found. 
I turned, looking at the doctor. She didn’t seem to notice. Satisfied, I met the guard outside and followed him back to my tent. 
Around midnight, I carried out my plan. I filled the syringe with the morphine, careful not to spill a drop. Then, I tucked it into the folds of my dress and headed toward Asher’s tent, claiming that I needed to talk to him. My guard followed me, but that didn’t matter. I could manage. 
My plan was simple, although it made my stomach twist. I would tell Asher that I loved him. That I wanted to be with him, and that I was tired of waiting for our wedding night. He always wanted to fuck me, anyway. 
7/2 
Chapter 303 
425 Bonus 
Once we were alone, I would inject him with the narcotic while he was distracted. Then, after he fell unconscious, I’d steal the keys to Gideon’s cage and free him. 
And then we would run. We would find a way out of this camp and never look back. After… I wasn’t sure what would happen after. But we had to get out of here first if there was ever going to be an “after” to consider. 
It had to work. It was the only plan I had left 
I had just reached Asher’s tent when I heard voices. 
I froze. The voices were coming from inside the tent. I could make out Asher’s voice, and another’s. A male voice, deep and familiar. 
Gideon. 
My breath caught. What was he doing in there? 
Curious, I leaned closer, pretending to fuss with my dress. My guard barely paid any attention, too busy staring at a half-nude woman passing by to notice that I wasn’t moving. I pricked my ears to listen. 
“Do you truly want Avery? Or is it the child you’re after?” Asher’s voice said. 
There was a pause. My heart pounded in my ears. I leaned closer, trying to listen more, but it was no use. Whatever Asher said next was drowned out by the sound of raucous cheers behind me. Even my guard perked up at the sound, looking over to see that some males had apparently just begun a drinking contest not far off. 
Suddenly, Gideon’s voice responded. Every word was like a silver needle piercing my skin. Over and over and over. 
“I don’t want Avery. I just want the child. Not her. Never her.” 
The world tilted beneath my feet, and my knees began to buckle. 
2/2 
Chapter 304 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 304 
Gideon’s POV 
Everything was a blur. Shapes moving in and out of focus. Voices that sounded like they were underwater. 
I watched Avery walk away through the bars of my cage. Her back was turned to me, shoulders rigid. She didn’t look back. Not even once. 
My body was on fire. Silver needles jutted from my arms, my legs, my chest. She’d pushed them through the bars herself, one by one, while the entire camp watched. I’d tried to scream, to tell her that I hadn’t slept with that woman, but the gag in my mouth had muffled everything. 
She thought I’d betrayed her. 
And now she was punishing me for it. 
Blood dripped from the wounds, pooling beneath me. The silver kept them from healing. Each breath sent fresh waves of agony through my body. 
I couldn’t hold on much longer. 
My eyes fluttered closed, and the world faded to black. 
When I woke, I was somewhere else. 
Not the cage. Somewhere warmer and quieter. I cracked my eyes open and saw thick canvas overhead. A tent. Asher’s tent, judging by the wolf pelt draped over the throne in the corner. 
I was tied to a chair. My wrists were bound with silver chains, the metal searing into my skin. My ankles, too. I couldn’t move. 
Asher was standing in front of me with his arms crossed. He looked pleased, 
“Good. You’re awake,” he said, “We can get started.” 
I tried to speak, but my throat was too dry, Only a rasp came out. 
Asher walked over to a table and picked up a cup of water. He brought it to my lips 
and tipped it, letting me drink. The water was cool, soothing. But it wasn’t enough. Nothing would ever be enough. 
“How are you feeling, Alpha Gideon?” he asked. 
1/4 
Chapter 
+25 Bonus 
I glared at him. 
“Not feeling talkative?” He set the cup down. “That’s fine. You’ll feel plenty talkative when we’re done here.” 
He walked around me, circling my chair like a predator. I could hear his boots against the dirt floor, metal buckles clanking in the quiet space. 
Then, he stopped behind me. 
“You know she’s pregnant, right?” he whispered. 
My jaw clenched. 
“It must be difficult for you,” Asher went on. “Knowing that your heir is trapped here with me. Knowing that you might never get to meet them.” 
I didn’t answer. 
Asher moved in front of me again. He bent down, bringing himself to my eye level.” Here’s what I think, Gideon. I think you don’t actually care about Avery. I think you only care about the child. About having an heir to carry on your bloodline.” 
“That’s not true,” I rasped. 
“Then why did you sleep with that woman? If you truly loved Avery, you would have resisted. But you didn’t. You gave in the moment temptation was placed in front of you.” 
“You drugged me. And I didn’t sleep with her.” 
Asher simply shrugged. “That’s not what Avery seems to think.” He stood and walked over to a table, where various tools were laid out like a surgeon about to operate. “It was her idea, you know. The silver needles. She wanted to make you suffer. It was rather cathartic for her.” 
I watched as he picked something up. A knife? No. As he turned to face me, I saw it was a razor blade. Freshly sharpened, from the looks of it. 
“Let’s test my theory, shall we?” Asher said. He walked back over to me and pressed the edge of the blade against my arm. The metal was cold. “All you have to do is tell me the truth. Admit that you don’t want Avery, and never did. Admit that you only want the child. And this will all stop..” 
“No.” 
“No?” Asher pressed the blade down harder. “Are you sure about that?” 
2/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 304
Chapter 304 
+25 Bonus 
I gritted my teeth. “Positive.” 
Asher sighed. Then, he dragged the blade across my arm. Not deep, but enough to draw blood. It was silver. The material burned my skin more than the cut actually did, making me hiss. 
“Try again,” Asher said. 
“No.” 
Another cut. This one was deeper. A trickle of blood ran down my arm, dripping onto the floor. 
“Still lying?” Asher asked. He moved to my other arm and made another cut. Then another. And another. 
Each one felt like it was tearing me apart from the inside out. The silver kept the wounds from healing, kept the pain fresh and raw. He positioned each one between the punctures Avery had left earlier, connecting them like a macabre connect-the- dots painting. 
A map of cuts began to spread across my skin. 
“Just say it,” Asher said. His voice was almost gentle. Almost. “Say you don’t want her, and I’ll stop.” 
The pain was unbearable now. Every nerve in my body was screaming for relief. Even my wolf was whimpering, begging me to just say the words he wanted to hear so it would end. 
But I couldn’t. Not when it was a lie. 
“I… won’t… say… it,” I gasped. 
Asher made another cut. This one was across my chest. I bit down on my tongue to keep from screaming. My nails dug into the arms of the chair. 
“You’re stronger than I thought,” Asher said. He sounded impressed. “But everyone has their breaking point, Gideon. Even you.” 
He kept cutting. Over and over, My arms. My legs. My chest. Shallow cuts that wouldn’t kill me, but would make me wish I was dead. 
My vision was starting to blur again, I couldn’t focus. Couldn’t think. 
“Just say it,” Asher whispered. “Do you truly want Avery? Or is it the child you’re after?” 
3/4 
Chapter 304 
+25 Bonus 
I shook my head weakly. 
Asher pressed the blade against my throat. “Last chance, Alpha.” 
My breath hitched. I glared at him, but he just pressed harder. He wasn’t bluffing. 
“The longer you go without saying it,” he whispered, “the more she’ll suffer.” The blade began to slice across my jugular. Shallow, but enough to make me wince. Enough to make more blood trickle. “The baby will suffer, too. But if you’re good—if you admit how you truly feel-they’ll both live. I’ll let her finish the pregnancy. Hell, out of the goodness of my heart, I’ll even send the baby to you in a nice little box with a bow on it. Alive.” 
I stared at him, searching his face for another lie. But to my surprise, I found none. 
“He’s telling the truth,” my wolf rasped. “If you just say what he wants to hear, both Avery and the baby will be spared. So fucking SAY IT!” 
“I don’t want her.” 
The words slipped out before I could stop them. Asher froze, mouth twitching. 
“Go on…” 
“I don’t want Avery.” My throat bobbed. This was wrong. It was a lie. But if it would spare her and the child… Then I had no choice but to say it. So I shut my eyes and forced the words out. (1 
“I just want the child. Not her.” I scrunched my eyes shut tighter. “Never… Never her.” 
My heart pounded. I hated that I said the words. Hated that I’d succumbed to Asher’s orders. 
But when I opened my eyes, he was smiling wiping the blade on a handkerchief. 
“There,” he whispered, setting aside the razor. “Was that so difficult?” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
? 
support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 305
Chapter 305 
Avery’s POV 
I don’t want Avery. I just want the child. Not her. Never her. 
The words repeated in my head like a broken record. Over and over and over until I couldn’t hear anything else. 
He had come back for the baby. Not for me. 
How long had he known that I was pregnant? Did he know before Asher took me? Did he scent it on me? Was that why he had come back? To get his heir? 
All of it… it was all for an heir. A way to continue his bloodline. I was just the vessel carrying his child. Nothing more. I should have known from the beginning. I supposed I did. I’d always suspected that he only kept me around because he wanted a mate and heirs. Not out of love. 
Now, I was almost certain. 
Maybe that was why he’d slept with that woman without a second thought. Temptation had taken hold of him so easily because he never truly loved me. 
The baby twisted uncomfortably in my stomach, I pressed my hand to my mouth, fighting the urge to retch. My guard finally looked over at me. 
“You alright?” he asked. 
I nodded quickly and turned on my heel. “I’m going back to my tent,” I said abruptly. I brushed past him without another word, still hiding the syringe up my sleeve, and rushed away. I didn’t think about the fact that my plan was going to shit or that I was willingly returning to my prison cell right now. I just needed to be alone. 
By the time I got back to my tent, my mind was already made up. The human lands. That was where I needed to go. Just like in my dream. I would take my baby and disappear. Start a new life where no one could find me. Where I wouldn’t have to be anyone’s pawn ever again, 
No Asher. No Gideon. Just me and my child and my mother, finally living in peace. 
I was so lost in thought that I didn’t notice the tent flap opening until it was too late. 
Asher stepped into my tent. His good eye landed on me immediately. 
“Avery,” he said, stepping forward, “I heard you came to my tent earlier, You wanted to see me?” 
1/4 
+25 Bonus 
I froze. My hand instinctively tucked the syringe further up into my sleeve, heart pounding. 
“I… I came to talk to you,” I stammered out. 
Asher’s gaze swept over me, taking in my appearance. My pale face. The way my hands were shaking. He frowned. 
“Are you unwell?” 
“No, I’m fine.” I forced a smile. “I just needed to speak with you about… about the wedding.” 
Asher studied me for a moment longer, then nodded. “Very well. What do you want to talk about?” 
I hesitated, not sure how to respond. Asher seemed to notice my pause, because his shoulders slumped. 
“I see.” He sighed softly. “You overheard, didn’t you? What Gideon said.” When I still didn’t respond, he went on, “I’m sorry you had to hear that, Avery. Truly. You deserve better.” 
I stared at the ground. My chest felt hollow. 
“I know this is difficult for you, poppet.” Asher took another step closer. He reached out and brushed a strand of hair from my face, tucking it gently behind my ear. “You thought he cared about you. You thought he came here to rescue you because he loved you. But the truth is, he only came for the baby. For his heir.” 
I bit the inside of my cheek until I tasted blood. 
Asher reached into his pocket then and pulled something out: a small vial with a milky liquid inside. He uncorked it and held it out to me. 
“Here,” 
I stared at the vial. I knew what was inside without him even having to say it. The abortion drug. 
“I know what you’re thinking,” Asher said. You think I’m trying to coerce you, or perhaps even force you, to abort the baby you want so dearly.” 
I didn’t take the cup. I didn’t even look at him. 
“The truth is, I don’t want you to be bound to Gideon any longer. This child… It’s a chain that ties you to him. A reminder of what he did to you. Of how he used you.” 
2/4 
+25 Bonus 
He moved closer still until his chest brushed my shoulder. I could smell the liquid in the vial now. It was sweet, like strawberries and cream. His voice was soft when he spoke. Almost kind. 
“You can be free, Avery. All you have to do is drink this. The baby will be gone by morning, and you will never have to think about Gideon again. You and I can start fresh. Build a new life together. Have children of our own. Pure Lycan children who will carry on our legacy.” 
I stared at the vial for another long moment. Then, slowly, my fingers began to reach for me. 
For a moment, I almost wondered if it would be easier to take it. To drink it down and let everything just… end. No more fighting. No more pain. No more impossible choices. 
I could be free. 
But then I thought of my baby. The tiny life growing inside of me. The dream I’d had of the little boy with dark hair, laughing in a field of corn. 
This was my child. Not Gideon’s. Not Asher’s. Mine. 
And I would never betray them. 
I grabbed the vial from Asher’s hand. For a moment, he smiled, thinking I was going to drink it. 
Instead, I threw the contents in his face. 
The liquid splashed across his skin, dripping down his cheek and onto his shirt. He recoiled, wiping at his eye. 
“What the-” 
“I’ll never betray my baby,” I said. My voice was shaking, but the words were firm, ” Never.” 
Asher’s expression darkened. He backpedaled slowly, his fists clenched at his sides. 
“You ungrateful little-” He stopped himself, taking a deep breath, and shook his head. “You’ll regret this, Avery. When Gideon strips you of every ounce of dignity you have left, when he tramples all over the Lycan legacy, you’ll wish you took my advice.” 
Without another word, Asher turned and left. 
3/4 
Chapter 305 
+25 Bonus 
I didn’t move for a long time after he was gone. Not until the camp went quiet and many minutes had passed without him returning. 
Only then did I slip the morphine out of my sleeve and stare at the syringe. 
Dammit. I had every opportunity to finish this, but I had failed. I’d gotten so caught up in my pain that I’d forgotten to do what I’d tasked myself to do. 
But I would not fail next time. My mind was already swirling with possibilities. Tomorrow would be different. 
Tomorrow, I would carry out my plan. I would escape this godforsaken place and leave Asher behind. 
And then, once I was free, I would do what I’d been holding myself back from doing for too long. 
I would leave. Go to the human lands with my mother. Buy some land, start a farm. Work until my hands went raw. But it would be good, fulfilling work. 
And most of all, I would raise my child on my own, without anyone’s help. 
Without Gideon. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 306
Chapter 306 
Avery’s POV 
By morning, I knew what I had to do. 
I couldn’t escape on my own. Not with guards watching my every move, not with Asher breathing down my neck, not with this silver ring keeping my wolf subdued. I needed help. 
And the only person who could help me was Gideon. 
I hated that, after everything, I still needed him. But this wasn’t about love anymore. We needed to survive-both of us. Despite what he’d said, I didn’t want him to die here. I couldn’t just leave him. 
Once we escaped, I would take my mother and disappear into the human lands. Gideon could have his freedom, and I would have mine. We would never have to see each other again. 
But first, I had to find a way to get us both out of here. 
I spent the morning pacing my tent, running through the plan in my head. I needed angelica. It was the only way to trigger Gideon’s transformation. It would force his wolf to break through the silver’s hold and give him the strength to fight back. 
Angelica was a common enough plant in this region. I was sure I could find some. All it would take was one flower to trigger the Demonblood. 
It was dangerous and reckless, but it was also the only way to get the fuck out of here. 
Around midday, I called for my guard. He appeared in the doorway, looking bored as he picked at the dirt under his nails with a small knife. 
“What is it?” he asked without looking at me.. 
“I need to collect more herbs,” I said. I placed my hand on my stomach. “For the baby. The doctor said I should be taking certain plants to ensure a healthy pregnancy.” 
The guard frowned and looked at me through his brows. “You just went out yesterday.” 
“I didn’t collect enough.” I widened my eyes, trying to look helpless. “Please. I’m worried about the baby. If something happens because I didn’t get the right herbs…’ 
He sighed. “Fine. But we’re not going far. I’m sick of following you around all day 
1/4 
Chapter 306 
when I have plenty of better things to be doing.” 
Right… Like staring at women and drinking until he was stupid. 
But I forced a smile. 
“Of course.” 
He led me out of the tent and toward the edge of the camp. I carried my basket, keeping my head down as we passed the cages. Gideon was still there, slumped against the bars. He didn’t look up as I walked by. 
Good. I didn’t want to see him right now anyway. 
+25 Bonus 
We entered the forest, and I immediately started scanning the underbrush. The guard stayed close, watching me with suspicion. I ignored him and knelt beside a patch of chamomile, pretending to examine the flowers. 
“How long is this going to take?” he asked. 
“Not long.” I plucked a few stems and placed them in my basket. “I just need a few more things.” 
I moved deeper into the forest, searching. Where was it? Angelica usually grew near water, in shaded areas where the soil was damp. I spotted a creek up ahead and veered toward it. 
The guard followed, grumbling under his breath. 
Finally, I spotted a cluster of white flowers growing along the bank of the creek. Tall stalks, jagged leaves. Angelica. 
I knelt beside it and plucked several stems, ensuring I got a few good flowers. Perfect. I placed the stems in my basket, covering them with the chamomile. 
The guard was looking at something in the trees, distracted. I took the opportunity to scan the area for anything else useful. 
Just as I was about to leave, I spotted a low-growing plant with dark purple berries and bell-shaped flowers that made me freeze, 
Nightshade. 
But this was not the common variety. This was something rarer. Belladonna nigrum. Death’s Whisper. 
I’d read about it in one of my herbology books back at Nightwolf. It was known for inducing a death-like state-slow pulse, shallow breathing, cold skin. To anyone 
2/4 
Chapter 305 
+25 Bonus 
who didn’t know better, the person appeared dead. But they weren’t. After a few hours, the effects would wear off, and they would wake up as if nothing had happened. 
It was dangerous. If the dosage was wrong, it could actually kill someone. But if used correctly… 
I glanced at the guard. He was still distracted, picking at something stuck in his teeth with the same knife he’d used to clean his nails. 
Quickly, I reached out and plucked a handful of the berries, slipping them into my basket beneath the other plants. Then, I grabbed a few of the leaves for good 
measure. 
This could be useful. Very useful. If I needed to fake my death to escape Asher, or if I needed to disappear in the human lands without anyone coming after me… 
“Are you done yet?” the guard called out. 
“Almost.” I stood and brushed the dirt from my knees. “Just one more thing.” 
I collected a few more harmless plants-lavender, mint, some wild rosemary, and, of course, peppermint to counteract the effects of the angelica-to make it look legitimate. Then, I turned back to the guard. 
“Okay. I’m ready.” 
He grunted and gestured for me to follow him. We walked back through the forest, and I clutched my basket tightly. 
By tonight, I would give Gideon those angelica flowers to eat. And when he did, all hell would break loose. 
We reached the camp, and the guard escorted me back to my tent. I thanked him and stepped inside, setting my basket down on the table. 
(3 
My hands were shaking, but I wiped them on the front of my skirt and took a deep breath. Now was not the time for hesitation. Not like last night. 
Tonight. It had to be tonight. I couldn’t wait any longer. Neither could Gideon, or my baby, 
The plan was simple. I would slip the angélica into Gideon’s cage after dark. Once his wolf took over, he would be able to break free from his cage. The chaos would give me the opportunity to slip into Asher’s tent, 
There, I would do what needed to be done. 
3/4 
#25 Bonus 
And once Gideon and I had escaped from camp and were far enough away, once we were safe, I’d part ways with him. He could go back to Nightwolf. I would take my mother and disappear into the human lands 
It wasn’t perfect. There were a dozen things that could go wrong. But it was the only chance I had. 
I pulled the angelica from my basket and carefully removed the petals, ensuring I picked only the best, most potent ones for Gideon to consume. There could be no mistakes tonight; he had to transform. This had to work. 
Then, I examined the nightshade berries. They were small, about the size of peas, and dark as ink. I counted them. Eight berries. Enough for a single dose, maybe two if I was careful. 
I tucked them into a small pouch and hid it in the bodice of my dress. Just in case. 
The sun was already starting to set. In a few hours, the camp would be quiet. The guards would be drowsy from their evening meal. The rogues would be drunk or asleep. 
That was when I would make my move. 
I sat down on my bed and took a deep breath. My heart was pounding, but my mind was clear. 
Tonight, I was getting the fuck out of here. 
BIG SALE: 2500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
4/4 
4830004 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 307
Chapter 307 
Avery’s POV 
The camp was quiet when I slipped out of my tent. 
My guard had fallen asleep at his post, head lolling against a wooden barrel. I’d slipped a small dose of valerian into his dinner. It wasn’t enough to knock him out completely, but enough to make him drowsy. He wouldn’t wake for a little while. 
I kept to the shadows, moving between the tents with practiced ease now that I’d done this so many times before. The angelica petals were wrapped in cloth and tucked into my pocket. The syringe of morphine was hidden in my other pocket, ready. 
Gideon’s cage came into view. He was awake, sitting with his back against the bars. His head lifted as I approached. 
I didn’t say anything I just pulled out the angelica and slipped it through the bars. 
“Eat these. Be ready. Follow my lead.” 
Gideon opened the tissue and flinched, jumping back. He stared at me. “What the hell?” 
“Just trust me,” I said. “This is the only way you’ll be strong enough to break out of here.” 
He was silent for a long moment. Then, he took the petals. 
“When?” he asked. 
“I’ll signal you. Be ready,” 
I turned and walked away before he could say anything else. 
I positioned myself near Asher’s tent, crouching behind a stack of crates. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it might burst out of my chest, but I forced myself to stay calm. 
I pulled out the syringe and checked it one last time. The morphine was still there, the needle sharp and ready. 
Then, I looked back toward Gideon’s cage and raised my hand. I waved it twice. 
That was the signal. 
For a moment, nothing happened. A few minutes passed. Finally, I heard a low, 
1/4 
+25 Bonus 
guttural growl. 
The growl turned into a snarl, then a roar. I heard the sound of metal screeching as Gideon threw himself against the bars of his cage. Once. Twice. Three times. 
The cage buckled, then burst open. 
Shouts erupted from all directions. Rogues poured out of their tents and converged on Gideon’s cage, trying to contain the feral wolf. But Gideon was already loose. I caught a glimpse of him just before he lunged at the nearest rogue and tore into him. 
The camp descended into chaos. 
I didn’t wait. I slipped into Asher’s tent while everyone was distracted. 
He was sitting at his table, studying a map. He looked up when I entered, one eye narrowing. 
“Avery? What are you- 
” 
I didn’t let him finish. I lunged forward and drove the syringe into his neck. 
Asher roared and grabbed my wrist, yanking the needle out. But it was too late. The morphine was already in his bloodstream. 
He backhanded me across the face, and I went sprawling. My head hit the ground hard, and stars burst across my vision. 
“You little bitch,” Asher snarled. He stalked toward me, but I could see his his movements already slowing. He pressed his hand to his neck. “What did you do?” 
“What I should have done days ago, you fucking monster.” 
He lunged again with a snarl. Before he could reach me, I scrambled to my feet and grabbed the nearest thing I could find-a heavy candlestick. I swung it at his head. Asher caught it with one hand and ripped it from my grasp. Then, he grabbed me by the throat and slammed me against the table. 
“I should have taken you the moment you arrived,” he hissed. “I should have locked you up like all the other slaves and made you bear my Lycan children until your body gave out,” 
I clawed at his hand, gasping for air. My vision was starting to go dark. 
But then, his grip faltered. His hand trembled, and he staggered back. 
The morphine was kicking in. 
2/4 
Chapter 307 
+25 Bonus 
guttural growl. 
The growl turned into a snarl, then a roar. I heard the sound of metal screeching as Gideon threw himself against the bars of his cage. Once. Twice. Three times. 
The cage buckled, then burst open. 
Shouts erupted from all directions. Rogues poured out of their tents and converged on Gideon’s cage, trying to contain the feral wolf. But Gideon was already loose. I caught a glimpse of him just before he lunged at the nearest rogue and tore into him. 
The camp descended into chaos. 
I didn’t wait. I slipped into Asher’s tent while everyone was distracted. 
He was sitting at his table, studying a map. He looked up when I entered, one eye narrowing. 
“Avery? What are you-” 
I didn’t let him finish. I lunged forward and drove the syringe into his neck. 
Asher roared and grabbed my wrist, yanking the needle out. But it was too late. The morphine was already in his bloodstream. 
He backhanded me across the face, and I went sprawling. My head hit the ground hard, and stars burst across my vision. 
“You little bitch,” Asher snarled. He stalked toward me, but I could see his his movements already slowing. He pressed his hand to his neck. “What did you do?” 
“What I should have done days ago, you fucking monster.” 
He lunged again with a snarl. Before he could reach me, I scrambled to my feet and grabbed the nearest thing I could find-a heavy candlestick. I swung it at his head. Asher caught it with one hand and ripped it from my grasp. Then, he grabbed me by the throat and slammed me against the table. 
“I should have taken you the moment you arrived,” he hissed. “I should have locked you up like all the other slaves and made you bear my Lycan children until your body gave out.” 
I clawed at his hand, gasping for air. My vision was starting to 
go 
dark. 
But then, his grip faltered. His hand trembled, and he staggered back. 
The morphine was kicking in. 
274 
199849 
I coughed and sucked in a lungful of air, the grabbed the candlestick from the ground and swung it again. This time, it connected with his ribs. He doubled over with a grunt. 
“You’re going to regret this,” he wheezed. 
“No,” I said, “You are.” 
I hit him again. And again. Until he collapsed onto the floor. 
I stood over him, panting, Blood dripped from a cut on my forehead, and my throat ached where he’d grabbed me. But I was all. And he wasn’t getting up. 
I 
I crouched down and rifled through his pockets until I found the keys. Then, I leaned close to his ear. 
“Rot in hell,” I whispered. 
I left him there and ran. 
The camp was burning now. Somewhere in the chaos, a tent had caught fire, and the flames were spreading fast. Rogues were running everywhere, some trying to put out the fire, others still trying to subdue Gideons wolf. 
I ran toward the slave kennels. The cages were locked, and the slaves inside were huddled together, terrified. I fumbled with the keys until I found the right one, then unlocked the first cage. 
“Run!” I yelled, moving to the next cage. “Get out of here! Head west, toward Nightwolf territory!” 
I unlocked the next cage, then the next. By the time I’d freed the last one, my hands were shaking so badly I could barely hold the keys. 
Lindsey was in the final cage. She stared at me, wide-eyed. 
“Go,” I said. “Run. Don’t look back.” 
She nodded and took off with the others. 
With that finished, I turned and ran back toward the center of the camp, Gideon’s wolf was still raging, tearing through rogues like they were made of paper. Bodies littered the ground. 
I had to stop him. If he kept this up, he’d kill everyone-including himself. And me. 
I pulled the peppermint from my pocket and crushed it between my fingers. The scent was strong, like a fresh tube of toothpaste. I ran toward Gideon and threw the 
3/4 
+25 Bonus 
crushed leaves at his snout. 
The wolf froze. His head whipped toward me, yellow eyes blazing. 
“Gideon,” I said. My voice was shaking. “It’s me. It’s Avery. You need to calm down.” 
The wolf snarled, but the rage in his eyes was starting to fade. He shook his head, snorting at the peppermint scent. 
“Come on,” I said. “We need to go. Now.” 
The wolf stared at me for another moment, then shifted. Gideon collapsed onto the ground, gasping. 
“Avery…” 
“Get up,” I said. I grabbed his arm and hauled him to his feet. “We don’t have time.” 
We ran toward the edge of the camp. Tegan and a handful of Gideon’s men were waiting there. I wasn’t sure how Gideon had contacted them. Maybe it was just lucky timing, or maybe they’d seen the flames and came running. 
“Alpha!” Tegan shouted. He skidded to a halt when he saw me. “Luna!” 
“The slaves,” I said. “They’re heading west. Make sure they’re safe. Take care of them.” 
Tegan nodded. “We will.” 
Gideon looked at me. “You’re coming with us, right?” 
I opened my mouth to answer, but before I could, a voice cut through the chaos. 
“Going somewhere, poppet?” 
I turned. Asher was standing at the edge of the camp, half-paralyzed and leaning heavily against a tree. His face was pale, but he was alive. 
And he was furious. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
4/4 
Epter Ne 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 308
Chapter 308 
Gideon’s POV 
My men moved forward, ready to attack Asher. He was weak. His camp was in chaos behind him. Half of the rogues had already died or fled during my rampage. Tegan reached for his weapon, preparing to kill the fucker. 
But I held my arm out to stop my Beta. 
“Stop,” I said. 
Tegan froze mid-step. “Alpha?” 
I stepped in front of them, blocking their path. “This man is mine to kill.” 
Asher laughed. It was a wet, rasping sound. Still playing the hero, are we? Even after everything? Or are you just that much of a narcissist that you want all the glory for yourself?” 
“This has nothing to do with being a hero.” walked toward him, fists clenched. ” You’ve fucked with my mate enough. This ends here. Now.” 
Asher pushed himself off the tree and straightened as much as he could. Something was in his system. My nostrils flared, and I scented something chemical. I glanced at Avery, and she simply nodded. 
“Morphine,” her voice whispered through our bond. 
“A duel, then?” Asher spread his arms wide and grinned. 
“If you want to call it that.” I stopped a few feet away from him. “Either going to beat you until there’s nothing left to beat.” 
way, I’m 
“Bold words for a man who was just in a cage until a girl had to come and save him.” Asher wiped a fleck of blood from his mouth “But fine. Let’s see what you’ve got, Alpha Gideon.” 
He lunged at me before I could react, moving faster than I expected. His fist connected with my jaw, and I stumbled back Pain exploded through my skull, making my head spin. Maybe I wasn’t in the best condition to be fighting right now. But somehow, maybe out of pure spite, I managed to stay upright. 
swung back, catching him in the ribs, He grunted and doubled over, but recovered quickly and drove his shoulder into my stomach. We both went down. 
Asher grabbed my throat and squeezed. His fingers dug into my windpipe, cutting 
1/4 
Chapter 308 
+25 Bonus 
off my air. I clawed at his hands, trying to pry them loose, but his grip was like a vise. 
“You think you’re better than me?” he hissed. His face was inches from mine, his breath hot and rancid. “You think you deserve her?” 
I drove my knee into his side. He gasped and his grip loosened just enough for me to break free. I shoved him off and rolled away gasping for air. 
We both staggered to our feet. Asher was panting and swaying slightly. The drugs were taking their toll now, slowing his movements, making him sloppy. 
“She’s special,” A 
said. He wiped the sweat from his brow. “Avery. 
She’s not just some pretty face. She’s a tool. A means to an end. The key to rebuilding the Lycan empire.” 
“She’s not a tool,” I snarled. 
“You’re using her too, Gideon,” Asher sneered. “For your heir. For your pack. Don’t pretend you’re any different than me.” 
“I’m nothing like you.” 
“You’re a lot more like me than you think, Gideon. We just want different things, that’s all. I want my people back. You want to protect yours. And the same woman just happens to be the key to both of us accomplishing our goals.” 
“What a horrible outlook on life.” I circled him slowly. “I used to think like that. I used to see people the way you do. As stepping stones for the next big thing in life. I pity you, Asher. I feel sorry that, along with your eye, you lost your empathy.” 
Asher snorted, “What, and you think you ever had a lick of empathy to begin with? Don’t try and tell me, Gideon, that the little hybrid bastard growing in Avery’s belly changed you into a better man, You’re still rotten at your core. People don’t change other people so easily,” 
“Maybe not.” I raised my fists. “But Avery is different, like you said. She did change me. For the better. Perhaps I’ve still got a long way to go, but that’s the thing: I’ve got the time to do it. And you? You just ran out.” 
I lunged at him again. This time, he was too slow to dodge. My fist connected with his face, and I heard the crack of bone. He staggered back, blood pouring from his nose. I didn’t stop. I hit him again. And again. Each blow drove him further back, closer to the edge of the camp where the ground dropped off into the steep ravine of Matthew’s Gulch. 
Finally, Asher collapsed. He was on his knees now, swaying, barely conscious, teeth 
2/4 
Chapter 308 
+25 Bonus 
coated in blood. I grabbed him by the collar and dragged him to the edge of the cliff. 
Below, the ravine yawned open. Jagged rocks and broken trees jutted up from the darkness below. 
“Any last words?” I asked. 
? 
Asher looked up at me. His good eye was swollen shut now, his face a mess of blood and bruises. But he still managed to smile. 
“You’ll regret lowering yourself like this,” he wheezed. “She’ll never love you back. Not after what you said. Not after what you did.” 
“You don’t know that. You don’t know anything.” 
I released him and stepped back. Asher slumped forward, coughing. 
But then I felt something prick my leg. And a moment later, warmth flooded my bloodstream. 
I looked down to see that Asher had plunged a needle into my leg. 
Morphine. 
“Fuck…” 
My legs gave out a moment later. My body was still weak from everything, starved and broken, and it made the morphine take its course quickly. I collapsed onto the ground. My vision was already starting to blur. 
Asher slowly pushed himself to his feet and stood over me, swaying. “See you in hell, Gideon.” 
My men were on him a second later. Tegan and the others surrounded him, snarling, pointing their weapons. 
Asher looked at them, then at the ravine behind hitn. 
He smiled and spread his arms wide, “This might be the end of the road for me, Gideon,” he said, “but I’ve done my part. The seeds have been planted. And, unfortunately for you, the woman who you claimed to be your guiding angel is already gone, because she only sees a devil in you.” 
I blinked at him. What was he saying? I tried to turn my head toward Avery, but everything was in slow motion, 
“Long live the Lycan empire,” he said. 
3/4 
Chapter 308 
+25 Bonus 
Then, he stepped backward and fell. 
Silence washed over the cliffside. A moment later, I heard the sickening crunch of his body hitting the jagged rocks, echoing up from the ravine below. I wanted so badly to crawl toward the edge and see it, if only to confirm it with my own eyes, but I couldn’t. My body wouldn’t respond. My wolf was exhausted. The world was starting to turn dark around the edges. 
“Alpha!” Tegan was at my side in an instant, shaking my shoulder. “Alpha, stay with me!” 
I tried to respond, but my tongue felt thick and heavy. My eyelids drooped. 
I turned my head, searching for Avery. She’d been standing right there, just a moment ago, before the fight. 
But when I looked, she was gone. 
“Avery?” I whispered. 
I swore I saw movement in the bushes. Or maybe that was just my imagination playing tricks on me. 
Finally, the morphine took hold, and the world went dark. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 309
Chapter 309 
Avery’s POV 
I left while Gideon was still fighting Asher on the cliffside. 
Guilt and regret consumed me as I heard those snarls echo in the distance. Flames licked at the treetops behind me, the camp’s fires having caught the brush during the fight. Still, I didn’t stop. Not even when every step was agony. Not even when I started to cry, my vision blurring with tears. 
I just kept moving. 
The forest was dark and unfamiliar, but in wolf form, I managed to find the trail. I followed the stars west, toward Nightwolf territory. Toward my mother. 
Had to get to her. I had to get us both out of here before Gideon came looking for me. 
Because he would come looking. I knew that much. Not because he loved me, but because I was carrying his heir. His precious bloodline. And he would stop at nothing to ensure he got it. 
My chest ached at the thought that the man once loved would see me as nothing more than a broodmare, but I shoved the feeling down. There was no time for heartbreak right now. That could come later once I was safely in the human lands, but now I needed to focus on my mother. 
By the time I reached Nightwolf territory, the sun was rising. The estate loomed ahead, exactly as I remembered it. 
I approached the gate, and the guards recognized me immediately. Their eyes widened. 
“Luna Avery?” one of them stammered. 
I didn’t respond. I just pushed past them and headed toward the estate, 
My mother’s room was on the second floor, took the stairs two at a time, ignoring the burning in my legs. When I reached her door, I didn’t bother knocking. I just shoved it open. 
The room was empty. 
“Mom?” 
I stepped inside, looking around. The bed was made. Her things were still on the dresser. But she wasn’t here. 
1/3 
Chapter 309 
+25 Bonus 
A cold feeling settled over me. Something was wrong. I turned and ran back into the hallway, nearly colliding with a servant. 
“Where’s my mother?” I demanded. 
The servant’s face went pale. “I… I don’t know, Luna. I haven’t seen her since yesterday.” 
“Yesterday?” I took a step forward. “Where was she yesterday?” 
“In her room. But then Deirdre-” 
Deirdre. I should have known. 1 
I searched the entire estate. The kitchen. The library. The garden. My mother wasn’t anywhere, and neither was Deirdre. 
Finally, I searched Deirdre’s room. It still smelled like her, the air cloying with her perfume. It was pristine, the bed made, everything hanging in perfect order in the closet. I bit my lip, looking around. 
Suddenly, I spotted something near the bed. It was dark and grainy, and when I crouched, running my fingers across it, I realized that it was dirt. Curious, I peeked under the bed, and saw a dark shape. I reached out, barely having enough wingspan to reach it, then pulled it out. 
It was a rope. Thin and short, like it had been cut from a longer one. The fibers were caked with mud. 
I lifted it to my nose and inhaled. 
Rosemary. 
There was an abandoned greenhouse at the edge of the property. No one went there anymore since the glass had been shattered during a storm ages ago, before I came here. It was overgrown and remote, and mostly just a place for small critters to call 
home now. 
It was the perfect place to hide. And if she had my mother, perhaps as some kind of revenge plot… 
I ran toward the greenhouse without hesitating. My body burned now, but I didn’t stop. Finally, the greenhouse came into view, its glass walls clouded with dirt and algae. The door was ajar. 
I slipped inside. 
22/3 
Chapter 309 
+25 Bonus 
The air was thick and humid, heavy with the smell of rotting plants and stagnant water—and old rosemary from the multiple pots of it near the door, which were all overgrown now. 
“Mom!” I rushed forward. 
My mother was tied to a chair in the center of the room, unconscious and gagged. The same rope I’d found under Deirdre’s bed was binding her to the chair. 
And there, in the center of the room, was my mother. 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 310
Chapter 310 
Before I could reach her, something slammed into my back. 
I hit the ground hard. Pain exploded through my ribs. I tried to roll away, but a foot pressed on my back, pinning me down. 
“Well, well, well.” Deirdre’s voice was almost giddy with glee. “Look who decided to come crawling back.” 
I twisted beneath her foot, trying to break free, but she just pressed harder. My ribs screamed in protest. 
“Let her go,” I gasped. 
“Why would I do that?” Deirdre crouched down beside me, grabbing a fistful of my hair and yanking my head back. “You ruined everything. You took Gideon from me. You turned him against me.” 
“My mother is innocent- 
” 
“She’s not innocent!” She slammed my face into the ground. My nose crunched, and fresh blood poured down my chin. “She raised you, didn’t she? She’s just as bad as you are.” 
Deirdre hauled me up and threw me across the room. I hit a table and collapsed, gasping. 
My vision blurred. Everything hurt. My body was already so weak from the days of captivity, from the torture, from the escape. I had nothing left. I tried to push myself up, but my arms gave out, I slumped back down. 
}) 
“Gideon told me how he really feels about you, you know.” Deirdre knelt beside me. He said he didn’t want you. He only wanted an heir with you because you’re his mate. Even from the beginning, he just knew he needed to do what was necessary for the future of his pack. He couldn’t stand you,” 
“Go to hell,” I whispered. 
Deirdre laughed. “I think I’ll be doing him a favor by getting rid of you,” she whispered. “He always said he thought it would be easier if you were just dead.” Then, she grabbed me by the throat and slammed me against the wall. Her nails dug into my skin, right over the bruises Asher had left. 
I clawed at her hands, trying to pry them loose, but I was too weak. My vision started to vignette around the edges. 
1/3 
Chapter 310 
+25 Bonus 
Behind Deirdre, I saw my mother stirring. Her eyes opened, and she looked at me. Her face was pale. Deirdre released me, and collapsed onto the ground. 
“You know what? I was going to kill you quickly,” Deirdre said. She walked over to a nearby table and picked up a knife. “But I think I’ll take my time instead.” 
She crouched beside my mother and pressed the blade against her throat. 
“No…” I tried to stand, but my legs wouldn’t cooperate. “Please…” 
“Beg all you want,” Deirdre said. “It won’t change anything.” 
She drew the knife across my mother’s throat. Not deep enough to kill, but enough to make her scream. 
I forced myself to my feet. My body was screaming, but I didn’t care. I lunged at Deirdre and tackled her to the ground. 
We struggled. I managed to get a couple of good hits in. I grabbed her face with my hand and shoved it aside, smearing my fingers across her mouth and teeth. She froze for a moment, disoriented and in pain from my nail scraping her gum. But she was stronger than me, better fed, better rested. She punched me, then flipped me onto my back and straddled me, raising the knife. 
“Goodbye, Avery.” 
I grabbed her wrist, but I couldn’t stop her. The blade came down, aiming for my chest. 
At the last second, I managed to twist. The knife plunged into my shoulder instead. Pain exploded through me, white-hot and blinding. 
Deirdre yanked the knife out and raised it again. 
I couldn’t move, Couldn’t breathe. This was it. This was how I died. 
But then I felt something beneath my hand. It was hard and cold and heavy. I curled my fingers around it. 
Deirdre brought the knife down again, 
I swung the stone with everything I had left. 
Moments before the knife plunged into my chest, the rock connected with her temple. 
Deirdre’s eyes went wide. She froze, the knife still raised. Then, eyelashes fluttering, she slumped sideways and collapsed onto the ground beside me. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 311
Chapter 311 
Avery’s POV 
I lay there for a long moment, staring at Deirdre’s still form. 
She wasn’t moving. 
I crawled over to her and pressed my fingers against her neck, searching for a pulse. I didn’t feel anything. 
I looked up at my mom, too stunned to speak. She stared back, still gagged, but my realization was reflected in her watery eyes. 
I’d killed Deirdre. 
Gideon would never forgive this. He would lock me up. Throw me in the dungeons. Maybe even execute me for murdering someone in his pack. 
It didn’t matter that she’d been trying to kill me and my mother. It didn’t matter that she’d escaped custody and taken a hostage. All that would matter was that I’d killed her. 
And Gideon would take my baby away. 
The thought of my child being taken from me was far worse than the threat of imprisonment. He would take my child and raise it without me. I would rot in a cell while he moved on with his life, his precious heir in hand. 
I couldn’t let that happen. 
I forced myself to stand. My shoulder screamed where the knife had gone in, but I ignored it. I stumbled over to my mother and removed her gag, then started working at the ropes. 
“We have to go,” I said. My voice didn’t sound like mine. It was flat and distant beneath the rushing of blood in my ears, “We have to leave. Right now.” 
“What?” 
“I just killed Deirdre.” The ropes came loose, and my mother slumped forward. I caught her before she could fall. “And when Gideon finds out, he’ll come for me. For us. For my baby,” 
My mother’s eyes widened, She looked past me at Deirdre’s body, then back at me.” Avery, sweetheart, no. It was self-defense. He’ll understand-” 
“He won’t.” I helped her to her feet. “He doesn’t love me, Mom. He never did. He 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
only wanted the baby. And now that I’ve killed someone in his pack, he’ll have every reason to lock me up and take my child.” 
“But 
“We’re going to the human lands. Tonight.” I looked around the greenhouse, my mind racing. “But first, I need to make sure he doesn’t follow us.” 
I couldn’t just disappear. Gideon would search for me. He would tear apart every comer of the territory until he found me. I’d seen how relentless he could be. 
So I needed to make him think I was dead. 
I reached into my pocket, searching for the nightshade berries, but they were gone- likely fell out at some point during the altercation, or before that. It didn’t matter, anyway. I couldn’t leave my body behind; Gideon would know when I woke up from the berries’ effects. I had to think of something else. 
I knelt down beside Deirdre and, wincing, I smeared my fingers across the wound on my shoulder. The pain was immediate and sharp, making me gnash my teeth, but I managed to gather enough blood and smear it onto Deirdre’s throat, making it look like I’d bled onto her during the altercation. 
Then, I began to remove my shirt. 
“Avery, what are you doing?” my mother gasped. 
“Making it look real” I ripped my shirt, then dropped it on the ground. Rolled it around in the dirt a little, although it was already quite soiled. 
Once I was finished, I sat back on my haunches, biting the inside of my cheek. The torn shirt and blood made it look like I’d gotten severely injured during the fight, but it wasn’t enough, Gideon would know it was staged. At the very least, he would smell that I was still alive and possibly still nearby. He would follow my scent. 
Unless I gave him a reason not to. 
I stared down at my hand. Then, I looked at the knife Deirdre had stabbed me with, or 
There was only one way to make this convincing. 
“Mom,” I said quietly, picking up the knife, ‘I need you to trust me.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 312
Chapter 312 
“What are you going to do?” 
I splayed my fingers in the dirt, separating my pinky from the rest. “I’m going to cut off my finger.” 
My mother went pale. “What? No. Avery, you can’t do that!” 
“Please trust me.” I swallowed down the lump in my throat and positioned the knife over my pinky. If I could just get it in one swift move, it would be over quickly. The bones in that finger were small and delicate. I just needed to persevere. “If I leave a piece of myself behind, Gideon will think I was attacked by wild animals. That they dragged me off and ate me. He won’t come looking for a corpse.’ 
}) 
My mother shot to her feet, but crumpled immediately, falling to her knees. “Don’t do this!” she pleaded. “Avery, this is insane” 
“I can heal it.” I met her eyes. “I healed Gideon’s wounds before. I can heal this too.” 
My mother stared at me. Tears were streaming down her face. “Avery, you can’t-” 
I didn’t give her a chance to finish. I took a deep breath, steadying myself. 
Just do it, I thought to myself. Quick. Like ripping off a bandage. 
The breath loosed from my lips just as I brought the knife down. 
The pain was unlike anything I’d felt before. I bit down on my lip to keep from screaming. The blade hit the bone. Blood poured onto the dirt, pooling around my hand. 
74 
My vision went white. I thought I might pass out. 
But the finger came free. 
I gasped and pulled my hand back, cradling it against my chest. Blood was everywhere. The severed finger lay on the ground, pale and lifeless. 
My mother was beside me in an instant. “Oh, Avery, Oh, sweetheart. 
I couldn’t speak. The pain was too much, Bu I forced myself to focus. I had to heal it. 
I closed my eyes and reached for the moonlight. Even in the greenhouse, even with the sun rising, I could feel it. The Moon Goddess’s power flowing through me, like a cool hand on my shoulder. 
I placed my good hand over the wound and focused. 
1/2 
Chapter 312 
+25 Bonus 
Warmth spread through my palm. I felt the flesh beginning to knit back together, the bone regrowing. It was slow and agonizing, but it was working. 
When I opened my eyes, my hand was whole again, and the wound in my chest had closed, too, although I was still covered in blood. 
My mother stared with her mouth agape. “How…?” 
“I told you.” I flexed my new finger. It looked exactly like the old one. “The Moon Goddess gave me this gift.” 
I stood and wiped the blood off on my underclothes. I picked up the severed finger and placed it near the door. I didn’t need to do much else; the rest would be obvious. Deirdre was still laying on the ground, unconscious, and the greenhouse was a mess from the fight. 
“We need to go,” I said. “Now, before anyone comes looking.” 
My mother nodded. She was still staring at my hand, but she didn’t argue. 
We left through the back of the greenhouse and headed toward the forest. I knew there was a river about a mile east. If we followed it downstream, it would take us to the border. From there, we could catch a boat to the human lands. 
By the time we reached the river, the sun was high overhead. I could hear shouting and the barking of wolves in the distance. Gideon must have returned and was searching for us. We picked up our pace, crossing the river to dull our scents, then followed it downstream. 
It took hours. But finally, somehow, exhausted, bloody, and dirty, we reached the border. There was a small dock there, and a boat tied to the post. 
I helped my mother into the boat and untied the rope. The current grabbed us immediately, pulling us downstream. 
Behind us, I heard the shouting grow closer The howls of wolves echoed in the air. I didn’t look back. I just grabbed the oars and started rowing. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 313
Chapter 313 
Gideon’s POV 
I woke to the sound of voices. Tegan was crouched beside me, shaking my shoulder. 
“Alpha. Alpha, wake up.” 
My eyes cracked open. The sky overhead was bright, burning my bleary eyes. I groaned and tried to sit up, but my body felt like it had been steamrolled, and everything hurt. 
“What happened?” I croaked. 
“Asher injected you with morphine. You’ve been out for two hours.” Tegan helped me to my feet. “We need to get you back to the estate. You need medical attention.” 
I shook my head, trying to clear it. Everything was hazy. The fight. Asher falling over the cliff. And then… 
“Avery.” I looked around. “Where’s Avery?” 
Tegan’s expression darkened. “We don’t know. She disappeared during the fight. We searched the area, but there’s no sign of her” 
“She must havegone back to Nightwolf,” I said. “To get her mother.” 
The journey was long and excruciating. I moved a lot slower than I should have, what with my injuries and the morphine still in my system. By the time I reached the estate, it was midday. 
I searched for Avery, but she wasn’t there. Neither was her mother. 
Or Deirdre, apparently. 
H 
She’d escaped from her cell at some point while I was gone. I found out the moment that I stepped into the house, finding chaos. Guard’s were running around frantically. They told me that she ran off and they couldn’t find her, 
The search eventually led us to the abandoned greenhouse at the edge of the property. The second I walked in, my heart dropped, 
Deirdre was on the ground. There was blood pooling beneath her head, and her eyes were closed. I rushed over, kneeling, and tried to wake her, but she didn’t stir. She was… dead. 
Growling low in my throat, I looked around. The scent of blood hung heavy in the air, but it wasn’t just Deirdre’s. I scented Avery’s blood, and my stomach dropped when I 
1/3 
Chapter 313 
+25 Bonus 
saw the source. 
A torn, bloody shirt was laying in the corner. I picked it up and inhaled deeply-it was definitely Avery’s. I looked around some more, and that was when I spotted it. 
Something that looked an awful lot like a finger was laying in the dirt. 
My stomach turned. Dropping the shirt, I picked it up, examining it. It was small and pale, covered in dirt and blood, perfectly severed from the hand. I recognized it immediately. 
It was Avery’s finger. 
I dropped it and staggered back. No. No, this couldn’t be happening. 
The scent of death was everywhere. Blood was on the floor and on the walls. Deirdre’s body was laying in the center of the room, evidence of a nasty fight. Avery’s clothes were torn and red with blood. A chair with ropes hanging from it was overturned. 
What the hell had happened here? Had Avery intentionally tied Deirdre to a chair and killed her, then panicked and ran? 
Or… Had Avery killed Deirdre in self defense? Then, had she stumbled off into the forest, bleeding and injured and missing a finger…? 
The implications were staggering. 
Without hesitating, I ran outside and shifted, following Avery’s scent. It led toward the forest, faint and mixed with blood. I followed it for miles and miles, but strangely, I never found her. At first, I thought that had to be a good sign-I hadn’t found a body yet. 
Eventually, the trail led to a river. Her scent stopped there. 
“Search the river!” I commanded my men. She could have drowned!” 
“Sir!” Tegan called after me, I was already shifting, running downstream. “Sir, there’s no way she made it this far! Not if she was that injured!” 
I didn’t care. I just kept moving. If she was trying to run, fearing that I would imprison her for killing Deirdre, then she would have followed the river. She would have gone downstream. I raced along the bank, searching, and eventually, I came upon an old, rickety dock. 
Shifting back, I stood on the dock, staring at the water. The current was strong. If she’d been injured like that, she wouldn’t have been able to swim. 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 314 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 314
“Avery!” I shouted. My voice echoed across the water. “AVERY!” 
Nothing but a silent forest answered me. 
I collapsed to my knees. She was gone. And judging by the blood, the severed finger, the death… 
She might not even be alive. 
639 
Avery’s POV 
The boat ride took two days. 
My mother and I huddled in the bottom of the boat, taking turns rowing. The current did most of the work, but we had to steer around rocks and fallen trees. 
By the time we reached the human lands, my hands were blistered and raw, but we’d made it. 
The town we found ourselves in was small and unremarkable: a fishing village with weathered buildings and dirt roads. The people who lived there didn’t ask questions. They took one look at us and pointed us toward a boarding house. 
The landlady didn’t ask why we were there, which I appreciated. She just showed us to a tiny room on the second floor and told us the rent was due at the end of the week. 
The room was barely big enough for a bed and a small table. The wallpaper was peeling, and the floorboards creaked. But it was ours. My mother collapsed onto the bed as soon as the landlady left. I sat beside her, staring at the wall. 
We’d made it. We were safe. 
So why did I feel so hollow? 
Over the next few days, I found work at a nearby farm. The pay was terrible, and the work was backbreaking, but it was enough to cover rent and food. My mother couldn’t work much, but the landlady let her work the front desk for free dinners. 
A week after we arrived, I went to see a doctor. He was my first human doctor, and for the first time, I was met without discrimination. He examined me carefully, asking questions about my health, and didn’t care about my pack status or my past or anything. He just cared about me and my baby, 
When he was finished with the examination he smiled. “You’re about three months 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
along. The baby is healthy.” 
Relief washed over me the moment I heard those words. As long as my baby was okay, that was all that mattered. 
When I got back to the room, my mother was sitting at the table. She looked up when I entered. 
“How did it go?” she asked. 
“The baby’s fine.” I sat down across from her and smiled. “Healthy.” 
“That’s good.” We sat in silence for a moment. Then she said, “You know, when you were missing, Gideon was really worried about you. Are you sure you don’t want to at least write a letter? 
I stiffened. “Even if he seemed worried, it was just for the baby. Not for me.’ 
“You don’t know that for certain.” 
“He said it himself, Mom. He doesn’t want me. He just wants an heir.” I stood and walked to the window, staring out at the street below. “And now he thinks I’m dead. Which is exactly what I want.” 
My mother sighed, but she didn’t argue further. She knew that I’d made my decision, and there was no going back now. I was never returning to the packs. Never returning to Gideon. 
This was the right choice. It had to be. 
I would work hard. Save money. Eventually, we could afford a little house with a garden, just like in my dream. I would raise my child here, surrounded by humans who didn’t care about Lycans or Omegas or wolves. Even if it took an entire lifetime of back breaking word, I would ensure my dream became a reality. 
And most of all, I would ensure that Gideon would never find us. 
I would raise my child without him, And he would never know that I had survived the fight in the greenhouse. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 315
Chapter 315 
Gideon’s POV 
Tegan found me at the dock three hours later. 
+25 Bonus 
I was still kneeling there, staring at the water. I hadn’t moved a muscle. Hadn’t torn my eyes away from the shore, as if Avery would wash up at any moment, alive and gasping for breath and reaching for me. 
“Alpha.” The Beta placed his hand on my shoulder. “We need to go back to the estate. It’s getting late, and the evidence needs to be analyzed before it sits for too long.” 
“She’s out there somewhere,” I said, not answering him. I clenched my fists, scraping my nails against the rough wood of the dock. “I can feel it.” 
Tegan sighed quietly. “Sir, we’ve searched the forest for miles all around. There is no trace of her beyond this point. The current is too strong for someone in her condition to swim. If she got in the water, then she might have-” 
“Don’t.” I stood and walked away. “Don’t say it.” 
The journey back to the pack was silent. I shifted and ran alongside Tegan and the others, but my mind was elsewhere. I kept replaying everything we’d found in my head. The greenhouse. The blood. The finger. 
Avery’s finger. 
Goddess, I really hoped she had survived. But the chances seemed slim to none right 
now. 
When we reached the estate, Tegan immediately assembled a team to investigate the abandoned greenhouse, I watched from the doorway as they combed through the greenhouse, collecting evidence, 
They measured the blood spatter. Gathered the bloody clothes, Placed my mate’s little finger in a plastic baggy like it was nothing. 
It took hours for them to fully analyze the scene, I paced outside, unable to sit still for a moment. Each second that passed felt like another second that Avery could be out there somewhere, bleeding, afraid, and in need of help, But Tegan was right; the evidence needed to be analyzed. That was the only way now to find Avery. 
D 
Finally, Tegan emerged from the greenhouse. His face was pale as he peeled off the plastic gloves he’d been wearing. 
THE S 
1/2 
Chopter 
+25 Bonus 
“What did you find?” I demanded, storming up to him. 
He hesitated. “Perhaps we should discuss this in private.” 
“No. Tell me. Now.” 
Tegan glanced at the others, then back at me. “It appears that Avery may have removed Deirdre from her cell at some point last night. We believe that she drugged her with this.” He held up an evidence bag containing a small, round purple berry. 
“There was a strange purplish residue on Deirdre’s teeth, along with a cut on her gums. It’s likely that Avery forced the berry into Deirdre’s mouth to make her more compliant. We’ll have to analyze the sample of course.” 
“Go on,” I ordered. 
The Beta nodded curtly. “Based on the blood patterns and the state of the room, there was a violent altercation. Deirdre escaped her bonds and fought back despite the drugging, injuring Avery severely. At some point, Avery struck her in the head with a rock, killing her.” 
“She must have thought she would get in trouble for killing Deirdre,” I muttered, furrowing my brow. “So she ran despite her injuries.” 
It hurt just to think about. As if I would hold such a thing against Avery. After everything Deirdre had done… I didn’t want her to die, but I understood why Avery would have wanted to hurt her. 
I doubted Avery intended to kill her. That part had to be an accident. 
Right? 
Tegan looked down at his feet and went on, Given where her trail led, it’s likely she drowned. But there have also been reports of mountain lion activity in that area. If she was injured and bleeding, then the scent would have attracted the animal, and…” 
His voice trailed off, but he didn’t need to finish for me to know what he was 
implying. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 316
Chapter 316 
My chest tightened painfully. I didn’t want to imagine Avery spending her final moments with water in her lungs. Or her head in the jaws of a hungry mountain lion. “There’s something else,” Tegan said, scratching his head. “We discovered that a significant amount of jewels and money is missing from the treasury. We believe Avery took them before she went after Deirdre.” 
I stared at my Beta in shock. “What?” 
Tegan closed his notebook. “Given that she never made it past the river, the money is probably lost.” 
I turned away from him. Avery had stolen from the pack. Killed Deirdre. And then died trying to escape. 
None of it made sense. This wasn’t the Avery I knew. She wouldn’t do something like this. 
But then I remembered the way she’d looked at me in Asher’s camp. The coldness in her eyes. The way she’d stood there while he tortured me. 
Maybe I didn’t know her as well as I thought 
“Continue the investigation,” I said firmly. Search the river. Search the forest. I want confirmation.” 
“Yes, Sir.” 
Tegan left, and I walked back into the greenhouse and sent the other men away with a snap of my fingers. They scattered like roaches. Once I was alone, I crouched next to Deirdre’s body. 
Her face was pale and bruised. The wound on her temple was gruesome, caved in where the rock had struck. Her eyes were closed. I stared at her for a long moment. This was the woman who had betrayed me. Who had worked with the Rogue King. 
And now, she had accomplished her final goal. 
She had taken the one thing I cared about the most in this world, 
“Fuck you,” I whispered, 
Suddenly, Deirdre’s eyes shot open. She gasped, arching her back away from the ground. I cursed and stood, stumbling back, 
“What the fuck?!” I shouted. 
1/2 
Chapter 316 
+25 Bonus 
Deirdre and I stared at each other for a long moment. As her consciousness returned, realization seemed to wash over her. 
Then, suddenly, she shot to her feet, shifted, and leapt through a shattered window. 
“Deirdre!” I shouted. “Get back here!’ 
I searched for Deirdre for the rest of the night, but she’d vanished. The guards reported seeing her run into the forest, but they couldn’t track her. She’d disappeared into the wilderness. 
By dawn, I was back at the river. Standing on the dock. Staring at the water. 
I would not rest until I had confirmation that Avery was either alive or dead. Whichever it was, I refused to stop searching until then. Even if I had to dredge Deirdre up out of the pit of hell from which she crawled out of for answers, I would not stop. 
But if Avery was truly gone… 
I closed my eyes. The thought was unbearable. 
I had never told her how I felt. Never told her that I loved her. That she was more than just my mate. More than just the mother of my heir. 
She was everything to me. I loved her so much. 
And I’d let her slip away before I could man up enough to say it out loud. 
“If you’re truly dead,” I said quietly, staring at the ripples on the water, “then I’ll never forgive myself. I’ll never love another. I’ll spend the rest of my life hating myself for not telling you the truth when I had the chance.” 
The words went unanswered, of course, but the promise was set in stone the moment the vow left my lips. 
I would find her. Even if it took the rest of my life. 
And I would never, ever forgive myself for the way I had treated the woman I loved. 
Sp 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 317
Chapter 317 
Avery’s POV 
The boardroom windows overlooked the city. At this hour, the other buildings around us were catching the light of the afternoon sun, the gleaming metal facades turning the rays almost blinding. I rubbed my hands over my face, staring at the report laying in front of me. 
“Business Proposal: Evergreen Pack.” 
The last thing I ever wanted was to make business with a werewolf pack. 
It had been ten years since I’d arrived in the human lands with nothing but the clothes on my back, my mother’s hand in mine, and a baby nestled in my belly. Now, I owned one of the fastest-growing supplement companies in the country. “Avery?” My assistant, Claire, cleared her throat. She was standing by the projector, remote in hand. “Should I continue with the presentation?” 
I nodded. “Go ahead.” 
Claire clicked through the slides. Sales projections. Market expansion. Distribution networks. The numbers were good. Better than good. We were on track to double our revenue this year. 
All because of one plant. 
I’d created it five years ago by splicing my own DNA into the seeds of a common medicinal herb on a sheer whim one day, trying to see if my Lycan healing powers could be imbued into the herb, 
The result was extraordinary. The plant could accelerate healing in humans. Wounds closed faster. Infections cleared up overnight. Even viruses that would normally take weeks to recover from were gone in days,, 
I called it Lycan Root. Everyone thought it was just a cool name. They didn’t know the true source of the DNA that made it possible. 
The supplement had taken off immediately, and over the past five years, it created my legacy. My business became a household name in the human lands. 
Unfortunately, it became too famous. Now, the packs were taking an interest, and I had just received my first business proposal from an Alpha. 
“This is a huge opportunity,” Claire said. “If we accept the Alpha’s offer, we’ll be 
Chapter 317 
+25 Bonus 
looking at a thirty percent increase in revenue. Maybe more.” 
I stared at the papers in front of me and sighed. 
Working with werewolves meant risking exposure. It meant the possibility of running into someone from my old life. Someone who might recognize me. 
Someone like Gideon. 
“I don’t know,” I said. “I don’t like working with werewolves.” 
Claire frowned. “You’ve said that before. But this is an incredible opportunity. You can’t keep avoiding the werewolf market forever.” 
“I can if I want to.” 
“Avery.” Claire set down the remote and sat across from me. “I know you have your reasons. I’ve never pushed you on them. But this is too big to pass up. We’re talking about millions of dollars. Expansion into new markets. Long-term contracts.” 
Of course she felt that way. Claire was young, ambitious, and human. She looked at the numbers before anything else. In the human lands, having this much money was the most important thing. 
Over the past ten years, it had become just as important to me. For my son’s future. But it was still risky, and dredged up a past life that I had worked damn hard to bury. 
“I’ll think about it,” I said after a moment. 
Claire sighed but nodded. “That’s all I’m asking.” 
She gathered her things and left. I stayed in the boardroom, staring out at the city. 
This wasn’t the life I had imagined building ten years ago. 
I’d planned to buy a small cottage. Live remotely. Grow a garden. Raise my son in 
peace, 
But life had other plans, 
In the early years, I’d taken a job as an herbalist, working under an old woman named Margaret who ran a small shop. She taught me how to mix remedies, and how to read people’s ailments just by looking at them. I was good at it. Better than good. I was perfect, 
Within two years, I’d surpassed her. When she retired, she left the shop to me. 
I expanded. Started growing my own plants. Experimenting with different 
2/4 
Chapter 317 
+25 Bonus 
combinations. And then I’d had the idea to splice my DNA into the seeds. 
It had been a gamble, but it worked. 
The business grew. I hired employees. Opened a lab. Started distributing to hospitals and clinics. Before I knew it, I was running a company. 
I’d bought a house in the city rather than a cottage. A beautiful, expensive house with marble countertops and a view of the river. My mother lived with me, and Bjorn, my son, had his own room filled with toys and books. 
We weren’t just comfortable; we had everything we needed and then some. We wanted for nothing. Bjorn went to the best daycare in the city, then the best schools. He had top tutors in all of his subjects, including piano. His teacher said he was a prodigy. Life was perfect. 
But somewhere along the way, I’d stopped dreaming. 
The Moon Goddess had never visited me again. Not once in ten years. I didn’t feel her presence anymore. Didn’t feel the pull of the moonlight like I used to. 
And maybe that was a good thing. Maybe it was easier this way. The Moon Goddess didn’t exist in this land of metal and cash. 
I stood, walking over to the window. The city stretched out below me, an endless sea of steel. I could hear cars honking even from this fiftieth-floor room. 
This was the human lands. People here were individualistic and materialistic. Everyone only cared about making as much money as possible to get ahead, even if it meant stepping on others on your way up the ladder. 
It was so different from the packs. There, it had been about community. About taking care of each other. About the collective good There were bad things, of course. Bad people who wanted to put others down-like Deirdre. But it was still a lot to get used to at first. 
Over the years, though, I’d adapted. I’d done what I needed to do to survive. To provide for my family, 
But sometimes, late at night when I couldn’ sleep, I wondered what my life would have been like if I’d stayed. 
I shook my head. There was no point in thinking about it now. That life was over. This was my life now, and I’d made it work. 
Just then, my phone buzzed on the table, and I groaned when I saw the caller ID 
3/4 
Chapter 317 
+25 Bonus 
flashing on the screen. Heathmoore Academy. It was Bjorn’s school-again. This was the third time this month that they’d contacted me! 
“What happened now?” I answered curtly. I didn’t even bother with the pleasantries because I had been here too many times before and I knew exactly what was coming. 
The voice on the other end was all too familiar by now. I probably talked to Bjorn’s headmaster more than I talked to my own mother. “You need to come to the school. There was an… incident.” 
I pinched the bridge of my nose and sighed. Of course there was an incident. 
There was alway an incident with my ten-year-old son these days. 1 
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes,” I said. 
With that, I hung up the phone and grabbed my jacket. 
I left the business proposal sitting on the table, untouched. 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 318
Chapter 318 
Avery’s POV 
The drive to Heathmoore Academy took fifteen minutes instead of twenty because I accidentally blew through a stop sign due to my mind wandering so much. 
The school was on the north side of the city, surrounded by manicured lawns and wrought-iron gates. It was expensive, but the education was the best available, and I thought Bjorn would be happy there. 
I was wrong. 
I had worked so hard to get Bjorn into this school. The tuition was insanely expensive, plus I was expected to be on the PTO despite my lack of time for things like bake sales and fundraisers. But I did it. For Bjorn. 
And now, for the third time this month, I was being called in because of another incident. 
I parked in the visitor’s lot and walked inside. The receptionist recognized me immediately, and just pointed at the headmaster’s office door without a word. She scowled at me as I passed, so I knew it was really bad. 
Sure enough, Bjorn was sitting in a chair near the window in the headmaster’s office. His arms were crossed, and his face was turned away from me. But I could see his knuckles. They were covered in blood. 
“Bjorn,” I said. 
He didn’t look at me. 
The headmaster stood from behind his desk He was a tall and imposing man, but he was kind. Or at least, he used to be before Bj?rn started troubling him. Now, every time I saw him, he just looked more and more tired. 
“What happened?” I asked by way of greeting. 
The headmaster looked at my son, then looked at me, “Bjorn got into a physical altercation with another student during lunch. The other boy had to be taken to the hospital. He has a broken nose, two fractured ribs, and a concussion.” 
“Jesus Christ, Bjorn. Is that true?” 
I looked at Bjorn. He still wouldn’t meet my eyes, although I could see his jaw clench. Whenever he did that, he looked too much like Gideon, and it made me feel weird. 
* 2 
1/3 
Chapter 318 
+25 Bonus 
“Thankfully, the other student will be able to make a full recovery, and the family has decided not to press charges,” the headmaster continued. “But this isn’t the first time Bjorn has acted out violently. And given the extent of the other student’s injuries, we can’t overlook it.” 
“What started the fight?” I asked. 
“According to witnesses, the other student made a comment about Bjorn’s family. Bjorn responded by attacking him.” 
“What did the kid say? Did anyone try to step in?” 
“A teacher intervened within seconds. But the damage was already done.” The headmaster sighed. “I’m going to be direct with you. Bjorn can’t continue attending Heathmoore Academy.” 
“What?” My mouth hung open. “You’re expelling him?!” 
“Unfortunately, I have no other choice. This is the third violent incident this month. We’ve tried to work with you. We’ve been patient. But I can’t in good conscience allow a student who poses a physical threat to others to remain enrolled here.” 
“He’s ten years old,” I spat. “He’s going through a difficult phase, that’s all, but he’s a good kid! And he’s smart as hell!” 
“Good grades can’t fix a pattern of horrible behavior.” The headmaster glared at me. “You’ve told me yourself that his… wolf is… What did you call it?” 
“His wolf is emerging early,” I said. Due to Bjorn’s Lycan bloodline and the stress during the pregnancy, his wolf was showing signs years before other pups did. He already had the markers of a hot-headed teenage Alpha despite only being ten. It made him more moody and aggressive, especially toward humans or those outside his “pack”, but it wasn’t his fault. 
The headmaster nodded. “Right. Well, it’s not safe for him to be around the other students.” 
I clenched my fists. “I’ve been giving him supplements. He’s in therapy twice a week. I’m doing everything I can to help hin manage it.” 
“I don’t doubt that. But it’s not enough.” The headmaster stood and walked over to the window. “There are very few werewolves in the human lands. The ones who do live here tend to struggle with assimilation. They form communes. Live on the outskirts. They can’t connect with human ideals the way humans do. Maybe Bjorn needs to be amongst his own kind.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 319
Chapter 319 
“That’s not up to you to decide,” I hissed. 
“Perhaps not, but it is up to me to decide who does and doesn’t go to my school.” 
“I’ll donate more money to the academy,” I said quickly. I stood, reaching for my purse. “I’ll pay for the other student’s medical bills, too. All of them. And I’ll increase my annual donation. Whatever it takes to keep Bjorn enrolled here. Just name your price.’ 
The headmaster turned to me, expression softening slightly. “It’s not about money. It’s about what’s best for the other students. And I don’t think Bjorn is a good fit for Heathmoore at this point.” 
I opened my mouth to argue, but Bjorn’s voice cut through the room. 
“I don’t want to be here anymore.” 
I turned. He was looking at me now. His eyes were dark and angry. He stood and walked toward the door. “Can we go?” 
I stared at him. Then I looked back at the headmaster. 
“I’ll still pay for the other student’s medical bills,” I said. 
He nodded. “That’s very generous of you.” 
I followed Bjorn out of the office. He didn’t wait for me. He was already halfway down the hallway. 
We got into the car in silence. I started the engine and pulled out of the parking lot. Bjorn stared out the window the entire drive home. 
When we got back to the house, he went straight to his room and slammed the door. 
I stood in the foyer, staring at the closed door. My mother appeared from the kitchen. She was holding a dish towel, drying her hands. She’d aged over the past ten years, and every time I looked at her, it was a bitter reminder of the time that had but her eyes passed. Her skin had new wrinkles and her hair was completely gray, but her were still bright. 
“What happened this time?” she asked. 
“He’s expelled,” I said, dropping my briefcase on the floor. “He put a kid in the hospital, Mom.” 
My mother’s face fell. “Oh, Avery.” 
+25 Bonus 
“I don’t know what to do.” I walked into the kitchen and sat down at the table. “I’ve tried everything. Therapy. Supplements. Discipline. Nothing works.” 
My mother sat across from me. She was quiet for a moment. Then, she reached into her apron pocket and pulled out a folded pamphlet. She set it on the table between us. 
“I found this at the community center last week. It’s about a werewolf commune about two hours from here. It looks really nice.” 
I picked up the pamphlet. The front had a picture of a group of people standing in front of a cluster of cabins. They were smiling. The text read: “Join the Riverbend Commune. A place for wolves to thrive.” 
My stomach did a flip. A commune. The type of place where werewolves in the human lands went because they couldn’t actually handle human society. 
It was no better than a pack. I had spent ten years trying to get away from that life of hierarchy, backstabbing, and lawlessness, and I wasn’t about to go back to it because of one bad phase. 
“No.” 
I stood and tore the pamphlet in half. “I didn’t leave the packs just to end up back in one.” 
My mother’s lips pressed together. “But he’s struggling. You can see that, can’t you?” 
“He’ll be fine.” I walked over to the counter and grabbed the plate of cookies she had baked earlier. “I’m gonna talk to him, and everything will be fine.” 
My mother watched me as I walked out of the kitchen. She didn’t say anything, but I could hear her sigh follow me all the way up to Bjorn’s room. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 320
Chapter 320 
Gideon’s POV 
The forest was empty again. 
I shifted back to human form and stopped to look around me. My breath came out in little white puffs, and the ground was hard with frost beneath my feet. 
It was early spring, but the air was still cold this far north. Probably too cold to be spending all day out here, and the chances of finding my quarry in this region were slim, but I didn’t care. I had been tracking Deirdre’s scent for three days, following a lead from a rogue who claimed to have seen her near the border. 
But the trail had gone cold. Again. 
It shouldn’t have bothered me by now, but I couldn’t help it. Each time the trail went cold, each time I went on one of these hunts and came back without so much as a scrap of evidence, my heart felt crushed anew. 
I stood there for a moment, staring at the trees. Ten years. I had been hunting Deirdre for ten years, and I had nothing to show for it. No answers. No closure. 
And most of all… no Avery. 
We never even found a body. It was as if she just disappeared, leaving behind nothing but a severed pinky finger, confusion, and a whole lot of grief. 
Finally, I turned and began the long walk back to the estate. By the time I reached the gates, the sun was setting. The guards nodded at me as I passed. They didn’t ask 
where I had been all day. They already knew 
Everyone knew. 
I went straight to my office and collapsed into the chair behind my desk. My body ached. I wasn’t as young as I used to be, and these hunts were starting to take their toll. Not to mention the pile of paperwork sitting on my desk, waiting for me to look through. I’d been shirking my real duties yet again. 
I hadn’t been sitting there for long when there was a knock on the door. Tegan stepped inside a moment later without me answering. He looked older now, too. His hair was graying at the temples, and there were lines around his eyes that hadn’t been there ten years ago, 
“You’re back,” he said curtly. He’d grown more matter-of-fact over the 
years, too. 
“Yep.” 
1/4 
Chapter 326 
“Find anything?” 
“Nope.” 
+25 Bonus 
“Figured.” Tegan sighed and sat down across from me. “Gideon, you need to let this go.” 
“Not doing that.” 
“The pack is losing faith in you. They thought you were chasing a ghost at first, but now they think you’re becoming one.” 
“Maybe I am.” I rubbed my face with callused hands. “But I have to know, Tegan. I have to know if she’s out there.” 
My Beta stared at me. 
“Don’t give me that look,” I muttered. 
Tegan just pursed his lips and kept giving me the look. The look that said a whole lot of words without speaking out loud. 
He wanted me to move on. A lot of people did. They thought I should just accept that Avery was dead, that she’d drowned and her body got washed away by the current, or she’d been eaten by a mountain lion. 
But that was the thing. No body was ever found. I practically dredged the river myself with my bare hands. Scoured every inch of the banks. I searched through every known mountain lion den in the territories for her bones. I patrolled the forest every fucking day for ten years. 
And there was never a sign of her. 
Therefore, I refused to accept it entirely.. 
And I still hadn’t remarried. I never would, either, despite the fact that the pack thought I should. An Alpha was stronger with his mate by his side, they said. 
I didn’t care. I was not going to find another wife. Not even a contract wife like Avery had once been, 
Tegan cleared his throat, “Alpha, there’s something we should discuss.” 
“What is it?” 
He hesitated, then said carefully, “An Alpha from another pack showed up today. He said he was going to challenge you. That you’re weak and delusional, and you can’t lead your pack.”, 
2/4 
Chapter 120 
+25 Bonus 
My jaw clenched. “It’s that fucker from Evergreen again, isn’t it?” 
Tegan nodded slowly, and I huffed hotly, raking my fingers through his hair. Alpha Sebastian of Evergreen Pack was an up and coming Alpha. He was hot-headed and young, and had inherited his pack a few years ago from his father. 
Evergreen was small and poor before he took over, and now it was quickly becoming one of the largest packs in the territories, with a booming economy. He’d challenged two other Alphas in the past three years and had expanded his borders considerably. 
Nightwolf was close to Evergreen, so I supposed he thought I would be a good next 
target. 
He thought he could come after Nightwolf. Take me down because I was some old, miserable Alpha who wouldn’t put up a fight. 
“I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again,” I said, opening a folder on my desk filled with various reports I needed to look over, “I’m not intimidated by that little prick, and I’m not going to let anyone bully me out of my mission.” 
Tegan didn’t speak, but I could tell it was only because he was trying not to say something he would really regret. 
Truthfully, I really hadn’t been the great Alpha I once was in a long time. The pack was unstable. And it was my fault. 
Over the past ten years, I had changed. I had become obsessed with finding Avery. With hunting Deirdre in the hopes that she’d have answers. And in the process, I had neglected my responsibilities as Alpha. 
But I’d never abandoned the pack entirely. I still made decisions. Still protected them. Still did everything I could to keep them safe. 
Because that was what Avery would have wanted. 
“I’ll handle Sebastian and any other Alpha who dares challenge me,” I said firmly.’ Don’t worry about it, Tegan.” 
My Beta didn’t look convinced, but he went on, “There might be another way to strengthen the pack. Something that doesn’t require you to take a Luna or fight off challengers,” 
“What is it? 
He pulled out a folder and set it on the desk. “There’s a businesswoman in the human lands. She runs a supplement company called Lycan Botanicals. They 
(( 
1105 
い 
3/4 
Chapter 320 
+25 Bonus 
produce a plant-based supplement that accelerates healing. It’s been making waves in the human medical community.” 
I frowned. “What does that have to do with us?” 
“Well, rumor has it that Sebastian is trying to get a head start on business by partnering with the company. If we could partner first, it would not only boost the pack’s economy, but also give us a head start before the company hits the packs at large.” 
I took the folder and opened it, then whistled under my breath. The numbers were impressive, to say the least. 
“Who is this woman?” I asked, looking up at my Beta. 
He shrugged. “No one knows much about her. She goes by Ms. Rivers, and apparently she’s very private. Doesn’t do interviews or attend public events despite her business being one of the fastest-growing companies in the country. But… There is one issue.” 
“Such as?” 
“She has publicly stated that she will never work with werewolves.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
曲 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 321
Chapter 321 
Avery’s POV 
Bjorn’s door was still closed when I reached the top of the stairs. It was silent inside, which was somehow worse than if he had been throwing a tantrum or playing loud music to drown me out. I knocked twice, and when there was no answer, I pushed the door open a crack. 
“Can I come in?” I asked. 
He was sitting on the floor with his back against the bed, knees pulled up to his chest. He didn’t lift his head from where it was tucked into his knees, but he didn’t tell me to fuck off, so I took that as permission. 
Entering the room, I set the plate of cookies on his nightstand and sat down next to him. Neither of us said anything for a while. 
“You want to tell me what the kid said?” I finally asked. 
Bjorn’s jaw tightened. “It doesn’t matter.” 
“It matters to me.” 
He didn’t answer for a long moment. 
“He said I didn’t have a real family,” he finally muttered. “He said wolves don’t have fathers. That I was probably born from some random rogue in a ditch somewhere.” 
I felt the words land right in my heart. “And you hit him for that?” 
“I hit him a lot,” Bjorn said, without a trace of remorse. 
I should have scolded him again. I’d given the same lecture so many times by now that I practically had it memorized. But sitting here, looking at the dried blood on his knuckles, all I could think was that I understood why he’d snapped. 
“You can’t keep doing this,” I said. “You put him in the hospital, Bjorn. Two broken ribs,” 
“I know,” he muttered. He reached up and grabbed a cookie off the plate and took a big bite. “Did my dad ever lose his temper like this?” 
There it was. The question I’d been waiting for, dreading for years, the one that had been creeping closer and closer as Bjorn got older and started asking more things I didn’t want to answer, 
I chose my words carefully. “Your father had a strong wolf,” I said. “That’s where 
1/2 
Chapter 321 
+25 Bonus 
you get it from.” 
“But who was he?” 
“I’ve told you as much as I can,” I said. “He was a wolf from the packs. No one worth knowing.” 
That was a lie. It was the one major lie I’d always kept from my son. I kept telling myself that he could find out who Gideon was once he was older and could fully understand, but then the years kept coming and I never found the strength to say it. 
Bjorn leaned his head back against the bed frame and stared at the ceiling. “I don’t fit in here, Mom. I never have, even before my wolf came out.” 
“You’re still figuring things out, honey.” 
“I’ve been figuring things out my whole life and it hasn’t gotten any better.” He huffed. “The kids here don’t like me. The teachers are scared of me. The headmaster just kicked me out. And it’s not going to change, because I’m not human, and I’m never going to be.” 
“Bjorn…” 
“I want to go to the packs,” he said abruptly 
The room went very still. I stared at him, and he stared back, a silent challenge. 
“No,” I finally said. 
“Why not?” 
I stood. “We’ve been over this. It’s not safe in the packs.” 
“But the packs are where wolves live. Where we’re supposed to live. Why would it not be safe for wolves to go where wolves live?” 
“It’s complicated,” I said carefully, “The packs have their own rules. Their own hierarchies. It’s not like the human world. There are Alphas, Betas, Omegas, and every single one of those rankings comes with its own set of expectations and dangers. You weren’t raised in that world. You don’t know how to navigate it.” 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
www 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 322
Chapter 322 
“Then teach me,” he insisted. “I could learn. I want to learn.” His eyes dropped to the floor. “I want to run. I want to shift and just run and not have to think about any of this. I want to be around people who are actually like me. Is that so wrong?” 
It wasn’t wrong. I wished more than anything that I could give that to him, but I just couldn’t. The packs were simply too dangerous and volatile, and I had made up my mind years ago never to expose my son to that life. 
“It’s not wrong,” I said. “But the answer is still no.” 
Bjorn looked up at me with eyes darker than night. 
“I hate you,” he said. 
It was barely above a whisper, but the words struck my chest as if he’d shot me. I knew kids said that sort of thing sometimes but right now, it truly felt like he meant 

I couldn’t respond. 
Wordlessly, he turned his back to me. I stood there for a long moment, waiting to see if he might regret it and apologize, but he didn’t. Finally, I stood, grabbed the rest of the cookies, and walked to the door. 
“We’ll talk more tomorrow,” I said. 
With that, I pulled the door shut behind me and stood in the hallway for a long moment. The house was quiet. My mother’s light was off under the door at the end of the hall. It was just me, standing in the dark, holding an empty plate. 
He didn’t mean it, I knew that. He was ten years old and frustrated and lost, and he was lashing out at the only person close enough to hit. I knew all of that, 
But it still hurt, 
Sighing, I walked downstairs and set the plate in the sink and stood there with my hands braced against the counter, staring down at the drain. The kitchen was dark except for the little light above the stove, Outside, it had started to rain, fat drops pattering against the skylights. 
I was just considering making myself something to drink when my phone buzzed on the counter. It was a text from Claire. 
“Just checking in on the Evergreen proposal” it read. “Alpha Sebastian is still waiting on a response. We really do need to give him an answer soon if we’re going to 
1/2 
move forward, or he’ll take his business elsewhere. Let me know, please? I don’t want to leave him hanging.” 
I stood there and read it twice. Then a third time. 
Alpha Sebastian. A werewolf Alpha actually wanted to do business with me. It was an amazing business opportunity, and it meant expanding my company not just across the human lands, but the packs, too. 
But it also meant bringing the packs back into everything I had spent ten years carefully, deliberately building in this world far away from all of that. I had left. I had gotten out. I had built something real and mine, something that had nothing to do with pack politics or Alphas or mates or any of it. 
And now the packs wanted in anyway, as if I hadn’t tried like hell to keep them as far away as fucking possible. 
What pissed me off the most was that I was actually considering it despite all of the statements I had made about not working with werewolves in the past. All for some extra cash. 
Well, this time, I wouldn’t fall for it. I typed back quickly. 
“Tell him no.” 
I hit send, then set the phone face-down on the counter, grabbed a bottle of wine, and turned off the stove light. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Shore 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 323
Chapter 323 
Avery’s POV 
The next morning, I found Bjorn at the breakfast table, picking at his toast. I walked past and told him to get his shoes on. 
“Why?” he asked. 
“Because you got kicked out of school, so you have to come to work with me today,” I said coolly as I filled my travel coffee. cup. 
Bjorn sighed. “Can’t I just stay home with Grandma?” 
“What, so you can just play video games all day?” I tossed him his jacket. “I don’t think so, bud. Come on, we’re gonna be late. 
Bjorn groaned, but to his credit, he didn’t argue further. The drive to the office was quiet, and he spent the entire time looking out the window with his arms folded. 
“I need you to behave today,” I told him when I pulled into the parking garage. 
He didn’t respond. 
“Bjorn.” 
“I heard you. Geez!” 
I decided to just let it go. 
Claire met us at the elevator on the fortieth floor. She took one look at Bjorn and then lifted her brow at me. I just shook my head, silently telling her not to ask right now. 
“Hi, Bjorn,” she said, smiling. 
“Hey, Claire,” He stuffed his hands into his pockets and dragged his feet. 
Claire fell into step beside me as we walked toward my office. “You have the Hartwell meeting at ten,” she said under her breath. “And the supply chain call at two. Also, you got a follow-up from Alpha Sebastian’s office this morning.” 
“I already told you to decline that.” 
“I did, but they want you to reconsider.” She shot me a look. “I want you to reconsider.” 
“The answer is still no, Claire.” 
My assistant pressed her lips together and nodded, dropping the subject. I pushed 
1/3 
Chapter 23 
+25 Bonus 
open the door to my office. Bjorn followed me in and immediately flopped into the chair in the corner. 
“Uh-uh, we’re not here to lounge around,” I said as I took my coat off. “You’re going to be my little assistant today.” 
“Seriously?!” 
“Yes, seriously.” I dropped a notepad in his lap. “Write down anything that seems important. We’ll go over it at the end of the day.” 
I knew he was just going to doodle, but at least he would be occupied. 
For the first hour or so, it was fine. Bjorn was quiet, and I managed to get through most of my emails and review the notes for the Hartwell meeting. At one point I asked him to take some files down to Claire’s desk for me. He did it, came back, and sat back down without a word. 
The Hartwell meeting started at ten sharp. I was in the large conference room on the top floor. Six people from Hartwell’s team were already seated when I arrived, plus my own team on my side. Bjorn trailed in behind me, and I pointed him toward a chair in the corner, away from the table where he could still see. 
This meeting was important. Hartwell was one of our biggest potential distribution partners-getting them on board would open up a whole new chain of retail access across the country. 
I had been working toward this for eight months. My team had prepared extensively. Everything was going well for the first twenty minutes or so. Eventually, I heard the sound of Bjorn moving in the corner. 
I didn’t look up from the report I was walking Hartwell’s team through, but I tracked the sound out of the corner of my eyes. Then there was a soft thud, and a few people glanced toward the corner of the room. 
I looked up, 
Bjorn had found an empty chair and had his feet up on the table. He was tossing a small foam stress ball into the air and catching it. On his last toss, he missed the catch, and it went rolling right into the lap of one of the men from Hartwell. 
The man caught the ball and stared. 
“Kids,” I said, forcing a laugh. “Bjorn, you can sit at the table, but you have to put your feet down.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 324
Chapter 324 
He did put his feet down, but he did it very slowly, like it was an enormous effort. Then, he propped his head on his forearms on the table and sighed heavily. 
I smiled at the Hartwell team. “I apologize. Let’s continue.” 
We continued, and for about four more minutes Bjorn was quiet again until he started snoring. 
Loudly. 
I closed my folder and stood. 
“Could you give us just one moment?” I said to the room, trying my best not to show my frustration. 
I crossed the conference room, took Bjorn by the arm, and hauled him to his feet. He wasn’t sleeping, purely faking it, and was obviously trying to hold back a smirk as I walked him out into the hallway. I pulled the door shut behind us and crouched to 
his level. 
“What are you doing?” I whispered. 
“I was just sleeping.” 
“You were awake, Bjorn. And clearly just trying to get everyone to look at you.” 
He shrugged. “I was bored.” 
“I don’t care if you were bored.” I tried not to get angry, but I couldn’t let him get away with this. “This meeting is very important. All I needed you to do was sit quietly for an hour. I know you’re capable.” 
“I could do it if I wasn’t so bored,” he groaned. “You should have let me bring my video game,” 
I let go of his arm and took a breath, 
“Fine,” I said. “You want something to do? I’ll give you something to do,” 
I walked him down the hall to the copy room, a small windowless room with a large industrial copier, a paper shredder, two shelving units, and not much else, I pulled up the document queue on the copier’s screen. There were forty-three jobs backed up from this morning. 
“You’re going to stand here and run copies, I said. “Press the green button to start the next job, then stack everything neatly. Don’t leave this room. Don’t touch 
1/3 
Chapter 324 
+25 Bonus 
anything that isn’t the copier or the paper. Can you do that?” 
Bjorn looked at the copier, then up at me. 
“Do I have to?” 
“Yes,” I said. “I’ll come check on you in an hour. And if you’re good and helpful, we can get lunch at that sub place you like.” 
I left him there and went back to the conference room. 
The rest of the Hartwell meeting was salvageable, although just barely. I smoothed things over as best I could, and by the end they were still willing to move forward. 
After that, I made my way back to the copy room. The door was open, which was the first sign that something was wrong. I stepped inside. 
Bjorn wasn’t there. Of course he wasn’t. 
But more concerningly, the copier was on and still running. It was making a strange, grinding sound it definitely shouldn’t have been making. The paper tray was hanging open with a crumpled paper stuck in it, and the display screen was flashing an error code. 
Cursing under my breath, I pressed the emergency stop button. The grinding slowed and died, but I knew I’d have to call maintenance to come fix the jam. 
I walked out into the hallway. “Has anyone seen my son?” I asked. 
Two of my employees exchanged a look. One of them pointed toward the far end of the hall, near the elevators. 
I walked that way, hands clenched at my sides. 
Strangely, I heard Bjorn’s voice and an older male’s voice, which was out of character for him because he wasn’t a naturally chatty kid. I figured one of the male employees cornered him and was trying to keep him occupied until I found him. 
But when I rounded the corner, I froze, 
There was a man with him, tall and handsome in a dark, finely tailored suit. I knew from his scent right away that he wasn’t one of my employees, nor was he a human at all. 
This man was a werewolf. 
And an Alpha, no less. 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 325
Bonus 
The moment I saw that Alpha standing there, my first instinct was to grab Bjorn and 
run. 
Had Gideon found out about us? Had he sent someone to hunt us down? 
It had been ten years, but Gideon was ruthless when it came to hunting for his mate. If he thought for a second that we were still out here, alive, then I wouldn’t put it past him to send an entire fucking army to force us to come back. 
I crossed the hallway in a few quick strides and put my hand on Bjorn’s shoulder. He looked up at me, surprised. The man looked up too, and up close he was even taller than I had realized from a distance, with shining blue eyes and a warm expression on his face. 
“Hello,” he said, smiling. “You must be Ms. Rivers.” 
“Bjorn,” I said, steering him a step back. “Go wait by Claire’s desk.” 
“But-” 
“Now, please.” 
Bjorn looked at the man, then at me, then back at the man. Then, he shoved his hands into his pockets and walked off down the hall, although I could tell he stopped around the corner to listen. 
I turned to the man. 
“Who are you?” I asked. “And what are you doing in my building?” 
His smile stretched further, and he extended his hand. “My name is Sebastian. I’m the Alpha of Evergreen Pack.” 
I didn’t shake it right away, “You’re the one who’s been sending proposals to my office,” I said, forgetting my manners. 
“Guilty as charged,” Still smiling, he lowered his hand. “I hope you’ll forgive the unannounced visit. I was in the area and thought I would try my luck in person, since your assistant has been so efficient at shutting me down over email.” 
“She’s doing her job,” I said. “Which includes communicating my decisions clearly. I said no to your proposal.” 
“You did,” he agreed with a nod. “But if I’m being honest, I think you made the 
1/3 
Chapter 325 
+25 Bonus 
wrong call, and I wanted to make my case in person before you closed the door entirely.” His smile faded somewhat, but not in a cruel or conniving way like I expected from someone from the packs. “Look, I understand you have reservations about working with the packs. I’m not here to pressure you or ask why. I just want ten minutes.” 
I studied him for a moment. He didn’t seem threatening, but that didn’t mean anything. I had dealt with enough Alphas in my time to know that the loud ones were rarely the dangerous ones. It was the calm, quiet, seemingly composed ones that you really had to watch. 
“Your supplement could really change things for my pack,” he said when I didn’t respond. “I’ve heard what it can do for both humans and wolves. It’s revolutionary, and I want to make sure my pack has reliable access to it. A formal partnership is the best way to do that. And in return, Evergreen can offer you distribution access into every major pack territory.” 
I crossed my arms. “My answer is still no.’ 
He nodded slowly, like he had expected that and reached into his jacket pocket. I took a step back, eyeing him warily, but he just pulled out a small, white envelope. He held it out to me. 
“I’m hosting an event at my pack next month,” he said. “A banquet. I would like you to come. Tour the grounds, meet some of my pack, and see what we’re really all about. I assure you, Ms. Rivers, it would be a beneficial partnership; just let me prove it to you in person.” 
I stared at the envelope for a long moment, hesitating. Finally, I took it, although I had no intention of going. I just wanted to be polite and end this conversation. 
“I’ll think about it,” I said. Bjorn always said that whenever I said I’d think about something, it really just meant “no”. 
He smiled again, “Well, let me know if you do decide to come. We’ll arrange accommodations for you.” He dipped his head politely. “It was a pleasure meeting you, Ms. Rivers. I hope to see you at the event.” 
He walked to the elevator, pressed the button, and waited with his hands clasped behind his back. He didn’t look at me again. The doors opened, he stepped in, and then he was gone, 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 326
Chapter 326 
I stood there for a second, staring at the closed elevator doors. Then I looked down at the envelope in my hand. It had Evergreen Pack’s emblem embossed on the front. 
Back in the day, an invitation like this would have made my day. Someone like me, an ex-wolfless, getting invited to a handsome Alpha’s banquet? It would have sounded like a dream come true, a chance to move up in society and dress up in the way that only werewolf women really knew how to do. 
But now it just felt like a trap. 
Finally, I decided to find Bjorn. Just as I expected, he was standing right by the corner, and popped out when I approached. 
“Are you gonna go?” he asked. 
I sighed. “No, Bjorn.” 
“Was that my dad?” 
My chest squeezed painfully. “No,” I said. “He wasn’t.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“Positive.” 
He nodded slowly and looked down at the floor. “Oh.” 
That one small word did more damage than anything he had said to me yesterday. Sometimes, it was easy to forget that he was only ten, and when he did that, it was a bitter reminder of how little he truly was. I looked away and decided not to berate him about the copier. 
“Come on,” I said, heading back toward my office. “We’ve still got work to do.” 
He followed, and for a minute, I thought he would drop the subject. But as soon as we were alone in my office, Bjorn turned to me. 
“If he’s an Alpha, then there are gonna be other wolves at that party,” he said. “My dad could be there, or someone who knows lim. If I could just-” 
“Your father is not in Evergreen Pack,” I said curtly, “And we’re not going.” 
“Why can’t we?” 
“Because I don’t want to,” I said. 
1/3 
Chapter 926 
+25 Bonus 
Bjorn’s hands curled into fists. He opened his mouth like he wanted to say something else, but seemed to give up and simply flopped into the chair in the corner with a hot huff. 
This time, I didn’t bother to try to put him to work. I was too tired at this point to deal with any of it. 
The rest of the day was quiet. Bjorn kept to himself, drawing in the notebook I gave him with sharp, angry strokes. When I glanced over, I saw that he was really just scribbling, pressing the pen down so hard it was wearing holes into the paper. I decided to just leave him to it and let him work this out in his own way. 
Because he would. He always did. This was just a phase, just like everything else, and one day he would look back and understand why I had to put my foot down. 
At least, I hoped he would. 
Finally, we returned home. Bjorn was quiet during dinner, even though my mother had made his favorite: mac and cheese with a sloppy joe on the side. He barely ate it, and when I finally excused him from the table, he got up and went to his room without another word. 
“Thanks for dinner, Mom,” I said as I stood not feeling up to eating much of my salad myself. “I’ll clean up. You rest.” 
“Are 
you sure?” she asked. “You look exhausted, sweetie.” 
I forced a smile and kissed her head as I picked up her plate. “I’m fine.” 
I headed to the kitchen and put the leftovers in containers, then got to work on the dishes, digging my arms up to the elbow in the soapy water. We had a dishwasher, but doing the dishes by hand 
Was strangely soothing. 
I had just finished with the dishes and was drying off my hands when I heard a knock at the door, 
I frowned, checking the time. It was almost mine. My mother was already upstairs for the night, and I could hear Bjorn’s TV playing his video game sounds, but I knew he wouldn’t come 
at any point now, I set the towel down and went to the front door, and when I opened it, Claire was standing on my porch in her coat and scarf, holding a bottle of red wine. 
“I figured you needed this,” she said, holding up the bottle, 
Smiling, I opened the door wider. “You figured right.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 327
Chapter 327 
Avery’s POV 
We sat on the sofa with the wine between us and the rest of the house quiet around us. I poured two glasses and sat back in the cushions, letting out a breath. 
“Okay,” Claire said, hooking one foot under her opposite leg and turning to face me. “Tell me everything.” 
So I did. 
I told her about the Hartwell meeting and Bjorn fake-snoring in the corner. I told her about the copy room and the jammed machine and the error code that maintenance was going to bill me for. I told her about finding Bjorn around the corner by the elevators, talking to a stranger of his own accord for the first time, like he just immediately understood his own kind. 
“I see,” Claire slowly said when I was finished. “So he did show up after all.” 
I nearly spat out my wine. “You knew he was coming?” I asked. 
“He may or may have mentioned his plan to come talk to you in person.” She rubbed the back of her neck. 
“Claire!” 
“I know. I’m sorry.” She took a sip of her wine. “But for what it’s worth, I’ve done a lot of research on him and Evergreen Pack, and he seems legitimate. His pack has actually got a really strong reputation.” 
“I don’t care,” I said. “You know my history. You know why I can’t go back there.” 
“I know it’s hard.” She set her glass down. “But Avery, I really think you should go to that event,” 
“No, I won’t go.” 
“Listen to reason here, Avery!” she insisted “The Hartwell deal is shaky now, whether you want to admit it or not. And the Evergreen partnership would more than make up for it if it fell through! Sebastian is offering you distribution access to every major pack territory. Do you understand what that would do for the business?” 
“I understand perfectly what it would mean for the business,” I said curtly. “I also understand what it would mean for me and for my son.” 
Claire was quiet for a moment before she said softly, “You’ve been here for ten years. 
WIL 
1/3 
+25 flonus 
Ten years! And Gideon has never found you 
I took a big swig of my wine, polishing it off then refilled my glass rather than answering. 
“Furthermore,” Claire continued, “Evergreen is nowhere near Nightwolf territory. You wouldn’t be anywhere near Gideon. You just need to go, tour the pack, smile and shake hands and make a decision about the partnership, and then come home. Everything after that could be done remotely.” 
“You make it sound so simple,” I said, laughing bitterly. 
“It is simple. You’re the only one who’s making things more complicated than they need to other, who knew the whole story of what happened to me. She had known me before the business, before any of it, when I was just a woman who had shown up in her fishing village in the human lands with nothing and slowly figured out how to build something. We hadbe.”
I shot her a withering glare, but she held my gaze firmly. 
Claire had always been like this-brutally honest, sometimes to a fault. It was why I had hired her. It was why she was sitting at my kitchen table at nine o’clock on a Wednesday instead of anyone else. 
She was the only person in this world, aside from my m quickly become friends, and I wouldn’t have it any other way. 
Furthermore, she knew about Gideon and our sordid past. She knew about Asher, and the greenhouse, and the river, and the finger, all of it. And she had never once used any of it against me or let it change the way she treated me. 
So when she said I should go, I knew she meant it. And I also knew that she wasn’t just insisting from a business perspective. 
“Bjorn deserves more than what you’ve been able to give him here,” she said. “And I’m not saying that to be cruel, because you have given him so much. But he’s clearly struggling, Avery. He doesn’t fit in here, and he knows it, and he’s going to keep fighting you on it until your relationship is totally destroyed.” She paused. “You’ve spent ten years protecting him from the packs. But I’m not sure the packs are what he needs protecting from anymore.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 328
Chapter 328 
I stared at my glass in contemplation. 
“Every single decision you’ve made since before he was even born has been for him,” she said softly, placing her hand on my knee. “And now the thing that’s actually hurting him is this.” 
I didn’t argue. I didn’t have anything to argue with, because she was right, and I knew it, and it was just easier sometimes to get defensive than to admit that. 
We sat there for a while longer. We finished the wine and talked about other things- Claire’s sister’s new apartment, a TV show she had been watching, the supply chain call that had actually gone well today despite everything else. Normal things, like the other issue wasn’t still staring me in the face the whole time. 
She left just before eleven. I locked the door behind her and stood in the front hallway in the quiet. 
Then, I went upstairs to bed. 
I lay there in the dark and stared at the ceiling for a long time. I thought about what Claire said. About Bjorn. About the decade that had passed and everything I had done to protect my son, only to potentially hurt him in the end. 
Maybe she was right. 
Eventually, I fell asleep. 
And for the first time in ten years, I had a dream. Not a normal dream, but something 
more. 
I was in a forest at sunset. It was open and green, with the golden light coming through the trees and leaving long, warm rays. The ground was soft under my paws. 
I was in wolf form. 
And beside me, running, was another wolf. Smaller than me, younger, still growing into his size. His coat was dark like a roasted chestnut, and he was running with his head up and his ears forward. 
He looked completely alive in a way I hadn’t seen from him in a long time. Maybe 
ever. 
Bjorn. 
We ran together through the trees, even though there was nothing chasing us. We 
1/2 
Chapter 328 
+25 Bonus 
were just running because we could, because the ground was there and the air was clean and there was nothing in the world that mattered more than the wind in our fur. 
He looked over at me, and his eyes sparkled, and in that gaze, I saw the smiling face of a woman with pearlescent hair and pale skin. She was beckoning to me. To us. 
I woke up late, having slept right through my alarm. Cursing, I threw the covers off and stood, showering and dressing quickly. All the while, my mind raced with memories of that dream. It didn’t fade like normal dreams did when you wake, but rather became more intense as my mind made up connections to a future that probably could never exist. 
After making my coffee, I went to the kitchen table and sat down. The invitation was where I had left it last night, off to one side next to my keys. I picked it up and turned it over. Evergreen Pack’s emblem was on the front, the date and details were on the inside card. 
I sat there for a long moment and just stared at it, biting my lip until it bled. 
Then I set it down, pulled out my phone, and opened a new message to Claire. 
“Tell Sebastian’s office I’ll be attending the event. 
I hit send before I could think about it any further. 
“Goddess,” I muttered under my breath, “I’d better not regret heeding your call.” 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 329
Chapter 329 
Avery’s POV 
In a few weeks, it was settled. Sebastian would host me in Evergreen. I was only going for two nights, just long enough to attend the banquet, tour the pack, and work out some preliminary business agreements. 
I didn’t tell Bjorn the truth about where I was going. 
I knew I should have, and I hated myself for not being able to do it. I felt like a coward. But when it came down to it, when I stood in his doorway the night before I was supposed to leave, I found myself forcing out the wrong words. 
“Bjorn, I’m going to a business conference out of town. I’m leaving first thing tomorrow.” 
“How long will you be gone?” he asked. He was sitting on his bed with his new game in his lap, the one I had bought him that afternoon at the electronics store downtown. He hadn’t looked up when I came in. 
“Just a few days,” I said. 
He nodded without pulling his eyes away from the screen. 
“Grandma will be here the whole time,” I said. “And I’ll have my phone on. You can call me whenever you want.” 
“M’kay.” 
I stood there for another moment. He didn’t look up. I said goodnight and pulled his door shut and went to bed, and the whole time I was kicking myself mentally. 
Ultimately, I decided that it was wiser to just get this first visit out of the way, see how it went, and then I could tell him after. At least, that was the rationale that allowed me to get some sleep that night., 
In the morning I was up before anyone else. stood in the bathroom mirror with a pair of scissors and did it quickly, before I could think too hard about it. 
My hair had always been long, down past my shoulders, the same color it had always been. I cut it to just below my jaw, then opened the box of dye I had bought at the pharmacy and followed the instructions on the back. 
When I was finished, my hair had gone from chestnut waves to a black bob. It didn’t really feel like me, but it felt different enough to keep myself from being noticed too easily by you-know-who. 
1/4 
Chapter 329 
+25 Bonus 
Just in case. 
Of course, I hoped it wouldn’t come to that. 
Afterwards, I loaded my bag into the car and went back inside to say goodbye. My mother hugged me for a long time without saying anything. 
“Mom, I’m just going away for a few days,” laughed, pulling back. I kissed her cheek and told her to call me if anything came up. 
Bjorn was in the kitchen eating cereal. I hugged him from behind and he let me, but he didn’t hug back. Just sat there with his spoon hovering in front of his mouth. 
“I love you,” I said, ruffling his hair. 
“Love you too,” he said around a mouthful of cereal. 
I drove away before I could change my mind 
The drive to Evergreen territory took most of the day. I stopped once for gas and once for cheap takeout food that didn’t fit into my diet at home (human women loved to be skinny and vegan, much to my wolf’s chagrin, who kept insisting that we needed more meat), and spent the rest of the hours watching the landscape change around 

The human lands finally gave way to open country, and then to the kind of dense, heavy forest that you only really found in pack territories. The roads got quieter and narrower, and the trees and boulders felt bigger. The temperature in the air dropped by a few degrees, making my wolf purr with satisfaction. 
“Finally,” she groaned. “Real fresh air!” 
14 14 
I gripped the wheel and kept driving. 
By late afternoon, I was at the border, There were two guards at the gate, and they checked my name against a list before waving me through without any fuss. I drove through slowly, taking it in, 
Evergreen was larger than I had expected. I wasn’t sure what I had been picturing, but it wasn’t this. 
The main settlement was substantial but quaint, small cottages gathered around a central square with what looked like a market still open in the late afternoon. There were wolves everywhere, going about their business, carrying baskets of produce and laughing, and everything felt so… idyllic 
It reminded me a little too much of Nightwolf. 
2/4 
Chapter 329 
+25 Bonus 
I pulled up in front of the Alpha house and waited for a moment, wondering if this was a mistake. But then Sebastian came outside, waving, and I knew there was no turning back now. 
“Ms. Rivers,” he said as I got out of the car. You came.” 
“I said I would think about it,” I said. “I thought about it.” 
He laughed a little and showed me inside. 
The house was big and well-furnished, the typical home of an Alpha. He introduced me to a couple of the members of his inner circle who were around, showed me to the guest room where I would be staying, and gave me a rundown of the evening’s schedule. The event started at seven. 
“It’s a good crowd,” he said. “A lot of people will be there who I’d like you to meet.” 
“I appreciate it,” I said, “but I’m trying to keep a low profile.” 
He glanced at my hair. “I can see that. Well, we’ll keep things casual.” 
Once I went back to my room, I spent the rest of the afternoon getting ready. I’d packed something simple yet professional a tailored blazer and trousers in deep navy blue that I wore to important meetings in the city. It was good quality, and I felt confident in it at home. Human women loved pantsuits. 
But I felt out of place the moment I stepped out of the guest room and into the hallway, before anyone even said a word. Two women were coming the other direction, dressed in the way that pack women dressed for formal events-floor- length gowns that were probably handmade specifically for tonight, completely elegant and utterly stunning. 
They looked at me. Then they looked at each other. 
One of them laughed softly, although she hid it behind her hand, 
They kept walking. 
I stood in the hallway and looked down at my blazer. Back home, I was often the best -dressed person in the room. I supposed I’d forgotten that I didn’t dress like a werewolf anymore, but a human. 
A pang hit my chest all of a sudden. It wasn’t just the clothes and how they made me feel underdressed here, but the reminder of how catty and cruel werewolf life could be. Even back then, I had always felt out of place, and now it was even worse. 
I turned around. The front door wasn’t far. My car was right outside. I could be back 
3/4 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 329 
on the road within ten minutes and home before midnight, and I could send Sebastian a very professional apology email in the morning and that would be the end of it. 
I took two steps toward the door. 
“Ms. Rivers! There you are.” 
Sebastian appeared from a side room, already dressed for the evening. He crossed the hallway, offered his arm, and looped it smoothly through mine before I could . 
Why 
“Come on,” he said, already steering me toward the reception. “I’ve been waiting so we could make an entrance together.” 
Comments 
Support 
11 
LIA 
Share 
 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 330
Chapter 330 
Gideon’s POV 
The invitation had been sitting on my desk for a week before Tegan finally said something about it. 
I had been using it as a coaster. It seemed like the only reasonable thing to do. 
“You should go to this,” my Beta said, picking it up and grimacing at the coffee stains on it. “If you can still read the time and date, of course.” 
I shrugged. “I’m not going anyway. Sebastian is already looking for a reason to challenge me in front of witnesses. Walking into his territory and attending his event is basically handing him one.” 
“Maybe.” Tegan set the invitation back down. “But I heard that the CEO of Lycan Botanicals is going to be there.” 
I looked up from the report I was reading and arched a brow. 
“From what I hear, Sebastian has been trying to get a meeting with her for months,” he said. “If you go, you could speak to her directly. Get ahead of it before he locks her into an exclusive arrangement.” 
I looked back down at the report. Then I picked up the invitation. 
Dammit. I hated it when Tegan was right. 
We arrived at Evergreen pack on the evening of the event. The pack was bigger than the last time I had had a good reason to take stock of it, which irritated me more than I wanted to admit. 
Sebastian had clearly been busy since he became Alpha. The grounds were well- kept, the wolves we passed looked healthy and well fed, and the whole place had a strange, hippie sort of energy. Everyone was smiling and carrying baskets of produce and wearing bespoke clothing. 
“Is this some kind of cult?” I asked Tegan, leaning close, 
My Beta snorted. “Doubt it, but it does kind of give off that feeling, doesn’t it?” 
The event itself was held in the banquet hall of the Alpha house, There, the guests seemed more “normal”, males and females milling around in fine gowns and tuxedos. The place was completely packed, which meant that most of the people he had invited had decided to show up for whatever reason. 
1/4 
Chapter 330 
+25 Bonus 
It was a good thing, though. It meant I could move around without having to run into Sebastian if I didn’t want to. Which I didn’t. 
Tegan and I grabbed a drink from the bar and found a position near the far wall where we could see the room without being the center of it. 
That lasted about ten minutes before Sebastian’s Beta found me. 
His name was Colt, and he was young, perhaps in his mid-twenties at most. I had only met him once before and I thought he was a completely insufferable rake of a man. He seemed utterly full of himself and always had his nose up in the air. 
He stopped in front of me with a drink in his hand and a malicious smile curving his lips. 
“Alpha Gideon,” he said. “Didn’t expect to see you here.” 
“Yes, well, here I am,” I said. 
“Bold move, coming to Evergreen.” He glanced around the room. “Especially given everything. How’s the pack holding up?” 
“Fine.” 
“Really.” It wasn’t a question. “Because I’ve been hearing things. That Nightwolf’s been losing wolves. That the Alpha’s been spending more time chasing ghosts in the forest than actually leading.” He tilted his head. “That true?” 
I glared at him. 
Most wolves, when an Alpha looked at them like that, found somewhere else to be. Colt just looked back, still smiling, completely unbothered. Which told me everything I needed to know about how Sebastian had been talking about me behind closed doors. 
mivi 
“You should be careful,” I said quietly, “about how you speak to your superiors.” 
He shrugged. “You’re not my Alpha. Therefore, not my superior.” With that, he drifted off into the crowd, still smiling. I growled, but Tegan put his hand on my arm and shook his head, indicating that it wasn’t worth it, 
Inhaling deeply to settle my wolf, I turned back to the room and took a long drink. The evening was already going exactly as I’d expected, which was to say badly, and the one person I’d come here specifically to speak to hadn’t shown up yet. 
“What did you say that CEO looks like?” I asked. 
2/4 
Chapter 330 
+25 Bonus 
Tegan scratched his head. “I’m not entirely sure. She keeps an impressively low profile. I couldn’t even find a picture of her. 
“Well, that’s not very helpful.” 
I was twenty minutes away from calling it a night when the doors at the far end of the hall opened. 
Sebastian came in, the crowd parting to make way for him. And hanging on his arm 
was a woman. 
She was on the shorter side, dressed in human clothes that stood out in this crowd, dark hair cut short. From across the room, I couldn’t make out her features clearly. But something made me look twice. 
There was something familiar about her. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but… 
She reminded me of Avery. Like an older Avery with different hair, different clothes, and a much more tired look on her face.. 
I watched her cross the room on Sebastian’s arm and told myself I was being an idiot. I’d been doing this for ten years. Seeing her in strangers. It was a bad habit that I’d never managed to break, and it meant nothing. 
“Is that her?” I asked, nudging Tegan. “The CEO of Lycan Botanicals?” 
He looked toward the woman, then nodded. ‘It has to be. She arrived with Sebastian and she’s clearly not part of his pack.” He wrinkled his nose. “She’s definitely a werewolf, but she dresses and acts like a human.’ 
“Must be, then.” I pushed away from the wall. “I’ll find a moment to talk to her when she’s not with him.” 
W 
I watched her for the rest of the evening, but I couldn’t seem to find a moment to get her alone, Sebastian was practically glued to her hip. Every time I thought I might be able to get close enough to introduce myself he was there, talking to her, steering her somewhere else, or inserting himself into her line of sight. 
I didn’t know if he was doing it deliberately or not, but I chose to assume he was. 
Finally, well into the evening, Sebastian got pulled away by someone near the far end of the room. The woman was left standing near the edge of the dance floor, alone for the first time all night. 
I set my drink down and crossed the room. 
I was maybe fifteen feet away when she turned slightly and saw me coming. 
3/4 
Chapter 336 
+25 Bonus 
Something crossed her face. Her eyes went wide for just a fraction of a second, and then she turned and moved away quickly, slipping into the crowd. But I could still see her dark head of hair moving, and so I followed. 
I had almost reached her when someone stepped directly into my path. 
Sebastian. 
“Alpha Gideon,” he said, grinning. “I’m so glad you came. There’s something I’ve been hoping to do.” 
“Not now, Sebastian-” 
“Yes, now.” Sebastian pulled his shoulders back. “Alpha Gideon, I am formally challenging you for control of Nightwolf pack.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 331
Chapter 331 
Avery’s POV 
The moment we entered the banquet hall, I felt my heart rise into my throat. I hesitated in the doorway, scanning the crowd. 
“Nervous?” Sebastian asked, still smiling down at me with that charming smile of his. 
I scratched my head. “I go to events in the human lands all the time. But… it’s been a very long time since I’ve attended a werewolf event.” 
As soon as I said those words, I cringed, regretting them. I feared I’d said too much. Of course Sebastian knew I was a werewolf it wasn’t exactly something I could hide –but I never wanted to go into my past. 
“When was the last time you were in the packs?” he asked, guiding me deeper into the party. 
I waved him off. “It doesn’t matter. My life is in the human lands now.” 
He nodded. “Understandable. And what a life you’ve made for yourself.” He glanced down at me. “For someone whose business only cropped up a few years ago, your progress has been impressive.” 
“Thanks.” I couldn’t help but smile at that, and it made me think of Bjorn. 
One day, he would truly understand why I had done what I’d done. Why I had worked my ass off to set up a future for him in the human lands. 
Why I had pulled him away from… this. 
And yet, as I looked around, a feeling of nostalgia that I wasn’t expecting swept over me. I looked around at the werewolf women laughing and smiling as their dresses flared around them on the dancefloor. I looked at the men who were drinking and playing cards at tables. I looked at the freshly mated couples who only had eyes for each other. 
Life here could be catty and cruel, like those women in the hall who judged me for my attire, but it was also honest and open in a way that the human world wasn’t. In the human world, everything was about appearances, money, assets, Even if you had nothing, you were expected to play the game, to act like you had it all so other people would be jealous of you. 
Here, it was… different. Not completely different, of course; plenty of werewolves 
1/3 
Chapter 331 
+25 Bonus 
were greedy and envious. 
But there was a bigger emphasis on connections. Mates. Alphas and Betas who had been friends as long as they could remember. The military prestige of Gammas who would do anything for their Deltas. The Omegas who, despite being servants, still found joy in the small things and in their community. 
It was just a small reminder of the one thing I missed the most about living in the packs. 
Sebastian remained by my side all night, which I appreciated. It kept me from having to mingle on my own with people who were looking at me like I was a total weirdo, and he kept true to his promise to keep things “casual”. 
I wasn’t worried about my identity being discovered, not with the sheer amount of people here and the way he moved quickly from one group to another, never stopping long enough to let them ask too many questions. 
But it was about halfway through the night when he stepped away briefly. 
And not thirty seconds after he walked away, my wolf went wild. 
“MATE!” 
th 
I gasped, whipping my head around. I hadn’t felt that pull in ten years. I’d convinced myself, somewhere along the way, that I’d qutgrown it or buried it deep enough that it wouldn’t work anymore. As if the bond Gideon and I shared could simply be erased with time. 
But I was wrong. It worked exactly the same as it always had, which was to say it worked like a freight train. 
Gideon was maybe fifteen feet away and getting closer. 
My stomach dropped straight through the floor, 
He looked older. Of course he did-ten years was ten years-but he wore it well, which was deeply inconvenient, Broader in the shoulders than I remembered. A few handsome lines around the eyes. The same jaw, the same way of moving through a room like he owned it, and he was looking directly at me. 
Shit. Shit shit shit! 
Trying to remain casual, I quickly turned and walked into the crowd. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 332
Chapter 332 
I didn’t run, because that would only draw attention, and the last thing I needed was a scene. But I moved quickly and deliberately, putting as many bodies as possible between me and him, weaving back and forth in the hopes of losing him. 
Had he known that I was going to be here? 
That was the only explanation. He must have found out somehow, maybe through Sebastian, or maybe through some other channel I hadn’t thought about, and he had come here specifically to find me. 
Ten years of thinking I was safe and it ended at a banquet in Evergreen because I’d listened to Claire and gotten on the road like an idiot. 
I found the bathroom at the end of a side corridor and got inside and locked the door. 
It was a single occupancy room, small, with a mirror above the sink and a window above the toilet that looked out onto the side of the building. I stood at the sink and gripped the edges of it and looked at myself in the mirror. 
My hands were shaking. 
“Okay,” I said quietly. “Okay. Breathe, Avery. Think.” 
Gideon was out there. He’d seen me, maybe even scented me. 
But maybe he didn’t pick up my scent in time. And he might not have recognized me. He hadn’t gotten quite close enough. My hair was different, my clothes were different, and ten years had aged me, too. 
Still, I couldn’t go back out there. It was too risky. 
I looked at the window and bit the inside of my cheek. 
It was not a large window, but it would work My keys were in my pocket. I could get to my car and drive away. I’d replace anything I left behind in the guest room, mostly just clothes and toiletries. 
I climbed up onto the toilet lid, unlatched the window, and pushed it open. 
The drop on the other side was maybe six feet onto grass, which I could manage. I got my arms through, then my shoulders, then the rest of me, and dropped down onto the ground and landed in a crouch, 
I straightened up and started walking toward the front of the building. 
I made it approximately forty feet before a hand came down on my shoulder. 
1/3 
Chapter 332 
+25 Bonus 
“Hey,” said a voice behind me. “Stop right there.” 
I stopped. 
There were two of them, both male, both in the plain dark clothing that Sebastian’s guards wore. They were looking at me with obvious suspicion, and I knew right away that they had seen me climb through the window. 
“I can explain,” I said. 
“Sure you can,” said the one who had grabbed me. “Come with us. 
I thought briefly about running. My wolf was all for it. But they were both bigger than me and almost certainly faster, and I hadn’t shifted in ages, and making a break for it in the middle of an Alpha’s formal event would probably make things considerably worse than they already were. 
So I went with them. 
They walked me back inside, through a side entrance, then down a corridor I hadn’t seen before that ran along the back of the hall. I could hear the noise of the event on the other side of the wall, the music and conversation carrying through. 
“Where are you taking me?” I asked. 
“To the Alpha,” said the one on my left. 
“I’m actually a guest here. I’m not-I wasn’t doing anything. I just needed some air.” 
“Through a window?” 
“I couldn’t find the door?” I replied. 
Neither of them responded to that, 
They brought me out through a set of double doors at the far end of the corridor and into what looked like a wide courtyard at the rear of the building. There were torches lit around the perimeter, and a crowd had gathered, guests who had apparently filtered out from the event, forming a rough circle around the center of the space, 
The guards stopped, and I blinked, rubbing my eyes to focus on what I was seeing. 
Sebastian was in the center of the circle of torches. He had his shirt off and his jaw 
set. 
And across from him, also shirtless, was none other than Gideon, 
2/3 
Chapter 339 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 333
Chapter 333 
Avery’s POV 
I was shoved through the double doors and into the courtyard. The guards deposited me along the outer edge of the circle and then took up a position behind me, blocking my exit. 
Not that I was trying to run at this point anyway. I was too busy staring at the scene I’d walked into. 
1111 
Sebastian and Gideon were circling each other as the torchlight played off the planes of their shoulders. They were both shirtless both glaring at the other, both growling low in their throats in that way challenging Alphas did. 
I told myself to look away. I told myself to watch for an opportunity to slip back through the doors, to put distance between myself and this entire situation before it got any worse. My keys were still in my pocket. My car was still out front. I could still get out of this if I ran fast enough. 
But I didn’t. I… couldn’t. 
Watching Gideon like this made my wolf surge properly for the first time in years. 
He looked different than I remembered, and also exactly the same. The decade that had passed had given him a harder set to his jaw, a little silver at his temples, and lines that hadn’t been there before. 
But his body was still what it always was. Broad shouldered, every muscle in his back moving cleanly under his skin as he turned. He was bigger and bulkier than Sebastian, and despite the years he had on the younger Alpha, he had clearly not lost any muscle. If anything, he looked like he’d been training harder than ever. 
“He’s perfect,” my wolf whined. “Like a fine wine-” 
I shut her down before the feeling could take hold and breathed in carefully through my nose, making sure I wasn’t creating a scent. The last thing I needed right now was for Gideon to catch my scent while I was standing thirty feet away from him in the middle of a crowd, 
Suddenly, the two of them lunged. Sebastian moved first, which didn’t surprise me -he was leaner, younger, and hotter-blooded-but Gideon sidestepped it almost lazily and got ahold of his arm long enough to redirect him hard into the dirt. 
Sebastian came back up without stopping and they locked again, grappling. For several long moments, the fight was completely even. Neither of them got a proper 
1/2 
Charter 333 
+25 Bonus 
hit in on the other. 
I glanced over to see that a woman had appeared next to me. She looked like she was one of the women from Sebastian’s pack, based on her long, wavy hair and her bare feet sticking out from beneath her long skirt 
“This is an evenly matched fight,” I pointed out. 
She didn’t pull her eyes away from the fight. “For now. But not for long. Alpha Sebastian will take him down.” 
“I don’t know, it seems like Alpha Gideon can hold his own,” I said carefully. 
The woman laughed wryly. “He used to. He was one of the strongest Alphas in the territories not that long ago.” She shook her head. “But he’s been running himself into the ground for years. Everyone knows it Searching the forest, following cold leads, barely sleeping. All over some dead woman.” 
I kept my eyes on the fight even though my heart pounded. “Dead woman?” 
“His Luna. She died about ten years ago, or that’s what everyone assumes, anyway- they never found a body, just a finger. But he never accepted it, and he’s been hunting ever since. Chasing her ghost through the forest instead of leading his pack.” 
She tilted her head and finally glanced at me. “You can see it on him if you know what to look for. He’s getting old and tired, and his mind is too focused on her. Sebastian doesn’t have any of those problems.” 
I glanced at Gideon and realized that the woman was right. It was there in the small things. The half-second delay in his recovery when Sebastian landed a hit. The way he absorbed the blow rather than evading it, like he was trying to conserve his energy. He was still an excellent fighter, but he wasn’t what he once was. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 334
Chapter 334 
Because of me. 
The thought landed hard in my stomach. 
Had Gideon really been searching for me all this time? Running himself ragged, risking his pack, just to find me? 
For a moment, my heart fluttered, and my wolf stirred as I watched Gideon circle the ring, flexing his muscular, bare shoulders. 
But I quickly tamped the feeling down. 
He only ever wanted an heir. And now the heir was a ten-year-old boy who was sitting at home right now playing video games and eating his grandmother’s cooking, and if Gideon ever found out about him, he would take Bjorn away from me without blinking. 
That was why he was searching. Not for me, but for his bloodline. And if he found me or Bjorn, he would basically imprison both of us. I’d be forced to bear more children, more heirs, while he did whatever he wanted. 
I kept telling myself that, even as my wolf howled desperately. 
It happened fast. Sebastian feinted, then popped up behind Gideon and wrenched his arm up behind his back. Gideon was forced down to one knee. 
I took a step forward. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” the guard behind me barked. He roughly grabbed my upper arm and yanked me back, 
Finally, after a tense struggle, Gideon wrenched his arm free. He used his leverage to throw Sebastian off balance, then rolled away and popped up at the other side of the ring. 
They both stood there, breathless and sweaty and covered in dirt and clearly exhausted, 
Nothing happened for a few seconds. The crowd held its breath. So did I. Only the woman beside me remained calm. She shot the a wink before she turned and sauntered away, disappearing, 
Finally, Sebastian and Gideon lowered their fists. 
“We’ll call it a draw for now,” Sebastian said coolly, wiping his brow with his 
1/3 
Chapter 334 
+25 Bonus 
forearm. “But one day, Alpha Gideon, I will take you down.” 
Gideon lifted his chin. “I’m not counting on it.” 
This was my chance. Gideon was wiping his face with a cloth his Beta handed him, and Sebastian was pulling his shirt back on. The crowd was dispersing, murmuring about the equal fight. 
I needed to slip away before Gideon spotted me. Glancing at the guards, who were momentarily distracted by settling a bet they’d quietly placed during the fight, I decided to make a run for it. 
I made it all of two steps before they grabbed me. 
“Nice try,” one said. 
The one on the left got hold of my arm and the one on the right got the other, and they walked me back toward the center of the courtyard, right toward Sebastian and Gideon. 
“She came out through one of the side windows,” one said, shoving me to my knees in front of Sebastian. “We caught her outside. Could be a threat.” 
“I told you, I’m a guest!” I protested. 
Sebastian turned and froze when he saw me there. 
Gideon turned, too. 
His eyes moved over my face. My shorter hair. The clothes, the years, all of it. 
His expression fell. He dropped the cloth he was holding and took a halting step forward, one hand reaching toward me… 
“Avery?” he whispered, 
My heart pounded for too many reasons. I knew I needed to run, but right now, I couldn’t seem to decide if I wanted to run away from him or toward him, and that was the most painful part, 
But it didn’t matter anyway. Because before I could make a decision, Sebastian took 
hand and pulled me to my feet, drawing ne close to his side. 
my 
“Is this any way to treat my guest?” he barked at the guards, 
HY 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 335
Chapter 335 
Gideon’s POV 
I think I stopped breathing, but I couldn’t be entirely sure. I might have passed out for all I knew. Hell, maybe I even died during the fight, and the woman before me was an angel. 
But I knew it was her. 
She looked up, and the torchlight hit her face, and my wolf went wild. He just knew, all at once, the way he had always known, the way he had known from the very first moment ten years ago when we held each other in the forest on that dark night. 
It was Avery. 
Our mate. 
Her hair was different. Shorter, darker, cut close to her jaw. She was wearing human clothes and she had aged. But it was her. It was unquestionably, absolutely her. 1 
I dropped the cloth Tegan had handed me. 
“Avery?” 
She looked up at me. For a moment, I saw something that looked an awful lot like love cross her gaze, but she quickly slammed a hard wall of ice over it and looked away. I froze with my hand still slightly extended. 
Sebastian pulled her to her feet, pulling her against his side, and said something sharp to the guards about how they were treating his guest. I barely heard it. I was still staring at her. 
She didn’t look at me again, 
My wolf was going wild. For the first time in a decade, his presence wasn’t hollow and full of yearning, but rather bursting with joy. Every nerve ending was firing at once. The reaction was almost violent in its intensity: I wanted to shift and wrap myself around her and never let go. 
She was alive, 
She was alive, and she was standing right there, and… 
And she wasn’t looking at me. 
Before I could speak, Sebastian guided her away. My throat tightened. I couldn’t let her get away again- 
1/3 
Chapter 335 
+25 Bonus 
But just as I was about to follow her, Sebastian’s Beta stepped in my path with a malevolent sneer. I tried to peer over his shoulder, but Sebastian and Avery were already gone. 
“The event’s over for you, I’m afraid,” the Beta said. 
“Get out of my way.” 
“Alpha Sebastian has asked that you and your Beta be escorted out.” He gestured behind me, and I turned to find that two of Sebastian’s guards had materialized from the shadows. They positioned between me and the rest of the house. “He thanks you for coming, but it’s time for you to leave.” 
“I’m not finished here,” I growled. “My mate-” 
“This isn’t up for discussion.” Colt tilted his head. “The Alpha wants you gone, so unless you want to be humiliated for a second time tonight, I’d suggest you go cleanly.” 
I glared down at the hot-headed Beta for a long moment. He looked back without a hint of fear or respect, and I knew if I started something here it would be four against one in Sebastian’s house on Sebastian’s territory. 
The last thing I wanted to do was leave. But couldn’t get to Avery if I was in a holding cell, so I decided to comply. For now! 
At least she was alive. That was the most important thing. 
Goddess, Avery is alive! 
I shot Colt one last angry look, then turned and walked out of the courtyard. 
The guards followed, making sure we actually left. Tegan fell into step beside me without a word, and we went out through a side door, then toward the driveway where the car was parked. The guards followed us all the way and watched us as we climbed into the car, 
Tegan got into the driver’s seat, which was for the best, because my hands were shaking too much to drive, As he pulled out of the driveway, I looked up at the house. 
“She’s alive,” I said thickly, 
19 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 336
Chapter 336 
+25 Bonus 
“What do you want to do?” 
What I wanted to do was go back inside and find her and talk to her. I wanted to know where she had been, how she had survived, what she had been doing for ten years. I wanted to know why she had never come back, why she had let me search that river, why she had stood there in that courtyard and looked me in the eye and then turned 
away. 
I had a lot of questions. A decade’s worth of them. 
“She didn’t seem happy to see me,” I said. 
Tegan didn’t respond to that immediately. 
“She looked away,” I went on. “On purpose. She saw me and she recognized me and she just-looked away.” 
“I noticed.” 
I looked at him. “Why would she do that?” 
He pressed his lips together. “I don’t know. 
I looked in the rearview mirror as the house faded into the distance. Avery was somewhere in there, and I was just going to leave? 
What if she needed me? What if she was here against her own will? I’d seen the way those guards treated her, and I’d heard about her reluctance to work with werewolves; what if she was in danger? 
“Stop the car,” I said abruptly. 
Tegan slowed the car to a stop in the middle of the road. The hedges now blocked the estate, although I could still see the roof above them. 
“What are you doing?” He glanced at me as unbuckled my seatbelt and reached for the door handle. 
“I need to talk to her. Find a good spot to hide the car and wait for my signal. Keep the engine running in case we need to make a swift escape.” 
My Beta’s eyes widened, “You’re not seriously thinking of sneaking into Sebastian’s house, are you? After you were literally escorted out?” 
“She could be in danger.” 
1/2 
Chapter 356 
+25 Bonus 
“He called her his guest and scolded the guards for how they handled her.” 
“That could be for show. She looked terrified.” 
Tegan stared at me. I hated the implication in his gaze-that she could have been terrified of me. As if that made any sense. 
No. I wouldn’t believe that. 
“I’m not leaving,” I said. “Not until I get a chance to talk to her.” 
He exhaled through his nose. “Fine. I’ll find a spot to pull off the road.” He shot me a warning look. “Just… Don’t get yourself killed, please. And don’t start an 
international incident.” 
“I make no promises.” 
He simply shook his head as I opened the car door and got out. 
I waited on the side of the road, keeping myself hidden in the shadows of the hedges, until the sound of the car engine faded away. Then, I turned back to the house and spent a few moments studying it. The main doors were out of the question. There were two guards posted there and Colt would likely surface the moment anything went down. 
The side of the building was darker. There were windows along the ground floor, most of them lit from within, and toward the back, I could see a section where the stonework jutted out and created natural holds about eight feet up. 
There was a window above it that was dark, which meant whatever was on the other side was unoccupied, at least for now. 
I crossed the drive, staying off the path and moving along the tree line where the lights didn’t reach. When I got to the side of the building, I stopped and listened. There were muffled voices coming from inside, and the distant sound of music was still playing in the banquet hall. The guards at the front were talking to each other, momentarily distracted, 
I reached up, got my hands on the stones, and pulled myself up just before they turned. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you, 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 337
Chapter 337 
Avery’s POV 
By 
迪 
Sebastian’s study was quiet and warm compared to the courtyard. He had sent everyone else away, leaving just the two of us now, sitting across from each other in the armchairs near the fireplace while he dabbed ointment onto my palms with careful, gentle movements. 
The ointment stung at first, but quickly cooled the cuts on my skin. I’d scraped them on the ground when the guards pushed me down. Or maybe when I was climbing out the window like a madwoman. The whole night was such a blur that I really wasn’t 
sure. 
TIN 
n 
ци 
31 
“I’m sorry about the guards,” he said. “They were overzealous.” 
“I brought it onto myself by climbing out your bathroom window.” 
Sebastian paused and looked at me with an arched brow. “You what?” 
I cleared my throat. “I was trying to make a timely escape. Unfortunately, it wasn’t so timely.” 
He stared at me for a moment before he went back to applying the ointment. “Can I ask why?” 
I watched the firelight move on the wall behind him and tried to decide how much to say. I hadn’t planned on saying anything at all. I hadn’t planned on being here right now. I should have just stayed home. 
“There was someone at the event I wasn’t expecting to see,” I said carefully. 
Sebastian didn’t respond right away. He smoothed the last of the ointment across my right palm, then set the tin down and reached for the gauze. 
“Who?” 
“Alpha Gideon.” I sighed and watched as he wrapped my hands. “He’s my… my ex. 
Ex felt like a bad way to put it, I wasn’t sure if that was accurate; he was my mate, my lover, the father of my child, my tormentor. 
}) 
Sebastian finished wrapping my hands and sat back in his chair, studying me. “You know, I’ve been trying to figure you out since I first started researching your 
company. There was almost nothing to find.” 
“I’m a private person.” 
h 
1/2 
Chapter 337 
+25 Bonus 
“You’re hiding,” he said matter-of-factly. Or rather, you were. Now, I guess it doesn’t matter, does it? Because the man you were hiding from knows you exist.” 
I nodded slowly and looked down at my lap. 
“So you’re the one he’s been looking for all these years,” Sebastian said. 
“Yeah.” I glanced up. “How did you know?” 
“Everyone in the territories knows about it, he said. “The Alpha of Nightwolf who lost his Luna and never recovered. He spends half his time running around in the forest instead of leading his pack.” 
I said nothing. 
“Look, I’m not going to push you for details if you don’t want to give them,” he said. “Whatever happened between you two is your business. But I want you to know that none of this changes anything on my end. The partnership offer still stands.” 
I sighed heavily. “I’m not sure if that’s a good idea. I can’t get involved with him again.” 
“Evergreen is nowhere near Nightwolf territory,” he assured me. “Whatever you’re afraid of, I can promise you that Gideon has no reach here. Whatever agreement you and I come to going forward, he has no part in it and no say over it.” 
I thought about Sebastian’s offer for a long moment before I shook my head. 
“Tonight proved that coming back to the packs isn’t as simple as I thought it was. I had convinced myself that I could do this, and that nothing from my old life would follow me. But it did, on my very first night, no less.” I shot him a watery smile. ” Gideon is ruthless. He’ll stop at nothing to get me back. The safest thing for me to do is to stay in the human lands and cut all ties to the packs.” 
“So you’re refusing my offer.” 
A 
www 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 338
Chapter 338 
“I think I have to, Sebastian.” 
Sebastian was quiet for a moment. He sat back in his chair and looked at the fire. 
“Well,” he said after a pause, “for what it’s worth, I don’t think you have as much to worry about as you think. Whatever Gideon was ten years ago, he’s not that anymore. He’s not well, Avery. He hasn’t been for a long time. Half his pack has given up on him. He’s a man who can’t hold himself together and therefore can’t pose much of a threat to anyone. Not even you.” 
Sebastian’s words were probably meant to set me at ease, but they only sent a pang through my chest that I didn’t expect. To think that Gideon had been searching for me all this time, running himself ragged, risking his pack, all because he refused to believe that I was truly dead… 
It was a sweet sentiment. 
But it didn’t change the fact that I knew he was just searching for me so he could get his heir. 
“I can’t stay.” I looked at him. “I’m sorry.” 
Sebastian held my gaze for a moment. Then he nodded once, accepting it, although I could tell that he wasn’t particularly thrilled about it. He stood and extended his hand to me. I took it, letting him pull me to my feet. 
“At least stay the night,” he said, glancing at his watch. “It’s late. You’ll be safe here, and I’ll have one of my men follow you back to the human border tomorrow, so you won’t be unprotected.” 
“Thank you,” I said. I really was tired; so it was probably best to get some sleep before I made the hours-long drive. 
With that, Sebastian crossed toward the door, then paused with his hand on the frame and looked back. “If you change your mind,” he said, “just know that my offer won’t ever expire.” 
I smiled despite everything. “I’ll keep that in mind.” 
He left, pulling the door softly shut behind him. 
I sat there for a while after he was gone, just staring at the fire. My hands throbbed under the bandages. The house had gone quiet around me, the last of the event sounds having faded out. Through the window, the grounds were dark and still. 
1/2 
Chapter 336 
+25 Bonus 
Returning to the packs would have been good for Bjorn. I knew that. I had known it sitting in my kitchen the night I finally agreed to come here, and I knew it now. Sebastian’s pack was warm and well-run, and his wolves were healthy and looked after each other, and the life Bjorn wanted so badly was all right here. 
But Gideon was right here too, as it turned out. Or close enough. 
I stood and went to bed. 
Back in my room, I turned on the shower and pulled my phone out of my purse while I was waiting for the water to heat up. My brows shot up when I saw that my mother had called me several times during the party, and had left a voicemail. 
My pulse spiked. I quickly tapped on the voicemail and held the phone to my ear, biting my lip as I listened to her voice. 
“Avery, it’s Mom. Call me back as soon as you get this. Something happened with Bjorn. He- I don’t know how to explain it. He shifted out of nowhere. He was completely out of control, and I tried to calm him down but he-” 
There was a shaky breath on the line. 
“He bit me,” she said. Her voice trembled like she was holding back tears. “And then he bolted out the back door and I can’t find him anywhere. He’s gone, Avery. He’s 
missing.” 
Missing. 
The word pierced my chest like a silver arrow. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you, 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 339
Chapter 339 
Avery’s POV 
I didn’t hesitate. I grabbed my bag off the chair and started shoving everything I’d brought into it, which thankfully wasn’t too much, all while my mother’s voicemail. played on a loop in my head. 
Bjorn was missing. 
I pulled my jacket on, slung my bag over my shoulder, and looked around the room once to make sure I hadn’t left anything behind. Then, I quickly crossed the room to leave. 
Suddenly, before I reached the door, a figure stepped out of the closet. 
Tall, dark, with eyes shining at me in the dim light. 
“Avery,” Gideon’s voice said. “You’re alive. 
I stumbled back, gasping, and pressed my hand to my chest. My heart was pounding so hard it was painful. 
“How long were you hiding in there?!” I blurted out. 
He froze, looking at me. “We need to talk.” 
He took a step forward, and I took one back, but it wasn’t enough space between us. My wolf surged again, howling louder than ever as Gideon’s scent washed over me. 
“Avery, I’ve been looking for you for ten years.” 
Gideon’s voice slipped into my mind like butter. I didn’t have enough time to tamp down our bond before he did it. My wolf went even more wild, raging against the inside of my chest, pushing at the surface of my skin, begging to be set free. 
“Mate. Mate. MATE!” 
I shoved her down with all the force I had, 
I knew what she wanted, She had been waiting ten years for exactly this moment, and she didn’t care about any of the rest of it. She didn’t care about what he’d said about me, or what he’d done throughout our “relationship”, or how he saw me-not as a person, but a broodmare to produce heirs with. 
She just wanted her mate back, and she would have walked us straight into his arms if I had let her. 
1/3 
Chapter 339 
But I knew things she didn’t bother to remember. 
+25 Bonus 
I knew what it felt like to be his mate without hearing the words “I love you”. I knew how he saw me. I knew what he’d said when he told Asher that he only wanted our child, never me. I knew what Deirdre had told me in the greenhouse, and even if half of it was designed to hurt me, it didn’t mean that none of it was true. 
And most of all, I knew about Bjorn. 
If Gideon found out about Bjorn, then it was over. He would take him. He would take my son back to Nightwolf and raise him as his heir and I would be dragged along behind them, back into that life, useful only as long as I could produce more children and compliant enough not to cause trouble. 
That was what I was to him. That was all I had ever been. 
I needed to get out.. 
Gritting my teeth, I crossed the distance,between us and shoved him, both hands flat against his chest, putting every ounce of strength I had into it. He was bigger than me and it shouldn’t have worked, but I caught him off guard and he went back a step, and that was all I needed. I was through the door before he recovered. 
I heard him call my name behind me, but I didn’t stop. 
My wolf howled desperately. She was still howling as I hit the bottom of the stairs, still howling as I pushed through the side door and out into the cold night air, still howling as I threw my bag into the passenger seat and got the car started. 
She continued to howl as I pulled out of the driveway. 
But I never stopped. I never looked back. 
Finding Bjorn was the only thing that mattered. 
Gideon’s POV 
I stood in the empty doorway for a second, staring at the spot where she had just been. 
She shoved me. She looked me in the eye, put both hands on my chest, and shoved me out of her way like I was merely an inanimate blocking the exit. And then she was gone before I could say anything, 
She wasn’t listening to reason, clearly. Perhaps her view of what was happening was 
2/3 
Chapter 339 
+25 Bonus 
skewed, or perhaps something horrible had happened that was forcing her to run. Either way, I couldn’t let her slip through my fingers-not again. Not when I’d only just found her after ten years of searching. 
Comments 
Support 
9 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 340
Chapter 340 
So I ran after her. 
Ignoring the guards who shouted and chased me, I flew down the stairs and out the side door and across the driveway. I could already see the tail lights of her car turning out of the gate onto the road. I mind inked Tegan and told him to meet me. He simply sent back a responding “Yes, Sir, before the connection cut off. 
I’d just made it out onto the road when Tegan appeared, tires screeching on the asphalt. I pulled the door open before the car had fully stopped and got in. 
“Which way?” 
“I think she’s heading back toward the human lands.” I buckled my seatbelt. “She had a head start.” 
Tegan floored the accelerator without hesitating and whipped toward the direction she’d disappeared. The road was narrow,out here and unlit, and windy in areas. We picked up her tail lights after about a minute, two red dots like eyes in the dark ahead of us. 
“There!” I shouted. “Faster!” 
Tegan pushed harder on the gas pedal. We were closing the gap slowly. I watched her lights and tried to think past the noise in my head long enough to figure out what I was going to say if we actually caught up to her, because the last attempt hadn’t gone particularly well. 
Suddenly, a deer came out of nowhere. 
It leapt into the middle of the road and froze the moment it saw the headlights. Cursing, Tegan hit the brakes hard and wrenched the wheel. 
The car went sideways. For one long second I felt the rear end of the car slide out on the wet road, and then the front passenger side.dropped and we were in the ditch. 
Neither of us spoke for a moment. 
Only after several long seconds did I break the silence. 
“Fuck!” I slammed my hands on the dashboard. “Fuck fuck FUCK!” 
Once I’d calmed myself, “Tegan looked at me We were both out of breath, “You injured?” he asked. 
“What does it fucking matter?” I dragged my hands through my hair so hard that a 
1/2 
Chapter 340 
+25 Bonus 
few came loose. “She’s fucking gone!” 
Tegan put the car in reverse and tried to get us out of the ditch. The wheels just spun, half in the air, half in the mud. The car didn’t budge. 
Still cursing like a sailor, I got out of the car to assess the damage. 
The ditch wasn’t deep but the angle was bad and the ground was soft and muddy from earlier rain. Most importantly, there was no way in hell we were going to get out in time to chase Avery down. We could shift and chase her car in wolf form, but we’d still never keep up. She had a nice sportscar that looked like it cost a fortune and it was fast as hell. 
I stood on the road and looked in the direction Avery had gone, at the long empty stretch of nothing, and I put my hands on top of my head and exhaled. 
She was gone. Again. 
But she was alive. That meant that not all was lost. 
“Why the fuck wouldn’t she talk to me?” I whispered. 
Tegan climbed out of the car and came around to look at the wheels. He crouched down, pressed his lips together, and simply sighed. 
We had been trying to get the car out of the ditch for about ten minutes to no avail when headlights appeared from further down the road. They were coming from the direction of Sebastian’s estate, which meant that it wasn’t Avery, but it was also a bad sign. Likely we were being followed now because I had snuck into the house. 
Tegan and I both stood, preparing for a potential fight. The car pulled up slowly and stopped alongside us. 
But when the window rolled down, I froze. 
A woman looked out at me. Young, beautiful with sharp eyes and a smile that I recognized all too well. 
“Gideon?” she said. “Is that you?” 
W 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
ID 
WZAIME 
仙 
Support 
ww 
WHICH IT 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 341
Chapter 341 
Avery’s POV 
The drive home took hours, but I hardly noticed any of it. 
I remember the rain starting somewhere around the second hour, fat drops hitting the windscreen faster and faster. I remember stopping for gas at some point and sitting in the car afterward with my hands on the wheel and my forehead dropped against it for about thirty seconds before I made myself keep going. 
Finally, I pulled into the driveway at just past three in the morning. 
My mother was still awake, sitting in the kitchen in her robe with a cup of tea cold in front of her and a bandage wrapped around her forearm. She stood the moment I came through the door. 
“He’s not back,” she said. 
“I know.” I dropped my bag. “How bad is the bite?” 
gone 
“It’s fine. It’s not deep.” She held up her arm. “Avery, I’m so sorry. It happened so fast. He was just sitting at the table eating his dinner and then he started shifting out of nowhere. Then he attacked me and ran off.” 
“Did you call the police?” 
Her face fell “I did, but they told me that it would have to be twenty-four hours until they start a missing person search.” 
“What?” I breathed. “He’s ten! That makes no sense for a kid his age!” 
“I know.” My mother passed her hands over her face. “They said that given his track record with the school, he’s likely just throwing a tantrum and will return.” 
My jaw clenched. I couldn’t believe it. My son had been missing for hours and the human police wouldn’t do anything because he already had a record as a troublemaker”. 
“I’m sorry, Avery,” my mother said softly. 
“It’s not your fault.” I was already reaching for my raincoat. “Stay here. I’m gonna go look for him.” 
“Okay. Be safe.” 
“I will.” 
1/3 
Chptr 4 
+25 Bonus 
I searched our street first, going up and down both sides, calling his name. Nothing. I checked the backyard, the side alley, and the small park at the end of the road. I walked four blocks in every direction with my hood up and the rain coming down hard and my throat getting raw from calling his name into the dark. 
Then I stopped on the corner and thought about what I would do in his position. 
Bjorn in pup form, terrified and ashamed, in the middle of the city. He wouldn’t stay in the open. He wouldn’t go anywhere with people. He’d go somewhere familiar, somewhere he felt safe, somewhere small and contained where he could just wait it 
out. 
Suddenly, I knew exactly where. 
The playground was six blocks away, tucked between two residential streets behind a low iron fence. We used to come here when he was little, before his wolf started causing problems. 
He used to love the tunnel slide—the long enclosed one that curved at the bottom- because you couldn’t see into it from the outside and he could sit in there and look out at the other kids without being seen. 
I ran the whole way. 
Just as I suspected, Bjorn was in the tunnel slide. 
I almost missed him. The whole park was empty and dark and the rain was coming down hard enough that the sound of it drowned out everything else. But then I looked at the slide and saw a faint, dark shape at the curve of the tunnel, and I crouched down at the opening. 
A small, dark-furred pup looked back at me with miserable eyes. 
“Hey,” I said. “There you are.” 
He whimpered softly and scooched further into the slide. He was shivering badly. Even from here I could see that his fur was completely soaked through. 
“Come here,” I said, opening my arms. “Come on. It’s just me.” 
He didn’t move. 
I reached into my pocket and pulled out the tiny pouch that I always kept on me, just in case I ever needed it. 
Peppermint. 
2/3 
Chapter 341 
+25 Bonus 
“Breathe in,” I said gently, holding the pouch toward his muzzle. He flinched away, but then he caught a whiff of it, and slowly, he extended his neck and snuffled tentatively. 
A few moments passed. 
It took longer than usual. His wolf was fighting it, exhausted and terrified, but eventually, his eyes brightened. After a few minutes, he shifted. Where a pup once huddled, a boy now lay curled up in a ball. 
He looked up at me with glassy eyes. 
“Mommy?” 
My heart cracked. “Come here, baby,” I whispered. I held my arms open, and Bjorn scooched into them. I held him tightly against my body, tucking him into my coat, then stood. 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 342
Chapter 342 
He was getting bigger and heavier, but I could still carry him with both arms. He wrapped his legs around me beneath my coat and rested his head on my shoulder, and I carried him all the way home. 
By the time we got back, he was fast asleep. His chest was rattling faintly with each inhale, and when I checked his temperature after getting him dry and warm, he had a fever. 
Our regular doctor came within the hour after I called. He checked Bjorn over thoroughly, taking his temperature and his pulse and shining a light in his eyes, and when he was done he stood back and turned to me. I followed him out into the hallway so Bjorn could rest. 
“I’ll be honest with you,” he said quietly once we were alone. “I’ve never seen symptoms like this before. This is beyond what I can treat.” 
“But I know it’s from angelica,” I pointed out. “Bjorn came to you once before when he was accidentally exposed.” Bjorn had been two at the time. It was before his wolf emerged, so he simply had an allergic reaction to the flower. But this very doctor had treated him. 
“Yes, but his symptoms are worse because his wolf emerged too early. I think you need a werewolf doctor. I can manage the fever tonight, but I’m afraid the Demonblood allergy will only get worse over time.” 
I stood in the hallway after he left and looked at the closed door of Bjorn’s room for a long time. 
Then I went downstairs. 
The kitchen was dark. I beelined to the table without turning on the light and snatched the vase off the table. 
The angelica flowers were on full display. My mother must have bought a bouquet without realizing what was in it. 
I picked up the vase with both hands and walked outside in my socks and dropped the flowers into the outside trash can, vase and all. For a long moment after, I stood there in the cold with my eyes burning and my jaw clenched. 
My mother hadn’t known. She was forgetful sometimes, and not great with identifying plants. I didn’t blame her, but it still hurt. 
I stood there until I was soaked through, until the rain plastered my clothes to my 
1/3 
Chapter 342 
+25 Bonus 
skin and I began to shiver. Only then did I go back inside. 
The werewolf doctor arrived the following afternoon. She was a small, brisk werewolf woman who our primary care doctor had recommended. She examined Bjorn for a long time while I sat on the edge of the bed and watched. When she was finished, she asked me to step out into the hallway. 
“His wolf is severely weakened,” she said, “and not just from the reaction. This has been building for a while. A young wolf like Bjorn, at this stage of development, needs certain things that the human lands simply can’t provide.” 
“What do you mean?” I wrung my hands. 
“The flora here is wrong for him. The food is wrong. The air quality, the energy, the community-wolves are pack animals, and his wolf knows it isn’t where it’s supposed to be. That kind of chronic stress wears on them.” She looked at me levelly. “If you stay here, this will get worse. Another exposure to angelica could kill him.” 
“Then I won’t let him get exposed-” 
“His wolf could die if you don’t get him to the packs,” she cut me off. 
My jaw tightened. The doctor left me with a list of supplements and instructions for the next few days, but reiterated just how serious this was. I thanked her and saw her out and then went back to Bjorn’s room. 
He was asleep. The fever had come down enough that his face wasn’t flushed 
anymore, 
and he looked more like himself. 
He looked so… young. He looked like what he was, which was a little boy who hadn’t asked for any of this. 
To think that keeping him here could be 
After everything that happened at Evergreen, the last thing I wanted was to go back to the packs. I had come home telling myself it was settled, that I had made my decision not to return ever again. 
But it was never going to be that simple, was it? 
I didn’t want to go back. After what happened, that was the last thing I ever wanted for myself or for Bjorn. 
But if my son’s life was on the line, then I had no choice. 
Everything I ever did was always for him. 
2/3 
Chapter 342 
This would have to be for him, too. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+25 Bonus 
get it 
3/3 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 343
Chapter 343 
before she even fully rolled the window down. (1) 
The sharp green eyes. The sleek dark hair that was always pulled back into a neat bun with a claw clip. The way she smiled at me as if she’d been expecting to find me stranded in a ditch on a back road at night, like it was all part of a plan she’d made earlier in the week. 
Knowing her, she probably had. 
“Fiona,” I said flatly by way of greeting. 
“Alpha Gideon.” She looked past me at the car and tilted her head. “Looks like you’re in a bit of a predicament.” 
“I’m aware.” 
She put the car in park and got out even though I never asked her to. As usual, she was wearing stilettos and a tight-fitting black dress under a designer trench coat. I had never seen Fiona in anything casual. 
That was her father’s doing, of course. She was only seventeen, going on eighteen, but she hadn’t been allowed to act her age as long as I had known her. She always had to look a decade older, a decade wiser, all in her pursuit of me. 1 
I watched her crouch down and look at the wheels with a small flashlight. Tegan glanced at me from the other side of the car. I shot him a look, and he remained quiet. 
“You’ve got traction on the front left,” she said, straightening. “If we hook a line to the rear and pull at the right angle, it’ll come out.” She smiled. “I’ve got a tow strap.” 
“Of course you do,” I muttered. She didn’t hear me over the rain. 
Two years. Two years of this. 
It had started in the eighth year after Avery disappeared. 
I remembered the day Alpha Matthew showed up at Nightwolf like it happened yesterday. Eight years of searching and I’d found nothing. My pack was growing impatient. Word was spreading. Other packs were looking at me like I was a potential candidate for absorbing into their territories, stripping me of my title and power as if I were an old wolf with no dignity left. 
Alpha Matthew arrived with a small escort and no prior notice. He was large, well-dressed, with silver in his hair and a lot of authority for a male his age. He walked right into my study like he owned the place and sat down across from me. 
“Alpha Gideon,” he said, tenting his fingers, “I have a proposal for you,’ 
He told me he had been watching Nightwolf for some time. He knew I was on the rocks, that my pack was losing faith and respect in me, that my alliances were starting to crumble because other Alphas feared that I was no longer reliable. 
1/4 
Chapter 343 
+25 Bonus 
Then, he made his offer. 
He proposed an alliance. Resources. Money. 
I didn’t care about that, but when he said he could help me find Avery, my interest had been piqued. 
But there were strings attached. 
He had a daughter. At the time, she was sixteen years old. Her name was Fiona, and he wanted her to be my Luna. 
I remembered feeling a little sick to my stomach while he explained the terms. She was too young now, so the official engagement would have to wait for another two years. But her father intended to arrange it regardless, so that when she turned eighteen, the agreement would already be in place. 
The title of Luna, and all future heirs, would belong to Fiona. 
I’d told him I already had a mate. And if he was offering to help me find Avery, then why would he expect me to marry his daughter? 
What Matthew said next both surprised and infuriated me. He said that if Avery was somehow still alive and I managed to find her, he and Fiona would not stand in the way of the mate bond. But the arrangement still stood. Avery would not get the title of Luna. Fiona would. If Avery and I ever had a child, they would not be an heir. All of that was reserved for Fiona. 
Essentially, Avery, the woman I loved, the woman I’d been pining after for eight years, would become a mistress while a fucking teenage girl became my Luna. 
The whole thing made my skin crawl. The girl was sixteen. I was in my thirties. I refused right away, but Matthew just smiled and told me that he would return in two years for my final verdict. I told him that my final verdict was no. 
He, of course, said that that might change. 
And then he left. 
I hoped to avoid him, but in the two years that passed, I saw that girl more often than I would have liked. She just kept… showing up. 
Every pack event I attended, she was there. Every trade summit, every gathering, fucking everything. 
She inserted herself into every scenario I was in. She was always watching me with those sharp eyes that were far too much like her father’s, always trying to strike up a conversation, always trying to be seductive despite the fact that she hadn’t even developed a woman’s body yet. 
I tried not to blame Fiona. She was just a teenager; her father was the creep to blame. I knew he was putting her up to all of it, pulling the strings, making her act beyond her years for an older man who would never agree to marry her. 
Now, she was about to turn eighteen, which meant that she was coming around even more often. Like 
2/4 
right now. Fucking following me like the plague. 
Tegan attached the other end of the strap to the hitch on Fiona’s car while I got back into the driver’s seat. It took two tries, but on the second pull the wheels caught and the car lurched up out of the ditch and back onto the asphalt. I sat there for a moment and let out a long breath. 
Unfortunately, Avery would be long gone by now. I’d have to try to track her down in the human lands. But at least she was alive. That was all I could have hoped for. 
When I climbed out of the car again, Fiona was already unclipping the strap from my car. She looked up 
and beamed at me. 
“So,” she said, strutting over to me, “since we’re both out, and it’s raining, I was thinking… There’s this restaurant close to here. We could get out of the rain, rest a little, maybe even-” 
“Fiona.” I turned to her. “I found her.” 
Her face fell. I didn’t have to say Avery’s name for Fiona to know exactly who I was talking about. Everyone and their mother knew exactly who I had been looking for these past ten years. 
“O-Oh,” she said, forcing her smile back into place.” And is she…” 
“She’s alive.” 
I watched as her face fell again. It hurt a little because I still couldn’t blame Fiona for anything. She was just a kid who had been manipulated by her father. I didn’t want to hurt her, but I had to be honest. 
“Fiona,” I said slowly, gently, “I’m not going to marry you. I have to get my mate back.” 
She stared at the asphalt for a long time. I could see her smile quivering, like she was battling with a frown. The smile eventually won, but when she looked up at me, her eyes were wet, and it wasn’t from 
the rain. 
“Well,” she said, “I hope I get a chance to meet her soon.” 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
D 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 344
Chapter 344 
Avery’s POV 
Bjorn’s fever broke sometime before dawn, but he still looked terrible in the morning. 
He was awake when I checked on him before I went to work, but just barely. His eyes were glassy, his skin pale and cheeks sunken. The dark circles around his eyes startled me as I stepped into his room. 
“How are you feeling?” I asked. 
He just looked at me and coughed, which was all the answer I needed. 
I pressed the back of my hand to his forehead. On the bright side, his fever felt like it had gone down. That was the only “bright side”. 
“Go back to sleep,” I said. “I’ll bring you something to eat in a little while.” 
He closed his eyes without arguing. That worried me more than anything else. Bjorn always argued these days, so if he didn’t, then that meant he was really, really sick. 
Downstairs, my mother was already in the kitchen. She’d clearly been up for a while-there was a full pot of coffee made and she was standing at the window with a mug in both hands, looking out at the yard. The bandage on her forearm was freshly changed. 
She looked at me when I came in and didn’t say anything right away. I poured myself a coffee into my travel mug and leaned back against the counter. 
“The doctor said another exposure could kill him,” I said. 
“I know.” She turned away from the window. “Avery, I’m so sorry about the flowers. I didn’t realize-” 
“Mom.” I shook my head. “I know you didn’t.” 
She nodded slowly and looked down at her mug. “What are you going to do?” 
I stared at the floor for a moment. The decision I needed to make had been swirling around in my mind since last night. I knew which one I had to choose; if my son’s life was on the line, then I had to go back 
to the packs. 
But after what happened, it was terrifying. 
Not more terrifying than letting my son die, though. 
“I’m going to take him to the packs,” I said. 
My mother let out a long breath of relief. 
“Good,” she said quietly. 
“It doesn’t feel ‘good’.” 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
“I know it doesn’t. But it doesn’t need to be permanent, and besides, maybe it’ll turn out better than you think. Bjorn should at least know more about his own people, and have a chance to visit the packs. You could always buy a house there, visit once in a while-” 
“One thing at a time, Mom,” I cut her off, although there was no heat in my voice. 
My mother nodded. “Well, I’ll stay here and hold down the fort.” She glanced at the clock. “Are you going to work today?” 
“Yeah.” I screwed the lid onto my coffee, then grabbed my jacket and purse. 
The entire drive to the office, I kept going back and forth on my decision, wondering if it was the right 
one. 
Deep down, no matter what, I knew it was. 
Over the years, I had watched Bjorn struggle in school, struggle with his wolf, struggle with being an outsider in a world that didn’t fully understand our kind. Humans did try to understand werewolves, but we were two different species, and sometimes, the differences were too glaring to ignore. 
Maybe my mom was right. If this trip to the packs went well, then maybe I could buy a small house there. Perhaps in Sebastian’s pack. Then, we could visit on occasion, but not make it permanent. 
That seemed like the most logical outcome. And the safest. 
At the office, I called Claire for a meeting. She entered my office with a notebook and a smile that I couldn’t bring myself to return. 
“I need you to take over my in-person operations for a while,” I told her, leaning back in my chair. “I don’t know exactly how long I’ll be gone. A few weeks, maybe more. I’ll handle what I can remotely, of course, but I’ll need you to step up at the office.” 
She nodded without hesitation. “No problem. What do you need from me before you go?” 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
D 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 345
Chapter 345 
I appreciated her no-nonsense attitude. We went through everything over the next hour. Claire took notes and made plans in her schedule, and I felt at ease knowing that she would handle everything perfectly. 
After the meeting, I handled the rest of my day’s affairs, making sure everything was in order. For all intents and purposes, it was a normal work day. I attended meetings, held a conference, answered phone calls, filled out paperwork. 
All day, I kept glancing at my door, fearing that Gideon-now knowing my identity in the human lands- would walk through it. 
He never did. That was a start, I supposed. 
By the end of the work day, I was exhausted and wanted to get home to check on Bjorn. But I just had one last thing to do. 
I sat with my phone in my lap for a moment before I pulled up Sebastian’s number. 
He answered on the third ring. “Avery?” 
“I need to ask you something,” I said. “And I want you to be honest with me if the answer is no.” 
“Go ahead.” 
I told him about Bjorn. I told him that my son needed pack life and proper medical care and that I didn’t have anywhere else to go. I told him I wouldn’t cause any trouble and I didn’t intend to stay longer than necessary, but I needed somewhere to stay. 
Sebastian was quiet for a moment after I finished. 
“You and your son are welcome here for as long as you need,” he said after a moment. “I’ll prepare a suite for you.” 
1 exhaled. “Thank you.” 
“My pack doctor is excellent. She’ll take good care of him.” He paused. “And Avery, you don’t need to worry about Gideon. He was escorted off my territory last night and he won’t be welcome back. I’ll ensure you’re both well protected during your stay.” 
A little voice in the back of my head wasn’t so sure about that, but I thanked him anyway and hung up. 
I sat there for a while afterward. 
Gideon’s face kept surfacing in my head no matter how many times I pushed it back down. The way he’d said my name in that courtyard. The look on his face when he stepped out of that closet. My wolf had been inconsolable for most of the night, howling at me from the inside like I had made a mistake, and I 
was exhausted from fighting her. 
But it didn’t change anything. 
1/2 
Sebastian’s pack was nowhere near Nightwolf territory. It was the safest option I had, and it was a good one, and Bjorn’s health was the only thing that mattered right now. 
Finally, I went home. My mother said Bjorn was awake, eating a little broth she’d made for him. I poked my head into his room and let out a small sigh of relief upon seeing him sitting up and more lucid than he had been that morning, although he still looked horrible. 
“Hey, kiddo.” I stepped into his room and smiled wanly. “I have something to tell you.” 
He shot me a suspicious look. 
“We’re going to the packs,” I said, walking over and sitting on the edge of his bed. “A pack called Evergreen. Their Alpha has offered to take us in for a while. Their pack doctor is good, and she can help 
with your wolf. The land is right, the air is right, and there will be other wolves your age.” 
Bjorn’s eyes widened. 
“I know it’s sudden-” 
“Are you serious?” he cut me off. 
I nodded. 
“We’re actually going? Like, for real this time? You’re not going to change your mind?” 
“I’m not going to change my mind.” 
Bjorn’s face, despite being pale and gaunt, split into a grin that I hadn’t seen in ages. It made him look younger, happier, healthier-and the way he threw his arms around me, laughing, made this entire decision worth it. 
“Thank you, Mom!” he said into my shoulder. “Thank you, thank you, thank you!” 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
P 
2/2 
Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 346
Chapter 346 
Avery’s POV 
We left at seven the next morning. The sky was gray and overcast, promising more rain on the horizon. I got Bjorn up and dressed in warm sweats, and while I packed the car, my mother got him settled in the backseat with a thermos of more of that broth. 
“He seems better this morning,” my mother pointed out once he was settled. “Like the promise of going is already healing him.” 
I snorted. “Maybe we can turn around halfway there, then.” 
“I heard that!” Bjorn protested, then immediately dissolved into a coughing fit. 
Once the car was packed with all of the necessities, I closed the trunk and turned to my mother. My shoulders dipped with a sigh. “Well, I guess this is it.” 
“Come here, sweetheart.” My mother pulled me close, holding me tight for a moment. “Everything will be alright. You’ll see.” 
I nodded, hoping she was right. 
With that, Bjorn and I left. The car ride was mostly silent through the human lands. I spotted Bjorn dozing occasionally in the rearview mirror. We’d done plenty of driving in the human lands, so nothing about it was exciting to him. 
Just before we reached the border, we stopped for gas and a bathroom break. I bought us some bad-for- you takeout burgers, a secret guilty pleasure of ours. Bjorn only nibbled on his, which was unlike him. Usually, it was one of the few human junk foods he really loved; when he was younger, he used to beg me to stop in the drive-through for fast food. 
He really was sick. 
I kept driving, turning on the radio on a low volume. Soon, the signs for the human lands border came 
into view. 
“Leaving human nation,” the signs read. “Enter werewolf packs at your own risk.” 
I shuddered as we crossed the border. The road immediately turned a touch more bumpy and windy, and the signs grew sparse. The trees on either side gradually became taller and thicker, and the temperature dropped a few degrees, even in the car. 
Bjorn perked up the moment we passed into the pack lands. He leaned forward in his seat, peering through the windshield. 
“Are we here?” he asked. 
I nodded. I could already feel the difference in the air, that sprinkle of magic that always fell like a curtain when you passed into the pack lands. The Moon Goddess’s domain always felt like that; like entering 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
into a new realm. 
My wolf reacted to the change instantly, pulling out of a deep sleep and stretching. I could feel her bristle with excitement in my chest, and when I looked at Bjorn in the rearview mirror, I could tell he was feeling 
the same. 
He had his hand pressed to his sternum, and he was staring out the window at the wild landscape with wide eyes. 
“It feels so…” 
“Freeing?” I asked. 
He nodded, then glanced at me. “Are we gonna stay here forever?” 
I hesitated for a moment. “No,” I finally said. “Just until you’re better.” 
His face fell. “Why can’t we stay?” 
“We’ve been over this, buddy.” I guided the car around over a bridge with a rocky creek flowing under it. Moss covered all of the boulders, rich green and lush. “Let’s just get there first, okay? You might not like it here as much as you think you will.” 
Bjorn muttered something snide under his breath and flopped back in his seat, taking a big bite of his burger even though it was probably stale by now. I exhaled a little, glad to see him eating. He looked a little better already. 
It was late afternoon by the time we reached the gates of Evergreen. The guards, recognizing my car, let us in without fuss. Bjorn was practically bouncing in his seat, looking out at the pack grounds with awe. 
Sebastian met us at the front of the estate himself. He came down the steps as I pulled up. Bjorn scrambled out of the car before the car even came to a full stop. I climbed out and wagged my finger at Bjorn, but I didn’t scold him. I couldn’t blame him for being excited. 
Sebastian shook my hand, then turned to Bjorn with an easy smile. “Nice to see you again, Bjorn.” 
Bjorn looked up at him. “You’re the Alpha here?” he asked. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 347
Chapter 347 
“I am.” 
“That explains a lot,” Bjorn said. “I thought you were really big before, but I didn’t know you were an Alpha. Well, my wolf said you were one, but I didn’t believe him. No offense.” 
Sebastian snorted. “None taken.” 
The estate was even bigger than I remembered from the night of the event, or maybe it just felt that way in daylight. Sebastian’s Beta, Colt, appeared and offered to give Bjorn a tour of the house while Sebastian showed me to our rooms. Bjorn swung around to look at me immediately. 
“Can I?” 
“You were running a fever two days ago,” I warned. 
“I feel fine. Mom, look at me.” He spread his arms out. “I’m fine.” 
He did look fine. He looked better, in fact, than he had in ages. Whatever it was about being in pack territory, it was clearly already working. 
“Just… Stay with Colt,” I said. “No running off.” 
Bjorn was already moving before I finished the sentence. 
Sebastian watched him go and smiled at me. “Good kid.” 
“He has his moments,” I said. 
Sebastian carried one of the bags up for me even though I told him not to, and led me through the house and up to the second floor. The suite was at the end of the hall-two bedrooms connected through a shared sitting room, with windows that looked out over the grounds. It was more than I’d expected. More than I needed, really, but it was comfortable, and I was grateful for Sebastian’s hospitality. 
“My room is just across the hall,” Sebastian said, stopping at the door. “If anything comes up, day or night, feel free to knock.” 
“Thank you.” 
Before he left, he ran me through the security setup. There were four guards assigned specifically to this wing on a rotating schedule, two at the main gate overnight, and one stationed on the grounds at all times with line of sight to the east perimeter. Nobody outside of Sebastian’s most trusted inner circle knew Bjorn and I were here. If anyone saw us, they just thought we were guests, nothing more. No specifics. 
“Even if Gideon somehow manages to find out you’re here,” he added, “he won’t be able to get to you.” 
I wanted to believe him. I really did. But I also knew Gideon, and I knew he wouldn’t give up if he found out I was here. Especially if he found out Bjorn was here. 
1/2 
Sebastian, noticing the look on my face, placed his hand on my shoulder. “Bjorn’s presence here will be highly guarded.” 
“Thank you,” I muttered. 
Sebastian smiled, then left after that so I could rest. I sat down on the edge of the bed in the larger bedroom and looked around the room for a moment. The bags were by the door. I hadn’t unpacked yet, 
but I was too tired right now. 
I decided to lean back and shut my eyes for just a few minutes. I hadn’t meant to fall asleep, but soon, I was drifting off before I could stop myself. 
The dreams came quickly, although they were more fragmented than usual. Typically, my prophetic dreams were clear and highly symbolic, but this time, they were clipped and confusing. 
One thing was for certain, though: Gideon was in all of them. 
In one, we were standing in a forest at night and he was staring at me with yellow eyes. In another, he was chasing me through a garden. His howls sounded like laughter. In the third, he was embracing me tightly as we fell over a cliff into empty air. 
None of the dreams made sense. I couldn’t pinpoint the symbolism in any of them. By the time I woke, I was disoriented and my back was coated in a cold sweat. 
I laid there for a moment in my room, which was now dark, the sky outside having deepened into the blue of twilight. I breathed slowly to calm myself. Just nightmares-nothing important. No messages from the Moon Goddess. 
Just then, a knock at the door pulled me upright. I crossed the room and opened it to find Colt standing 
there. 
“Alpha Sebastian wanted me to let you know that dinner is being served,” he said. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
GET IT 
X 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 348
Chapter 348 
Avery’s POV 
I changed quickly, pulling on a clean sweater and jeans and running a brush through my hair. Bjorn was waiting for me in the common area of our suite when I emerged. More color had returned to his skin and he was pacing impatiently. 
“Did you rest?” I asked as we headed downstairs. 
“Nope!” 
I rolled my eyes but smiled. “I can’t remember the last time I saw you this excited, Bjorn.” 
He didn’t comment on that. It was nice to see him acting like a kid again. But it also made my chest ache, because it was a harsh reminder of the way that the human lands really had changed him. 
The dining room was on the ground floor. There was a long table laden with food that made water the second we walked into the room. 
my 
mouth 
Bjorn gasped, his mouth dropping open at the spread of roasted meat, fresh vegetables, bread still steaming from the oven, and bowls of fragrant stew. 
“Why don’t we eat like this?” he asked, turning to me. 
“Sit down,” I laughed, nudging him over to the table. Sebastian met my gaze and smirked. I mouthed the 
word: “Kids.” 
He sat, and then immediately started piling his plate with a mountain of meat. I sat beside him and touched his arm. 
“Take it easy, kiddo. Remember, you’re a guest here.” 
Sebastian waved his hand. “It’s alright. There’s plenty of food to go around.” 
I nodded and let Bjorn eat. It was good to see that he had his appetite back. The amount of red meat on the table made my wolf salivate, so I could only imagine how he felt. Another pang shot through me at the fact that Bjorn had spent his formative years eating human food, but I tried not to dwell on it. 
Sebastian sat at the head of the table and we dug in. The table was quiet for a few minutes, the only sound that of Bjorn as he scarfed down his food. I knew he was probably going to make himself sick when he already started refilling his plate, but I decided to let him experience that for himself and learn his lesson. 
“So,” I said, spearing a tiny roasted carrot on my fork, “all of this is grown in your pack?” 
Sebastian nodded, smiling. “The pack has abundant fields and community gardens. We share all of our food; the pack members don’t have to pay for anything so long as they contribute to the work.” 
“That’s a good philosophy.” The idea made my chest warm a little. “I like how community-oriented your 
1/2 
pack is.” 
“The old Alpha wasn’t like this,” Sebastian pointed out. “He was a capitalistic man who hoarded resources for himself. When I challenged him and won, I did it on the basis that I would redistribute the wealth to the pack. We spent most of the money building infrastructure. The rest fell into place once the pack members were actually given opportunities to voice their opinions and desires.” 
“I wish humans were like that,” Bjorn pointed out. 
Sebastian glanced at him, then at me. “I’ve heard the human lands are all about individualism.” 
“There are werewolf communes,” I said. “They’re a lot like this.” 
“But you lived in the city,” Sebastian pointed out. 
I nodded, my fingers tightening around my fork. 
“We have a really big house there,” Bjorn said with a mouthful of bread. “It’s really nice. But this one is nicer.” 
“Bjorn,” I said in a warning tone. 
He dropped his head. “Sorry.” He gulped down some of his milk, then looked at Sebastian. “Are there a lot of males in this pack?” 
I blinked. 
Sebastian didn’t miss a beat. “Quite a few, yeah.” 
“Like, all different ages?” 
Sebastian nodded. 
Bjorn’s eyes lit up a little. “Could I meet them?” 
There it was. 
I kept my expression level, but the pang in my chest was sharp. Bjorn hadn’t come out and said it directly, but I knew what he was doing. He was hoping to come across his father. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 349
Chapter 349 
Sebastian glanced at me briefly, just for a second, and then looked back at Bjorn. 
“Tell you what,” he said, “tomorrow morning, I’ll take you out to the training grounds. Some of the younger wolves run drills in the morning, and you can meet everyone then. We might even see if your wolf wants to stretch his legs.” 
Bjorn’s face lit up. “Seriously?” 
“Seriously. If your mom says it’s okay, that is.” 
They both looked at me. I hesitated, uncertain. I wasn’t so sure about shifting for Bjorn; his pup was still unruly, and he’d only just gotten over his fever. 
Finally, I said, “Maybe no shifting just yet. But it would be nice for you to meet some kids your age.” 
Bjorn seemed satisfied by that and went back to his meal. 
Just then, the doorbell went off, making me jump. Sebastian pushed his chair back and stood, walking out of the room. I heard the sound of voices, and a few moments later, he returned with two people in tow: an older man with silvery hair and a young girl, no older than eighteen, with long, dark hair and sharp 
eyes. 
“Avery,” Sebastian said, gesturing to the guests, “this is Alpha Matthew, and his daughter Fiona. Their pack is close by-they were passing through and stopped in. Matthew, this is Avery, a guest of mine.” 
Alpha Matthew smiled and extended his hand. I stood and took it. It was firm, but his hand was warm and friendly. “Lovely to meet you,” he said. 
“Likewise.” 
Sebastian gestured to the table. “Please take a seat. We were just about to have dessert.” 
Bjorn perked up at the mention of dessert. 
Fiona smiled at me and took a seat beside her father. She was pretty and elegant, with a composed manner about her that stood out starkly against her obviously young age. She was quiet as the staff brought out small plates of cake and coffee for the adults, but I spotted her glancing at me a few times. 
Dessert was uneventful. Matthew and Sebastian mostly talked about pack matters. Fiona was quiet, demurely picking at her cake, Bjorn scarfed his down quickly and asked for another helping. Normally, I wouldn’t let him eat so many sweets at once, but since he was getting his strength up, I let him have the rest of mine while I sipped my coffee. 
Eventually, Bjorn got tired and started yawning. I quietly excused us and took him upstairs, where I helped him get ready for bed and tucked him in. 
“Mom?” he asked as I headed over to his door. 
1/2 
“What’s up?” 
He yawned. “I like it here.” 
I hesitated with my hand on the doorknob. Truthfully, so far, I liked it here, too. Sebastian was a good host and I liked his principles. I just wished I could feel that way about the rest of the packs. 
“Oh,” Bjorn said, “can you please get me some water?” 
I nodded and opened the door. “Sure, kiddo.” 
I left and headed downstairs. I could still hear Sebastian and Matthew talking in what sounded like the sitting room now, but I made my way to the kitchen instead. It was quiet and dimly lit. An old woman, presumably one of the staff, was sitting in a rocking chair by the hearth and knitting. She didn’t look up as I walked by and went to the sink to fill a glass. 
With the water in hand, I turned, making my way back to the stairs. I’d made it to the bottom of the stairs when a presence caught my attention. Looking over, I spotted Fiona standing nearby. Her eyes shone strangely in the darkness. 
“You’re Avery, right?” she asked, stepping into the light. “Alpha Gideon’s missing mate.” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
X 
GET IT 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 350
Chapter 350 
Avery’s POV 
My heart shuddered in my chest. 
“I think you might have me confused with someone,” I said quickly. Too quickly. 
Fiona, despite her young age, had eyes that were as sharp as her father’s. She stepped closer to me, studying me. The way her gaze swept over me made my blood run cold. 
“No,” she said. “I don’t think I do.” 
I kept my face neutral and my grip on the glass steady. The kitchen was quiet behind me. Down the hall, I could still hear her father and Sebastian talking in low voices. 
“I’m not going to say anything to him,” she said. “I just want to talk to you. That’s all.” 
I blinked. “Why would you say something to him? Do you know him?” 
She nodded slowly. 
“Gideon told me he found you,” she said. “The night of Sebastian’s event. He told me you were alive and that he intended to make you his Luna again.” 
“How do you know him?” 
“I’m supposed to marry him. On my eighteenth birthday.” 
I stared at her. 
She wasn’t even eighteen yet, and she was supposed to… marry him? How long had this been arranged for? And most of all, why the fuck was Gideon agreeing to it? Had he been the one to arrange it? 
The thought made me sick. Gideon was older than me, and this girl was little more than a child. 
Over the years, I’d expected him to eventually take a new Luna. In fact, I almost hoped he would, because it might mean that he would relax in his efforts to find me, even if the thought made my wolf snarl with jealousy. 
But an eighteen year old girl? 
“How long?” I blurted out. 
Fiona looked at me. “What?” 
“How long has this been in the works?” 
“Two years,” she said calmly, 
Two years. Two fucking years. That meant that Gideon arranged a marriage to this girl when she was sixteen. Even if they were waiting for her to come of age, that was still disgusting and creepy. 
1/4 
I tried not to show my reaction, though, for multiple reasons, although my insides were burning hot. It wasn’t jealousy that I felt, but pure disgust. Gideon had a lot of problems, but I never thought he would do something like that.. 
Fiona cleared her throat, snapping me out of my thoughts. “I’m sure this comes as a shock to you,” she said. “But once Gideon and I get married, I hope you know you’re still welcome to be his mate. I won’t get in the way.” 
Goddess. 
She was a child bride and she was talking like she needed to think about her husband’s mate. 
“I have no intention of going back to Gideon,” I assured her. “I’m here for my son’s health, and when he’s better, I’ll go back to the human lands and you’ll never have to think about me again. Your arrangement is safe.” 
I wanted to tell her that I thought her arrangement was a horrible idea, but I hardly knew this girl, and it wasn’t my place. If anything, though, it solidified my desire to keep as far away from Gideon as possible. I wouldn’t let Bjorn be influenced by a man who thought it was okay to marry barely legal girls. 
Fiona studied me for a moment longer with that discerning gaze that was beyond her years. I studied her, too, wondering if her father had anything to do with this little arrangement-and her strange, grown- up behavior. 
“So you don’t love him anymore?” she asked. 
I’d been expecting the question, or something like it, but the words still made me flinch. My hand tightened around the glass I was holding. 
“No,” I said, swallowing the sudden lump that had formed in my throat. “And I don’t think he ever loved me.” 
Something passed over Fiona’s face at that. I couldn’t tell if it was relief or something else, but she nodded. 
“Then I won’t say anything,” she said. “To Gideon, or to my father. You have my word.” 
I wasn’t sure how much her word was worth given that she was eighteen and her father was potentially the kind of man who made arrangements for his teenage daughter with older Alphas, but I nodded anyway, 
“Thank you,” I said. 
She held my gaze for a moment longer, then unfolded her arms and straightened. She nodded curtly and left. 
I stood there for a long moment after she was gone. It wasn’t until I felt something cold and wet on my hand that I looked down and realized my hand was shaking so much it made me spill a few drops of the water. 
2/4 
Shuddering, I turned and headed upstairs. 
My wolf had been restless the entire conversation. The jealousy she felt was palpable, but I tried my best to ignore it. Ten years had passed since I’d naively loved Gideon. I was beyond the age where I allowed myself to feel jealous. 
But Fiona, on the other hand… 
She was hardly more than a kid. Just eight years older than Bjorn which, at that age, really was a drop in the bucket. It made me sick. 
Gideon was a lot of things, but I never thought he’d be the type of man to arrange a marriage with a sixteen year old. I wasn’t sure if it was Fiona’s father’s idea or his, but it didn’t matter. He’d agreed to it. 
He couldn’t possibly have always been okay with that kind of thing, could he? Maybe he’d changed a lot more over the past decade than I expected. 
Pushing the thoughts away, I left the water on Bjorn’s nightstand and pulled his blanket up to his chin, then retreated to my room. After a scalding hot shower, I put on my pajamas, brushed my teeth, and went to bed. 
Sleep was dreamless that night. 
When I woke, I went straight to Bjorn’s room to check on him and get him ready for the day. I opened the door, expecting him to still be asleep since it was relatively early. But to my surprise, his bed was empty. 
A maid was in the room, making his bed. She looked up when I entered. 
“Is my son around?” I asked. 
She shook her head, then pointed to the window. “Last I heard, the Alpha was taking him outside.” 
I nodded, thanking the maid, then got dressed and headed out. I made a pit stop in the kitchen for some coffee-the human lands had certainly stoked my addiction to caffeine-then took my mug out into the back garden. 
The morning air was soft and warm, the sun still climbing over the horizon. It must have rained at some point during the night because the grass was wet and the air steaming faintly, but I could already tell today would be nice and sunny. 
I padded across the lawn, scanning the area for Bjorn, but I didn’t spot him. I did, however, spot Sebastian standing by a large oak tree in the distance. 
“Sebastian!” I picked up my pace, a small pang of worry spiking through me when I didn’t see Bjorn with him. “Where’s Bjorn?” 
Sebastian turned, smiling, and pointed. I looked over to see a familiar pup racing across the field, snapping his jaws at butterflies. Upon seeing me, the pup turned and ran over, panting. He shifted, revealing Bjorn, breathless and smiling. 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 351
Chapter 351 
Gideon’s POV 
The human lands were exactly as I remembered them. I had only been here once in my life, when I was younger and visiting for a business arrangement with my father, but I hated it then just as much as I did 
now. 
The city here was too crowded, too noisy. There was no greenery in sight, and the tall buildings blocked out half of the sky. Everyone was rude, pushing and shoving and yelling, and the sound of car horns blaring was enough to make my ears bleed. 
“Ugh.” My wolf wrinkled his nose at the 
cent of a hot dog cart down the street. “I hate this place.” 
“We won’t stay for long,” I replied. The tall office building, its metal facade gleaming in the afternoon light, was already coming into view. “Just long enough to get Avery and bring her home.” 
“What if she refuses?” 
My jaw tightened. I hadn’t thought that far ahead, mostly because I didn’t dare to consider that option. 
After ten years of searching for Avery, I’d hoped that she would be willing to talk and overcome whatever had caused her to 
run. If it was punishment over Deirdre she feared, then I wanted to reassure her. If it was literally anything else, anything at all, then I would reassure her on that, too. 
Most of all, Avery loved me, even now. I knew she did. And I was certain that if I just told her I loved her, too, then she would leave this life behind and come back to the packs with me. Where she belonged. 
“She’ll come home,” I said. “She has to.” 
My wolf didn’t respond to that, but I could feel his uncertainty. I tried to ignore it as I opened the door to the building. 
Now that I knew that Avery was the CEO of Lycan Botanicals, it was easy to find her main base of operations. It was an impressive building in a nice part of the human city, clean and sleek, with the company name etched into a glass panel beside the front doors. 
1 stood in the doorway for a moment and thought about the fact that she had built this entirely from scratch, in the human lands, while I had been tearing apart forests looking for her body. It was impressive, but also frustrating. 
I took a deep breath and went inside. 
The receptionist at the front desk was a young woman who looked up at me with a polite smile that flickered slightly when she took in my size. I got that a lot in the human lands. I was already large compared to some other Alphas, and made most humans look like children in comparison. 
“I’m here to see Avery,” I said. I forced a smile into place, trying to seem open and friendly and not too intimidating. 
1/2 
Chapter 351 
25 Bonus 
“Do you have an appointment?” she asked. 
“No.” 
“I’m sorry, but she isn’t in the office today. If you’d like to leave your name, I can pass a message along when she returns.” 
“When will she be back?” I asked. 
“I’m afraid I can’t say.” 
I looked at her for a long moment. She held onto her smile, but her hands were clenched together in her lap. She looked nervous, which was normal for a human in front of an Alpha, but there was something she wasn’t telling me. I was sure of it. 
“Listen, I really need to talk to her,” I said. “It’s urgent.” 
The woman shook her head. “You’ll have to come back another day, Sir.” 
“But…” 
“Please leave,” she said. 
I frowned. Just then, I spotted another woman walking into the building. Another human. This one was dressed in a professional pantsuit with a briefcase in hand, and she froze when she saw me. A moment passed between us as her eyes scanned me. A moment later, recognition flickered through her expression, followed by all of the color draining from her face. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
X 
GET IT 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 352
Chapter 352 
“Hey,” I said, moving toward her. “I’m looking for-” 
She turned and left before I could finish. Her footsteps were quick as she rounded a corner, 
disappearing. 
“She knows something,” my wolf snarled. 
Indeed she did. “Hey!” I shouted. Ignoring the receptionist’s gasp, I raced around the desk and followed the woman. I could hear the receptionist calling security behind me, but I ignored her. 
The woman was at the elevator now, frantically pushing the button. Her eyes widened when she saw me coming, and the doors slid open. She rushed inside, then pushed the button to close the doors. 
I managed to make it before they did. I stuck my arm out as they half-closed, forcing them back open, and stepped inside. 
The woman gasped, pressing herself against the back wall of the elevator. I saw her reach into her pocket. “G-Get back!” she shouted. “I’m armed!” 
I looked down to see that she was now brandishing a small canister of pepper spray. I folded my arms.” 
That doesn’t work on werewolves.” 
Her chest heaved. “It does if I use the whole canister on you.” I took a step closer. She lifted the canister. “I said stay back!” 
“I’m not going to hurt you, lady.” I held my hands up. “I just want to know where Avery is, that’s all. I need to talk to her. I’m-” 
“I know exactly who you are.” She lifted her chin, her hand shaking now as she positioned her thumb over the button for the pepper spray. “And I won’t tell you where she is.” 
“But you do know where she is,” I said, tilting my head. 
Her eyes darted around. “N-No… I don’t know that.” 
“Lady, I’m not that stupid.” 
“J-Just leave, okay? Security is coming for you, anyway!” 
“I’ll leave. I’ll leave.” I took a step back. “But I just want to talk to Avery. If you could just tell me where-” 
“Yeah, well, she doesn’t want to talk to you.” She spat the words out. “And I’m certainly not telling you how to find her. So get. OUT!” 
Behind me, the doors slid open again. We hadn’t left the first floor. The security guards rushed in, two large human men. They were somewhat dwarfed by my size, but they were carrying guns, so I relented and let them escort me out. 
All the while, my mind was racing. 
1/2 
Avery was here somewhere. And she must have told her employees not to let me near her. 
Why? I hadn’t done anything to hurt her. Ever. Why was she so afraid of me? 
The guards shoved me out into the packed city street with a warning not to return, then closed the office doors and locked them. I cursed under my breath and turned away. A young human man stepped in my way by accident, eyes widening when he saw the flash of yellow in my eyes. Without thinking, I snarled, making him run off down the street with a shout. 
I ran my hand through my hair, thinking. Avery likely didn’t live too far from her workplace; maybe I could find her personal address. If I could just get her to listen to me for five seconds, I could make her understand that I wasn’t going to hurt her, that whatever opinions she’d formed about me in the past ten years were baseless… 
And most of all, I just wanted to tell her that I missed her, I loved her, and I wanted her to come home. 
My phone buzzed in my pocket then. I pulled it out and answered without looking at the caller ID. That was a mistake. 
“Hello?” 
“Gideon. It’s Fiona.” 
Fuck. 
“Look, Fiona, now’s not really the best time-” 
“I know where Avery is,” she cut me off. “If you promise to marry me, I’ll tell you her location.” 1 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 353
Chapter 353 
Avery’s POV 
“Bjorn, stop!” 
I ran across the lawn just in time for Bjorn to shift back into pup form and start rolling around in the grass, covering his coat with morning dew. 
“You shift back right this instant!” 
Bjorn whined, but obeyed. The boy sat in front of me again, his hair sticking up in all directions. His face fell when he saw the look on mine. 
“Mooom,” he groaned. “What did I do this time?” 
“I told you no shifting.” I planted my free hand, the one that wasn’t holding my coffee, on my hip. “You’re still sick!” 
Sebastian jogged up to me with confusion written clearly across his face. He looked between the two of us. “I was keeping an eye on him,” he said. “He’s not too sick today. In fact, his form is clean and he shifts more easily than most kids with such young pups. Even faster than some adults I’ve seen.” 
I shot Sebastian a look. “I know he shifts fast. That’s the problem.” 
“Moooom.” Bjorn’s face reddened, and he flopped back into the grass, covering his face with his hands. 
1 turned to Sebastian. “Look, Sebastian, I know you’re trying to help, but… His pup emerged too young.” 
“How young?” Sebastian asked. 
“Seven years old.” 
“Mom.” Bjorn sat up, still blushing. “Do we have to talk about this?” 
“Yes, Bjorn, He needs to know.” I looked at Sebastian again. “It was at the birthday party of one of his classmates. He shifted for the first time in the middle of the backyard, in front of about fifteen kids and four adults, all human. He went after the family’s cat, knocked over the refreshments table, and bit a kid.” 
“Jimmy turned out fine!” Bjorn protested. “He even said he thought his scar was cool.” 
I ignored him. “I couldn’t even communicate with Bjorn the entire time,” I went on. “His wolf took over. It was unruly and wild. Ever since then, Bjorn’s shifting episodes can be all over the place; some are normal, others are like the first time. He can be very dangerous without even realizing it. And he’s allergic to angelica flowers.” 
Sebastian blinked. I didn’t mention the Demonblood, but I didn’t need to. He knew Bjorn was Gideon’s kid, and every high-profile wolf in the packs knew about that curse. (1) 
“Well. I understand your concern,” Sebastian said, “but Avery, that’s exactly why he needs to be here. Control isn’t something that just develops on its own. It needs to be taught, and it needs other wolves 
1/2 
around to teach it. In the human lands, his wolf had no concept of pack hierarchy. He was always the strongest kid in a room, being a werewolf. Here, he might not be. And he needs these experiences to get better at knowing how to control himself.” 
I pressed my lips together. I knew he was right, of course, but it didn’t make it easier. I’d spent ten years not just protecting my son, but everyone around us. 
Just then, the sound of yips and howls caught our attention. Bjorn perked up, turning toward the noise. I looked too, and sighed softly. 
Three other pups were bounding across the grass, tongues lolling. One at the front of the group stopped, tilting his head to one side so that his ears flopped, then lowered into a playful stance and barked. 
Bjorn looked at them. Then at me. He pushed his lower lip out. 
I huffed, rubbing the bridge of my nose. “Bjorn, I don’t know…” 
Sebastian placed a hand on my shoulder. “This is good for him, Avery.” 
I hesitated again, gnawing on my lower lip. Bjorn kept looking at the other pups, who were still waiting for him to come over. One of them was rolling on his back, exposing his belly. They were curious, but they also wanted to play. 
This was something Bjorn had never gotten to have before. Maybe I was being too much of a helicopter parent by standing in the way. 
“Fine,” I finally said, stepping back. “But don’t stay out too long!” 
Bjorn grinned, launching himself to his feet. He shifted mid-stride and raced over to the other pups. They all circled each other, sniffing, then ran off across the field in a tangle of limbs, teeth, and fur. 
I watched him go with a strange feeling in my chest-uncertainty and relief wrapped up into one. 
He looked happier like this. His coat caught the morning light and it was shinier than I’d ever seen it. He was fast and loud and more rambunctious than he’d ever been before, and it almost made me cry. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
GET IT 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 354
Chapter 354 
Bjorn had spent his entire childhood playing alone. I always thought he was just a natural loner who was not particularly interested in other kids. That he preferred playing video games inside rather than going out and playing with the other kids on our street, riding bikes around until the lights came on. 
But now I knew it wasn’t that. It was never that. He just couldn’t connect with human children, because he wasn’t one, and no amount of patience or good intentions on either side was going to bridge that. His wolf always knew it, even when I was busy pretending otherwise. 
“He’s going to be okay,” Sebastian said softly. 
I nodded once and didn’t say anything. 
We stood there for a few more minutes watching Bjorn tear across the lawn with the other pups, and then Sebastian suggested we do a walk-through of the children’s clinic while Bjorn was occupied. Colt showed up to keep an eye on the pups, which I was glad for, and Sebastian and I headed back inside. 
The clinic was a separate building on the east side of the grounds, connected to the main estate by a covered walkway. It was well-run and well-stocked, clean and calm, with a small waiting area and several examination rooms off the main hall. 
The pack doctor was in and gave us a quick tour. I told her about Bjorn’s condition, and she promised to set aside a time slot at some point to give him a check-up. Her professionalism and preparedness were reassuring. 
There were four young wolves currently being treated, all under twelve, all with immunodeficiency issues. The doctor said there were others who weren’t currently in the clinic, but were still being treated. 
“For some reason, our pups have been developing these issues lately,” she said, scratching her head.” We’ve tested our water, soil, air quality, everything. We can’t get to the bottom of this rise in immunocompromised children.” 
I glanced at Sebastian. “And you think Lycan Root could help with that?” 
He nodded. “I believe so. But it’s your medication. You tell me.” 
I paused, thinking. Lycan Root was a useful supplement in many ways, but this seemed like a very specific issue that I was not well-versed in. “I’m just an herbalist,” I pointed out, looking at the doctor. “I don’t have a medical degree.” 
The doctor smiled. “I value the opinions of herbalists just as much as people with medical degrees. But I understand your hesitation; it’s why I was thinking we could test the supplement on a small trial size of patients. See how their bodies react.” 
I nodded, agreeing to that. Suddenly, all of my doubts about working with werewolves washed away. If my supplement helped any child, werewolf or human, then I could never regret that. 
We spent another half hour going through the clinic’s inventory and the doctor’s ideas. By the end of it, we had the skeleton of a plan started. It was good work, the kind that had a clear and practical purpose, 
1/2 
and focusing on it settled something in me that had been restless since we arrived. 
We were heading back through the covered walkway toward the main estate when we heard the sound of shouting coming from the direction of the front gate. Sebastian glanced at me, and we both headed that way. 1 
I froze when I found the source of it. 
“Just let me talk to her! I just want to talk! Let me in!” 
Gideon. 
He was on the other side of the iron bars with two of Sebastian’s guards pointing spears at him. He looked like he hadn’t slept. He spotted Sebastian first, and then his eyes found me before I could slip away. They widened. My heart stopped. 
“Avery!” 
I looked at him for a long moment. His jaw, the lines around his eyes, his hands gripping the metal bars of the gate so tightly his knuckles turned white. 
And most of all, the wild desperation in his eyes. Like he’d lost his most prized possession and would do anything to get it back. 
Anything. 
I said nothing. And I didn’t hesitate. 
Without a word, I turned on my heel and walked inside, completely ignoring Gideon’s shouts. 2 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 355
Chapter 355 
603 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon’s POV 
Avery looked at me. Her face, which had just been smiling, fell. Her eyes narrowed, and her mouth twisted into a scowl. Then, she turned and walked away without a word. 
My wolf howled desperately as I watched her go. Frustration and anger surged through my chest, hot and sudden like a red-hot poker had been stabbed into my heart. In that moment, I felt that I would have preferred it if the security guards at her office had simply shot me with their guns. 
After everything we had been through together, after ten years of miserable separation and searching for her and missing her, she couldn’t even look at me. 
It was like she hated me. No, worse than that; it was like she felt nothing for me at all. Like I was just a ghost from her past that she wanted to forget about. 
“Avery! Avery!!” I shouted, gripping the bars of the gate. The guards grabbed at my arms, but I didn’t let go. “AVERY!” 
She didn’t look back. I watched as she disappeared into the house, and there was nothing I could do about it. I tried to reach out through the mate bond I knew we still shared, but there was nothing there. It was as if she was cutting it off from her end, shielding her mind so I couldn’t communicate with her. 
Sebastian, the bastard, calmly walked over to me with his hands in his pockets. He nodded his chin at his men, who released me and stepped back. 
“Hello, Alpha Gideon.” He stopped just out of reach, obviously wanting to make sure I couldn’t grab him through the bars, which, admittedly, had crossed my mind. 
I need to talk to Avery,” I said. 
He looked at me like I’d just said something stupid. 
“She doesn’t want to talk to you.” 
“I’m her mate.” 
“That doesn’t matter.” He pulled one hand out of his pocket and picked an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. “She made it very clear that you are to stay well enough away from her while she’s here.” 
A painful pang shot through my chest at those words. Avery had made it clear. Just as she’d apparently done back in the human lands, telling all of her employees to treat me like some kind of intruder. 
It made no sense. I had done nothing to Avery. The last time we’d seen each other, the only focus on my mind had been to protect her. There had been some misunderstandings caused by Asher, but she was no fool. She had to know that it was all fabricated. That I loved her, even if I had been too much of a 
coward at the time to say those words out loud. 
“Why?” I blurted out. 
1/3 
Chapter 355 
+25 Bonus 
Sebastian lifted a brow. I suddenly felt small and pathetic for saying it, but it was too late. 
“That’s none of your business,” he said. 
My lip curled indignantly, revealing partially extended fangs. My wolf was pushing just beneath the surface of my skin, snarling at me to put him in his place. 
“Now, if you don’t mind,” Sebastian said, “I’ve got to get back to her.” 
He turned as if to leave, but I hissed, “Are you dating her?” 
Sebastian froze. He wasn’t facing me, but I could see the tense line in his shoulders. My words had struck a chord. I knew, then, that I must have been right. He was dating Avery. My mate. I wasn’t sure how long it had been going on, but it didn’t matter. Avery was mine. 1 
“I’ll challenge you,” I said, “if that’s what it will take to get her back.” 
Sebastian looked at me over his shoulder. He didn’t look the slightest bit scared or put off, but rather simply amused. Like I’d just told him a joke. Like I was a joke. 
“Even if you managed to win,” he replied, “she still wouldn’t choose you again.” 
With that, he left. I shouted some choice words after him that I was not particularly proud of, but he didn’t acknowledge them. His guards grabbed me roughly by the shoulders and escorted me off the premises, shoving me toward my car with force. 
For the second time in as many days, I was thrown out onto the street like a wayward criminal. 
I snarled under my breath as I fumbled in my pocket for my keys. This wasn’t over; they could try to humiliate me all they wanted, but it wouldn’t work. I would go to any length to get Avery back. She had to know that I loved her, and that whatever I did to push her away, I was sorry. I just wanted her back. 
Just as I was opening my car door, I felt a presence at the back of my neck. I turned, spotting a group of kids playing a ways off, behind the fence. One of them was looking at me strangely. 1 
I turned fully to face him. It was a boy, no older than ten-which was strange, because I sensed that he had a wolf, and kids that age didn’t usually have one yet-with dark hair and bright eyes. He had a sullen look about him, but there was something else there, too. A fire beneath his skin that I recognized in myself every time I looked in the mirror. 
He was a young Alpha. I was sure of it. 
My wolf recognized him, but from this far away, I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. My first instinct, though, was obvious. 
Was that my son? 
The timing would match up, if he was the age I thought he was, Avery had allegedly been pregnant ten years ago before she disappeared. If she went to the human lands and had our child and kept him from me all this time… 1 
2/3 
It didn’t make any sense. Why would every keep my child from me? it seemed cad and westende, and it made everything feel even more confusing. 
Jevery wouldn’t have kept my son from me unless she truly thought I was the worsens grade, no better than Deirdre or Asher 
But why? I hadn’t hurt her, I only ever cared about her, 
I watched the boy for a moment longer. He gewked at me like he, too, felt that strange conexon between us. Then, one of the other kids pulled at him, calling him away. He shot me ones look or his shoulder before he turned and ran off 
I stood there for a long while, staring after him as he disappeared into the ounces. 
Was that truly my son? Had Avery kept my child from me for the past ten years? 
Now, more than ever, my resolve had strengthened, if that was truly my son, if Avery had toly kept fro hidden from me all this time, then I needed to get closer to both of them and find out why, a 
I looked over my shoulder at the pack one last time. The guards were still watching me. If they wouldn’t let me in, then I would have to find a way to get in without being caught, 
All I needed was a few minutes. Just enough time to tell Avery I loved her… And to meet that child that! was pretty sure was my son. 1 
D 
Comments 
Shore 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 356
Chapter 356 
Avery’s POV 
My body trembled the entire walk back to the house, but somehow, I managed to keep my footsteps even and my shoulders back. The moment I was inside, though, I crumbled. 
I drew in a shaky breath, leaning back against the wall for support. My heart was racing. I felt a pang through the mate bond, but quickly clamped down my mental blockade, ensuring Gideon couldn’t reach 

How did he find out I was here? It didn’t matter; he knew I was here now, and he likely knew Bjorn was 
here, too, and now he wasn’t going to give up until he got what he wanted. 
Regret washed over me. I began to wonder if I should go back to the human lands, where it would be more difficult for Gideon to find me. But he knew my identity there now, too. Nowhere felt safe. 
I was still standing there, breathing hard, when Sebastian entered the house. When he opened the door, I could briefly hear Gideon’s shouts, but it grew muffled again once the door was shut. 
“There you are.” Sebastian rushed over to me and took my shoulders in his hands, studying me. “Are you okay?” 
I nodded stiffly, but we both knew it was a lie. 
“Avery…” 
“I shouldn’t have come here,” I said, looking up at Sebastian. “Not now, and not before. Now that he knows my identity, I can’t hide anywhere. I-I’ll have to move overseas-” 
“Avery.” Sebastian tightened his grip on me and leveled me with an even look. “You don’t have to jump to 
such drastic measures.” 
“But Gideon could try to take Bjorn away.” 
Sebastian’s expression softened a little. Gently, he guided me out of the hallway and into the nearby drawing room. He helped me sit down in a chair and walked over to the side bar, where he poured me a small finger of whisky. 
I didn’t drink too often lately, but I took it anyway, knocking it back in one swallow. The alcohol burned a warm path down my throat, soothing my chest a little. 
I leaned back in the chair and shut my eyes. “Thank you.” 
I could hear Sebastian sitting down across from me. “Listen,” he said, his voice soft, “you don’t have to worry about Gideon.” 
“You don’t know that,” I said. 
“I do. Avery, he’s an aging wolf. He’s beyond his prime and he’s lost more than a few marbles over the 
1/2 
Chapter 356 
+25 Bonus 
past ten years. You’re safe here. I’ll make sure of it.” 
I cracked one eye open to look at Sebastian. For a moment, he almost reminded me of the Gideon I knew 
ten years ago. Younger, stronger, more level-headed. It was more comforting than I wanted to admit. 
“He could still use his parental rights to take my son away.” 
“If it comes to that-if-then we’ll handle it,” he said firmly and without hesitation. “Gideon won’t take Bjorn from you. He doesn’t even know he exists.” 
I shot Sebastian a look as if to say “We don’t know that for certain,” but his expression was unwavering. I 
let out a small breath. 
Just then, the door flung open. Bjorn, breathless and windswept, burst into the house. “Water?” he asked, looking at Sebastian, who pointed toward the kitchen. Bjorn took off that way, probably to chug several glasses full. 
When he was gone, Sebastian shot me an arch look. “You can’t pull Bjorn away from here. Just look at him. Two days, and he’s already just like the other pups.” 
My heart sank a little as I realized that he was right. As much as I hated to admit it, Bjorn had taken to pack life like sails take to the wind. He belonged here, amongst his own kind. And we’d only just gotten here; I couldn’t rip it away from him yet. 
I sighed, passing my hands over my face. “You promise Gideon can’t get into the pack?” I asked. 
P 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 357
Chapter 357 
Sebastian nodded, then leaned forward in his chair. “Promise. Besides, there’s something else.” 
“Such as?” 
“The annual harvest festival is in a few days. The pack members have already begun harvesting the crops and preparing dishes. There will be dancing, music, games… Plenty of stuff for kids and adults to do. The whole pack will be there.” 
“I don’t know if something like that would be a good idea for me to attend,” I said. 
“Nonsense.” Sebastian stood. “It’ll be a good opportunity for you to mingle with the pack. Same with Bjorn. Then, you can see that the community here is caring, and safe. Even if Gideon somehow found a way onto the pack grounds, the pack wouldn’t let him get away with it.” 
The idea still didn’t sit right with me. I knew Gideon a lot better than Sebastian did, and frankly, I thought Sebastian was a little too young and naive. He thought that Gideon was just an old wolf past his prime, but he wasn’t. Really, he’d just reached his prime. 
But Bjorn, clearly having overheard the part about the festival, entered the room then with a glass of water in his hand. Water was dribbling down his chin and the front of his shirt. 
“Did you say a festival?” he asked. He looked at me. “Can we go, Mom? Please?” 
I hesitated, but ultimately, I couldn’t bring myself to say no. I decided to accept, and to trust Sebastian, even if I had a feeling he was wrong. 
Later that night, after putting Bjorn to bed, I called Claire to check in on business. She started off by saying that I hadn’t missed much at the office, but then her voice dropped, and so did my stomach. 
“Gideon was here,” she said. “Looking for you. Security escorted him out, but I thought you should know.” 
“He didn’t hurt anyone, did he?” 
There was a pause, then: “Hurt anyone? No! In fact, aside from being rather desperate, he was very polite. He didn’t seem dangerous at all. He just begged to talk to you. He almost looked like he would be willing to get on his knees.” 
I blinked at that. I’d expected Gideon to rush into my office guns blazing, taking down anyone in his path who he deemed an obstacle. But Claire described it like he was just my desperate ex, begging to see me. 
“Well,” I said, “he can be deceiving. If he shows up again, don’t let him into the building.” 
“Alright,” Claire replied. I could hear the disbelief in her tone, but she didn’t press the matter. We talked about standard business for a bit longer before we hung up. 
Sleep didn’t come easily that night, but eventually, I managed to doze off without having any strange or 
1/2 
Chapter 357 
640 
+25 Bonus 
unsettling dreams. I didn’t have any dreams at all, actually; or at least, none that I could remember. 
I woke the following morning to the sound of activity outside, and looked out the window to see pack members putting up booths and setting up a stage at the far end of one of the fields. The sun was golden and warm. 
After breakfast, Bjorn, Sebastian, and I headed down to the field to check out the festival. The pack was all already there, bustling around with excitement. The air smelled like fried food, sweat, and freshly cut 
grass. 
Bjorn’s friends spotted him almost immediately and waved him over to join some kind of game that looked like kickball. He looked at me, and I nodded, watching as he raced off to play with them. 
Sebastian smiled, offering me his arm. “How about a dance to kick off the festival?” he asked, gesturing 
to the stage, where a band was playing folksy music. 
I couldn’t resist. I took his arm and let him pull me toward the activity, and for a little while, I didn’t let myself worry about anything. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+2 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 358
Chapter 358 
Join Our Fb Group
Gideon’s POV 
I couldn’t believe I was actually doing this. 
I was almost a forty year old man. I was the Alpha of a strong and well-respected pack. I’d had more fights won under my belt than I could count. 
And I was sneaking into Evergreen pack in a fucking disguise like this was I was the main character in some kind of teen drama movie. This was probably my lowest point yet, which was saying something, because I’d had a lot of low points over the past ten years. 
“Alpha, are you sure about this?” Tegan, sitting beside me in the driver’s seat, shot me an almost amused look as I adjusted my disguise in the rearview mirror. He knew better than to laugh at my expense right now, but I could tell he was struggling to hold it back. He had been ever since I told him to stop at the 
dollar store and I came out with a bag of costume supplies in my hand. 
I pulled my baseball hat low over my head, then adjusted my sunglasses and looked at him. “I’m sure. 
Now shut up and give me the mustache.” 
“Alpha, this is insane-” 
“Just give me the fucking mustache, Tegan.” 
My Beta reached into his pocket and pulled out the small package we’d picked up from the dollar store on the way here. His hand was shaking from how hard he was holding back laughter. I snatched it and opened it, revealing the cheap, fake mustache. 
“Go ahead. Laugh all you want.” I looked in the mirror, ignoring my Beta, as I pressed the fake mustache on my upper lip. “But it’ll get the job done, I can assure you of that.” 
Tegan turned away, pressing his palm to his mouth and pretending to look out the window as his shoulders shook. I rolled my eyes and took one last look at myself, ensuring everything was in place. 
Up close, I had to admit that I looked pretty ridiculous. I had never worn a fake mustache in my life, not even for a costume, and I couldn’t blame Tegan for laughing. But from further away, it would do. I didn’t intend for anyone to see me up close. 
Evergreen’s annual harvest festival was well known around the packs. Sebastian was all high and mighty about their crop yields, so he always made a big show of hosting the festival each year ever since he became Alpha. 
I never went: It was a pack-only affair, anyway. But it also meant that the entire Evergreen pack would be out, crowding through the fields. It would be chaotic, which was precisely the perfect environment to sneak in, gather some information, and sneak out without getting caught. 
Therefore, as long as I could pass as someone other than myself, this silly disguise would do. I wouldn’t stay for long; just enough to find that kid again and get a better look at him. 
1/3 
Chapter 359 
1 
+25 Bonus 
“Wait at the rendezvous point,” I said, opening the passenger side door. “And be ready to drive.” 
“Y-Yes, Alpha,” Tegan choked out. The moment I shut the door behind me, I could hear him guffawing so loud that it nearly shook the car. I rolled my eyes and walked away. 
I found the same spot I’d snuck in the last time, when I first found out Avery was alive. With the festival going on, security was a bit lax around the border. Sticking to the treeline, I hopped the fence and walked toward the sound of music and voices. 
It didn’t take long to find the festival. The pack grounds were teeming with people, young and old alike. Kids were running all over the place, which meant that looking for that kid I’d seen a few days ago would be like searching for a needle in a haystack. Carnival workers were stumbling around on stilts and making balloon animals. The air smelled like food that, admittedly, made my mouth water. 
I kept my head down and slipped into the crowd. No one seemed to notice me, which was good. I carefully searched for the familiar kid while I kept my senses constantly on high alert, ready to run in case I was spotted. 
Eventually, I spotted a group of boys playing kickball in an empty area. I recognized him right away; the boy from the other day. He kicked the ball in a high arc, sending it into the outfield, and raced around the bases without getting touched by his opponents. 
When he slid onto home base, the kids on his team jumped up and down and cheered, and he puffed his chest out, soaking up the praise like a sponge. 
Pride surged in my chest at the sight of the boy. If that was my son, then he was a strong kid already. But along with that pride came a feeling of bitterness, because if he was mine, then that meant Avery had kept him from me for unknown reasons for ten fucking years. 
The kids broke for water. I took my chance and walked up to the boy as he chugged from a nearby fountain. He stopped when my shadow fell across him, and looked up at me with sharp eyes, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. 
“Are you wearing a fake mustache?” he asked. 
“Nope.” I forced a smile. “What’s your name?” 
“Bjorn,” He looked me up and down. “You’re kinda familiar, you know.” 
“Am I?” 
He nodded. “I’m new here, though, so I’m not sure where I know you from.” 
“Oh. Where are you from?” I asked. 
The boy sighed. “The human lands. My mom brought me here ‘cuz I was having a hard time in the human schools. I got expelled for beating up a kid. But he deserved it.” 
“I’m… Sorry to hear that,” I said. I kept my voice even, although my heart was thudding wildly. A little werewolf boy from the human lands; that sounded awfully familiar. 
2/3 
Chapter 358 
+25 Bonus 
He shrugged. “It’s whatever. I like it better here, anyway. I always hated it there. Human kids are weird, and the air smells a lot better here.” He grinned. “Hey, do you wanna play kickball with us? You’ve got long legs, so you could probably get a home run each time.” 
My chest warmed, but I shook my head. “No, I think you can handle yourself just fine. You’re fast. I just saw you.” 
He puffed up a little at the praise. “Thanks. I was always the fastest runner in the human schools. Not so much here, ‘cuz werewolves are way faster. At first, I was the slowest, but I’m getting faster each day.” 
Of course he was. This was my fucking son; I was sure of it now. Young but strong and fast, and he clearly had a wolf already despite his age. I could scent it on him. 
I opened my mouth to ask another question, but just then, I heard a familiar voice calling out across the 
field. 
“Bjorn! Bjooorn!” 
The boy whipped his head around. “Mom?” 
I cursed under my breath and slipped back into the crowd, praying I hadn’t been recognized, just as Avery came jogging our way. 
Join Our Fb Group
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 359
Chapter 359 
Chapter 359 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
I spotted Bjorn from across the field. He was standing near the treeline at the far edge of the grounds, away from the other pups, talking to a man I didn’t recognize. The man was wearing a baseball hat pulled low and sunglasses. His back was to me, but something about him set me off right away. 
I hurried across the lawn, calling Bjorn’s name. He turned, and the man stiffened. By the time I reached my son, the man had walked back into the crowd. 
“Bjorn!” I came skidding to a halt beside my son, trying to spot the man, but I couldn’t see him anymore. Who was that?” 
He shrugged. “I dunno.” 
“What do you mean you don’t know? What were you talking to a stranger for?” 
“He just asked me about kickball. It wasn’t a big deal, Mom.” 
“It is too a big deal.” I stared at the crowd. The man was completely gone, swallowed up by the people like he’d never been there. I hadn’t gotten a good look at his face. All I had was the hat, the sunglasses, the broad set of his shoulders. 
That was enough for me to put two and two together. 
“Did he tell you his name?” I asked. 
“No, Mom.” Bjorn groaned, like I was being a nuisance. “But I felt like I knew him from somewhere. Like I’d seen him before or something.” He paused, tilting his head. “My wolf kept going nuts the whole time.” 
My stomach dropped. 
“We need to go.” I grabbed Bjorn’s arm and began pulling him back toward the house. 
“What? Why? Mom-” 
“Just come with me, please.” 
“I was in the middle of a game!” He dug his heels in. “Can you just tell me what’s going on?” 
“Later. Right now I need you inside.” 
“You’re doing that thing again.” He yanked his arm out of my grip so hard that I stumbled a step. “You always do this! Freaking out over nothing!” 
I opened my mouth. 
“And I’m sick of it! I’m finishing my game whether you like it or not!” he blurted out. Before I could respond, he turned and stomped back to the kickball field. 
” 
1/3 
Chapter 
+25 Bonus 
By now, a small crowd had formed. The other kids were staring. A couple of pack members were whispering to each other. 
“Avery!” Sebastian jogged over with a furrowed brow, having heard the altercation. “What’s going on?” 
I turned to him. “I think Gideon was here,” I whispered. 
His face fell. “What? How-” 
“Please do something.” 
Sebastian nodded, and his eyes briefly glazed over as he mindlinked his Beta. A moment later, I saw a few pack guards moving deliberately through the crowd, searching. Sebastian and I stayed close to the kickball field, keeping an eye on Bjorn, until they were finished searching. 
He received a mindlink back, then turned to me and shook his head. “He’s not here, Avery.” 
“But-” 
“If he was here at some point, then he’s gone now.” 
I let out a breath, but it wasn’t enough to soothe my nerves. That was Gideon, or at least someone sent here by him; I was sure of it. Which meant that the pack wasn’t as secure as Sebastian made it out. 
“Avery, you’ve got that look again.” Sebastian placed his hand on my shoulder. “Everything is okay, alright? Please don’t let this ruin your day.” 
I wanted to believe him. I really did. 
I looked at Bjorn, who was playing his game again and pretending I didn’t exist. Even from here, I could see my son’s jaw set hard and his eyes flashing with frustration. He was kicking the ball harder than before. 
Maybe I’d been too hasty in jumping to conclusions. Maybe I was hurting my son because of it, making. him lose trust in me by acting flighty and unpredictable. 
Another breath. Then a nod. 
“Alright. I’m fine.” 
Sebastian smiled faintly. “I’ll protect you, Avery.” 
“Thank you,” I said, although deep down, a part of me wondered if I should just get better at protecting myself rather than relying on someone else to do it. Because the fact of the matter was, Gideon knew I was alive now, and he knew Bjorn existed, and there was no running anymore. 
Sooner or later, I might just have to face him, 1 
Later that afternoon, I realized I’d forgotten to pack a few things. Basic, but specific things, like the face 
2/3 
Chapter 359 
+25 Bonus 
cream I really liked and the sleep eye mask that I needed. I decided to run out to get what I needed. Honestly, I could use the air, anyway, 
+2 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 360
Chapter 360 
+25 Bonus 
Sebastian told me there was a general store about twenty minutes outside the pack grounds that most of the pack members used for regular errands. I was hesitant at first, but he had his Beta take me, so I wasn’t alone. Colt parked in a parking spot and waited while I ran in. 
It was quiet inside. A few people wandered the aisles, none of whom I recognized. I grabbed a basket and worked through my list quickly, grateful for something mindless to focus on. 
I was standing in the toiletries aisle, comparing two identical-looking bottles of hand cream, when I heard the sound of heels on linoleum. 
I glanced up. 
Fiona. 
She was at the other end of the aisle, looking at something on the shelf. She seemingly hadn’t noticed me yet. For half a second I considered just turning around and going to a different aisle, but she looked up before I could move and we made eye contact. 
“Oh. Avery.” She smiled smoothly. 
“Fiona,” I said. I put one of the bottles back and moved toward the end of the aisle. 
She drifted my way. Everything about her was unhurried and graceful. Even in a general store on a Wednesday afternoon, she was put together. Hair pinned back. Heels. A clearly expensive coat even though it was quite warm outside. 
“Funny running into you here,” she said. 
“I needed a few things.” I looked at her directly and decided to just say what had been on my mind for days now. “Did you tell Gideon where I was staying? Because he’s been harassing me.” 
“What? Of course not,” she said. “I told you I wouldn’t.” 
I studied her for a moment. She didn’t seem to be lying, but I didn’t know her well enough to count on it. 
“I see. Well, he’s been coming around the pack lately.” I watched her face. “Talking to my son behind my back.” 
“That’s concerning,” she sighed. “But I didn’t tell him.” 
She held my gaze with the same composed expression she always had. Maybe she was telling the truth, or she was a really, really good actress for her age. I decided not to dwell on it, the damage was already done whether she told him or he found out on his own. It wasn’t like I needed to live with her or anything. 
“Well, it was good seeing you,” I said politely. 
“You too.” 
I turned. Just then, I noticed the ring. 
+25 Bonus 
An enormous fucking diamond was on her left ring finger. It definitely hadn’t been there the last time I’d 
seen her, it was new. 
Fiona, noticing me looking, smoothly lifted her hand to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear, making sure! got the full view. 
“171 let you get back to your shopping,” she said pleasantly. “Take care of yourself, Avery.” 
She turned and walked away down the aisle. 
I stood there with my basket over one arm, looking at the spot where her hand had been. The ring had been real, and it had been new, and I didn’t need her to explain what it meant. 
Gideon had given it to her. What she’d said about their engagement was true; she must have turned eighteen, and now it was set in stone with a stone. 
I knew I shouldn’t care. It wasn’t my business, and if someone else kept him away from me and my son, then I was glad for it. 
But it didn’t sit right with me. This girl was freshly eighteen, if even that. She was barely legal, and Gideon, a nearly forty year old man, had given her an engagement ring. 
It disgusted me. 
More than that: it terrified me. 
All this time, I’d thought that he might never fully get over me, that he might try to take me and Bjorn as his trophies to hold. But now I knew the truth. It really did have nothing to do with me, just as he said in Asher’s camp all those years ago. 2 
He only wanted Bjorn. His strong Alpha heir. 
Which meant that he would likely try to take Bjorn away from me after all. 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 361
Chapter 361 
Avery’s POV 
The meeting was held in Sebastian’s private conference room. I’d resisted at first when he told me a week ago that he wanted me to speak to some of his business associates, but with his encouragement, I eventually relented. 
I spent the week preparing. Honestly, it kind of soothed me, jumping back into my usual business routine. I enjoyed setting up presentations and preparing portfolios. I had to give Sebastian credit for talking me into it. 
Sebastian’s associates arrived just after ten. There were four of them, all Alphas or senior pack members from nearby territories, and they filed in with the kind of energy that reminded me of every board meeting I’d ever sat in on in the human lands. 
I let them get settled before I started. Sebastian sat at the far end of the table, and I stood at the head of 

Throughout the presentation, I walked them through everything: the product composition, the sourcing, the clinical results, and then the pricing model, the supply chain, and what a trial partnership would look like before any long-term commitments were made. 
When I was finished, there was a period for questions. The associates had some good ones that kept me on my toes, but I relished it. The discussion was lively and interesting, and before I knew it, I was slipping back into my old routine from the human lands, forgetting entirely that I was working with the exact type of people I’d once said I would never speak to again. 
By the time we wrapped up, two of the four associates had expressed serious interest in a trial arrangement, and the other two had asked for the printed materials to bring back to their respective pack doctors. Sebastian caught my eye from the end of the table and gave me a short nod of approval. 
The associates filtered out into the hall after that, where Sebastian’s staff had set up coffee and light food. I gathered my materials and let myself breathe for the first time since the morning. 
That past week had gone by without incident. There was no sign of Gideon. Bjorn was settled and happy, eating everything in sight and coming home covered in dirt each evening. Even my own wolf was content. Life was good here. 
I was starting to think that maybe, just maybe, I’d made the right call coming here. 
“Avery,” 
I turned. One of the associates was still in the doorway. He was a short, dark-haired man in his early forties named Aldric, who ran a mid-sized pack nearby. 
“I want to talk to you about something a little more specific, if you have a minute,” he said. 
I set my folder down. “Go ahead.” 
1/2 
Chapter 24 
+25 Bonus 
“We’ve been dealing with something in my pack. The pack doctor flagged it about three months ago- young wolves, all under age twelve, coming in with weakened immune systems. No obvious cause. We’ve tested everything we can think of.” He folded his arms and glanced at Sebastian. “You mentioned during the meeting that you’ve been experiencing the same thing here.” 1 
Sebastian nodded slowly. I thought about the kids I’d seen in Sebastian’s clinic on my first tour. The same thing was going on in two separate packs, with no connection between them that anyone could see. It piqued my interest. 
“Anyway, I’m hosting a private event at my pack next weekend,” Aldric said. “A few Alphas, standard business. I’d like you to come. Maybe you could visit our hospital and see what we’re working with.” 
I looked at Sebastian. I hadn’t set foot outside the pack since the day I’d run into Fiona at the store, but I’d grown a lot more comfortable. He nodded. “I’ll go.” 
His presence instantly soothed me. I turned to Aldric and accepted his offer. 
Once he was gone, the closet door creaked open. Both Sebastian and I gasped, whirling around. Bjorn stepped out with a sheepish look on his face. 
“Young man!” I scolded. “Were you hiding in that closet the whole time?” 
“Yup.” Bjorn walked over to one of the chairs and sat in it, spinning around. “Can I go to that thingy with 
you?” 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
P 
? 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 362
Chapter 362 
I sighed. “Bjorn…” 
“Pleaaase?” 
I looked at Sebastian. Bjorn had been so happy and well-behaved lately; he had even come to me first and apologized for shouting at the festival. It was hard for me to say no, especially when he was showing interest in my work. 
Sebastian shrugged. “It’s up to you, but I think it could be a good opportunity for him to learn more about your job.” 
I decided that Sebastian was right. Despite my better judgment, I allowed Bjorn to come. He jumped up from his chair upon hearing the news and raced out of the room, hollering with excitement like I’d just told him we were going to the circus. 
Aldric’s pack was bigger than I’d expected. The grounds were large and well-kept, the main building an impressive longhouse that spread outward rather than up, surrounded by gardens that were clearly well- tended. There were already several cars parked along the gravel driveway when Sebastian pulled in, and a handful of people were moving around near the entrance. 
Bjorn pressed his face against the car window. 
“Woah. There are way more kids here than I expected,” he said. 
“Don’t run off immediately,” I said. 
He pulled his face away from the glass. “I’ll wait at least five minutes.” 
“Ten.” 
“Seven.” 
I let it go with a short laugh. 
Thankfully, I didn’t spot Gideon’s car. I took that as a good sign, and didn’t hesitate to get out when Sebastian parked. 
Aldric met us at the entrance of the building and shook hands all around, clapping Bjorn on the shoulder. Bjorn puffed his chest out like Sebastian didn’t already give him enough praise and attention back home. 
Home. It was weird thinking of Evergreen that way, but I supposed that was what it felt like now. 
The main hall was already filling up. Groups were clustered near the windows and along the walls, the low sound of conversation mixing with the quiet music that was playing in the background. It folt somewhat informal. Aldric left us to mingle while we waited for the main event to begin. 
Bjorn ran off to greet some of the other kids nearby. I watched him go, then turned, scanning the room. 
1/2 
Chopter 362 
+25 Bonus 
My throat knotted when I saw Alpha Matthew, Fiona’s father, standing a ways off. I made an audible sound of disgust and turned away. 
Sebastian glanced at me. “Something on my face?” 
“No, it’s not you. It’s…” I subtly nodded my head toward Matthew. 
Sebastian’s brow arched. “Alpha Matthew? Something wrong with him?” 
“Shh,” I scolded, grabbing Sebastian’s arm. “It’s just… You don’t know, do you?” He shook his head slowly, and I sighed. “Fiona and Gideon are engaged.” 
Sebastian stared at me. “What?” 
“Quiet!” I placed a finger over my lips. “From what I gathered, her father had a hand in arranging it when she was sixteen.” 
“Sixteen? Gideon’s, what, forty?” 
“Almost.” I cringed just at the thought. “Look, it’s not our business. But it grosses me out.” 
Sebastian looked like he had more to say on the matter, but for the sake of not being overheard gossiping, he didn’t say it out loud. We’d grown close enough since I came to Evergreen, though, that I was certain we’d have a nice, long discussion about it later over drinks, once Bjorn was asleep. 
The whole thing still gave me the heebie-jeebies. I kept thinking about that enormous diamond ring and everything it symbolized, and it made me sick. Maybe his new, official fiancee was why Gideon hadn’t been coming around lately. I should have been relieved by that, but it just pissed me off. I thought he 
was better than that. 
Just then, the door swung open again, bringing in two new guests. I turned, and my stomach dropped. 
The first thing I saw was the exact same ring that I was just imagining in my head. 
Then, I saw the hand it was attached to-and worst of all, I saw the bicep that the hand was wrapped 
around. 
Fiona and Gideon had just walked in like the belles of the ball. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 363
Chapter 363 
Avery’s POV 
My first instinct was to take Bjorn and leave. To run like our lives depended on it. 
And for a moment, I almost did. My eyes darted to Bjorn, who was on the other side of the room, talking to the other kids. I moved a step toward him, my heart pounding so hard I thought it might burst out of my chest. 
But it was too late. Gideon spotted me immediately, cold eyes flicking straight to me, then to Sebastian, 
who was still standing beside me. 
Gideon and Fiona beelined over. Or rather, Gideon did, with Fiona’s arm still clutching his, practically dragging her behind him. 
“Avery.” 
His voice made my spine go rigid. I turned slowly, trying to will my expression into one of calm neutrality. 
Unbidden, my eyes moved to that ring on Fiona’s finger. It looked just as large as it had the last time I’d seen her, flashing in the light. I half expected her to flaunt it now just as she had in the store. 
But to my surprise, when she noticed me staring, she quickly pulled her hand away from Gideon’s bicep and stuck it in her pocket, concealing the ring. 
My brows lifted on their own. What was that about? I thought Fiona was proud of her accomplishment- or rather, her father’s accomplishment. Gideon had proposed, officially, now that she was eighteen. I thought they’d be flaunting their upcoming marriage. 
I almost wanted to ask, but decided that it wasn’t my problem to solve. I had enough of those and I didn’t need one more. Besides, I just wanted to get out. 
I turned, but Gideon called my name again. 
“Avery.” 
“Mom?” 
Bjorn’s voice made me stiffen, I looked up to see that he was heading our way. His eyes lit up when he 
saw Gideon. 
“Hey, aren’t you the guy from the festival?” he asked. 
I whipped my head toward Gideon. Sebastian growled low in his throat. So it was him at the festival; I knew it! He’d snuck into Evergreen to torment my son. (1) 
Gideon looked at me calmly, like he knew exactly what I’d just figured out and he didn’t care. 
“Is this your son?” he asked. His eyes narrowed to dangerous slits. “Our son?” 
1/2 
Chapter 363 
+25 Bonus 
I hesitated. I could see the anger in his gaze, and it terrified me. He was furious that I had kept his son from him for a decade. He might even use this as a way to get custody of Bjorn and take him from me. 
Sebastian shifted on his feet beside me, and suddenly, I had an idea. 
I met Gideon’s gaze levelly. “No,” I said. “You’re not the father.” (2) 
Gideon froze, face turning pale. I held his gaze, refusing to let him see that I was lying. 
Just then, Aldric walked over, smiling as if he either didn’t notice the tension or was deliberately ignoring it. He placed a hand on my shoulder. 
“Avery,” he said, “I was thinking I could give you that tour now before it gets too late.” 
“Yes,” I replied immediately. Grabbing Bjorn’s hand, I turned and followed the Alpha out of the room. I didn’t give Gideon a second look, although I could feel his eyes on me the whole time. 
As it turned out, Aldric’s problem was eerily similar to Sebastian’s. Multiple children with sudden, unprompted immunodeficiency disorders. There were no toxins found in the water supply. No issues with the soil or air quality. It was as if these kids just suddenly developed these issues overnight. 
When I initially came to visit Aldric’s pack, I hadn’t fully intended to expand the reach of my business here. But seeing the kids in their hospital beds, their small bodies hooked up to machines and fighting just to stay alive, made my resolve crumble. 
If Lycan Root could help even one child get better, then I would put aside my reservations about working with werewolves. I knew that now. 2 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
P 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 364
Chapter 364 
Before I knew it, I was signing a contract with Aldric. The very same one, in fact, that I had signed with 
Sebastian. 
Gideon’s POV 
My wolf was snarling as I watched Avery and the others walk away. Bjorn trailed behind her, looking wistfully at me over his shoulder. 
She was lying. She had to be. That was my son. 
“I’ll be right back,” I said suddenly, not even glancing at Fiona. 
“Wait, baby-” 
“Don’t call me that.” Without another word, I turned and followed them out of the room. 
I kept my distance throughout the tour, remaining hidden. I watched from around corners, listening through doors as they toured the clinic. They were talking about sick kids who’d suddenly developed immunodeficiency disorders. 
Apparently, Avery’s supplement could be beneficial in resolving this problem. I listened to hear speak about it, and she was knowledgeable and compassionate. 
It almost warmed my chest. 
Almost. 
But no matter how empathetic she was to these kids, I couldn’t stop thinking about how goddamn cold she’d been to me. Avoiding me, ignoring me, and now outright lying to me despite everything we once had together. 
er neck, even if she kept Why? It made no sense. We’d been married once. She still bore my mark her end of the mate bond locked up like a wild bird in a cage. And that boy…at followed her around had 
my eyes. 
Either something horrible had happened to make her this way, or there was a huge misunderstanding going on that she wasn’t letting me clear up. But I wouldn’t give up hope. If I could just get a few minutes alone with her, enough time to explain, then she would understand, (1) 
She had to. 
I listened through the door as she signed some kind of contract with Aldric. A moment later, the door swung open. I jumped out of sight just in time, watching from the shadows as Sebastian, Avery, and Bjorn walked away. 
Without hesitating, I slipped into Aldric’s office. The Alpha was sitting behind his desk, going over the 
1/3 
Chapter 364 
+25 Bonus 
paperwork. 
“Alpha Gideon!” He looked up at me. “Did you need something?” 
“I heard you’re partnering with Lycan Botanicals,” I said. “I was hoping to join the partnership.” 
Aldric’s brows lifted. “Is Avery aware of this?” 
“Not yet. I was hoping to surprise her.” 
The Alpha looked at me for a long moment, studying me. I feared he might say no. In fact, I expected it. But to my surprise, he shrugged. 
“Nightwolf is an old and highly respected pack,” he said. “Besides, I heard about your recent union with Alpha Matthew’s daughter. I’d be honored to partner with you, given your recent strides. Why don’t you attend the next meeting with me?” 1 
My lip curled at the mention of Fiona, but I smiled, accepting Aldric’s offer. 
A little while later, I emerged into the main area of the event again. Avery, Sebastian, and Bjorn had apparently left, because I didn’t see them anywhere. Fiona was chatting with some other women on the other side of the room. 
Her father spotted me and walked over, clapping me on the shoulder with a smile. But when he leaned close, his voice was cold. 
“I hope you’re not jeopardizing our agreement for that woman who clearly doesn’t want you,” he whispered. 
My wolf snarled. “I only agreed to three dates and to let Fiona temporarily wear that fake diamond on her finger in exchange to find out where Avery was,” I replied smoothly. “This is the first date.” (1) 
Matthew looked at me. Something flickered in his eyes. I didn’t bother to figure out what it was. 
“As soon as those three dates are up, that ring is coming off,” I said. “And by then, Avery will have come back to me. So tell your daughter not to get too cozy.” 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
D 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 365
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 365 
Avery’s POV 
“He’s so cool. I thought he had a mustache but that doesn’t even matter. Did you see how tall he was, too? I bet he’d be really good at basketball.” Bjorn hopped out of the car, dropping to a momentary crouch on the gravel, then furrowed his brow. 
“Wait,” he said, looking up at me, “do werewolves have basketball?” 
“Yes,” I replied. I tried not to show the annoyance in my voice but it wasn’t easy. I patted Bjorn’s back, propelling him forward. “Go wash up for dinner.” 
Bjorn ran off toward the house, leaving me standing there. He had been talking nonstop about Gideon ever since we left Aldric’s pack; apparently, Gideon had already made quite an impression on him, and Bjorn thought he was just the coolest guy in the whole world. 
It infuriated me, but also made my heart ache at the same time, because I could only imagine how much Bjorn would look up to Gideon if he knew Gideon was his biological father. 
Sebastian stepped out of the car, shutting the door behind himself, and gave me an apologetic 
look. 
“I’m really sorry, Avery. I had no idea he would be there. Aldric and Gideon’s packs are so far away from each other, and as far as I knew they never had much contact-” 
“It’s not your fault.” I thought about that ring on Fiona’s finger and winced, but quickly pushed the feelings down, refusing to let it get to me. Again, not my circus, not my monkeys. ” It’s probably because he’s marrying Matthew’s daughter now. He’s got a whole slew of new alliances.” 
Sebastian rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah. I guess so.” He looked at me as we made our way back to the house together. “You know, I was considering some potential solutions on the way home…” 
I stopped walking and looked at him. “Like what? 
Surprisingly, Sebastian’s cheeks reddened ever so slightly. I’d never seen him do that before, so it took me off guard. 
“What if we told Gideon that Bjorn is my son?” he asked. “And that we’re… together?” 
I blinked, stunned. He was being serious. “Sebastian-” 
“Just for a while,” Sebastian clarified. “Until he and Fiona are married, at least. There would be no entangled feelings, I assure you. But I think, if Gideon thinks you’re truly taken, he might back off. Besides, he already failed to beat me in a challenge, so he might hesitate to try again.” 
I looked at my friend for a moment. Sebastian had always been polite and gentlemanly with 
1/3 
+75 Bonus 
He had never made a romantic move on me, which I appreciated. Not that I was conceited enough to think that every man wanted to be with me, but werewolf males, especially Alphas with no mate, could be…. 
Well. I didn’t need to think about that. Sebastian was a friend, nothing more. 
Thank you for the offer, Sebastian,” I said, “but Gideon will just target you even more if he thinks we’re together. And you’ve already been so kind to me, I don’t want to drag you into my mess.” 
“Very well.” He reached into his pocket and withdrew something. “Consider it, at least. And feel free to wear this if you ever need it.” 
He opened his hand, and I gasped. A golden wedding band was sitting in his palm, glittering in the fading sunlight. 
“Where did you-” 
“It was mine,” he said. His face took on a wistful quality. “A long time ago… Well, it doesn’t matter now. Just wear it if you’re in a pickle, okay?” 
I nodded, taking the ring, and slipped it into my pocket. 
The next day, Aldric arrived for our first official meeting as business partners. Sebastian and I prepared an intimate conference to discuss first steps-supply distribution, trial periods, that sort of thing. 
I didn’t expect Gideon, of all people, to get out of Aldric’s car. 
But he did. He climbed out with a smile on his face, wearing a suit that admittedly fit him perfectly in the shoulder department. He was looking at me like the cat that caught the canary. I hated that my wolf perked up at the sight of those familiar eyes glinting at me in the sunlight. 
“What is he doing here?” I blurted out, whirling on Aldric. I didn’t bother to hide my disdain. Sebastian’s men moved forward, surrounding Gideon, although he just stood there with his hands in his pockets, making no move to fight back. 
Aldric gave me an arch look. “Alpha Gideon approached me last night with a request to join our partnership. Given his recent union with Alpha Matthew, I told him he could attend our first meeting.” 
“You should have told me first,” I bit out. 
Aldric glanced at the men surrounding Gideon.” this how you treat respected Alphas in Evergreen?” he asked, turning to Sebastian. 
Sebastian bristled. “We’re not working with Gideon. He’s not welcome here.’ 
“Then perhaps I should go, too,” Aldric said. “This is very off-putting indeed…” 
Sebastian and I exchanged looks. The partnership with Aldric was something I’d made up my 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
mind about ever since I saw those kids in the clin yesterday. The very thought of leaving them high and dry over personal matters when my supplement could potentially cure them didn’t sit right with me. And judging from the look Sebastian gave me, he agreed. 
I sighed, my shoulders sagging. “He can attend the meeting,” I said curtly. 
Sebastian waved his hand to his men, who backed off. Gideon walked over and nodded politely to me. “Avery.” 
“Gideon,” I said, already turning. 
We headed inside, where the meeting was held in the usual conference room. I avoided eye contact with Gideon the entire time, but I could feel him watching me. 
He made no effort to stay quiet, either. He interjected his thoughts and opinions at almost every opportunity. 
And what pissed me off the most was that his business strategies were actually incredibly sound. He suggested running a clinical trial to start, using Nightwolf as a control population while the children of Evergreen and Aldric’s pack were treated. He also offered to pay for more soil, water, and air quality testing, once again using Nightwolf as a control group. 
I hated to admit it, but by the time the meeting was over, I knew it would be utterly stupid of me to keep him out of the partnership. Sebastian knew it, too. 
But I needed to keep Gideon at arm’s length. I knew that. 
My mind kept going to Sebastian’s offer. I thumbed the ring in my pocket, considering his words from the night before. 
A temporary alliance, nothing more. Just until Gideon and Fiona’s wedding. Then, they would mark each other, severing our bond for good. If I could just last that long, then I wouldn’t have anything to worry about anymore. 
And if it would keep me and my son safe until then, then I would be a fool not to take it. 
So that was why, after the meeting, when Gideon tried to approach me in the hall, I did it. 
“Avery-“Gideon was moving toward me with quick strides. I acted quickly before I could think better of it. 
I grabbed Sebastian’s tie and pulled him down to any level, then kissed him on the cheek, ensuring that Gideon could see the whole thing. 
D 
Comments 
U 
Support 
Share 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 366
Chapter 366 
Gideon’s POV 
The moment Avery’s lips touched Sebastian’s cheek, I froze mid-step. 
Her kiss lingered for a beat too long, her fingers curled around his tie like they belonged there. He shut his eyes and sighed happily, like a man in love might. In those few seconds, the floor fell away from beneath my feet, leaving me floating above a black hole that was threatening to suck me in. 
“You’re not the father,” she had said just yesterday. 
Did that mean…? 
No. I refused to believe that Sebastian and Avery were together, and especially that they had had a child together. Shoving the thoughts down, I continued moving toward her. 
“Do you seriously expect me to believe that you two are together?” I asked, stopping only a foot away. 
Avery slowly released her hold on Sebastian’s tie, but didn’t step away from him. Her hand rested on his chest, and she leaned into him, looking up at me. 
“Well, I would certainly hope so,” she said with a cool laugh. “Considering the fact that Sebastian and I even have a son together.” 1 
The world, which had been perpetually turning on its axis up until that point, suddenly came screeching to a halt. 
Or maybe it was just my heart that stopped beating. 
I stared at Avery. At the point of contact between her hand and Sebastian’s chest. At the way he smiled and wrapped his arm around her waist, drawing her closer. At the intimacy between them that I had never seen before. 
Ten years. For ten years, I had feared Avery was dead. I had spent an entire decade searching for answers, praying to whichever gods were listening that she might be out there somewhere, looking for me in the same way I was looking for her. 
Just a couple of months ago, I had miraculously found out that my prayers had been answered. Or so I thought. 
But now I knew that it was all a cruel joke. 
Avery was alive. But while I had been grieving her for a decade, while I had been losing my mind searching for some sign of her, she had apparently started a new life. 
With Sebastian, of all people. 
It would have been bad enough that they developed a relationship at some point during the past ten years, A decade was a long time, and it was only natural for a woman as beautiful as Avery to find a new lover. But to have a son together? 
I furrowed my brow, thinking about Bjorn. He looked just like me, and we clearly had an affinity for one another. Furthermore, he was around the age of ten, the exact age that our child would have been, because Avery disappeared when she was pregnant. 
There was no way that Avery and Sebastian had been seeing each other when she was with me, right? Avery wouldn’t do that to me. Sebastian was a nobody at that time, too. His name only popped up a few years ago. 
Unless… 
No. I still refused to believe it. The details simply didn’t line up, Avery was lying. For whatever reason, she would rather try to make me think that she had potentially cheated on me just to keep me away. 
Well, it wasn’t going to work. I wouldn’t let it. 
“You’re lying,” I said, tucking my chin. 
172 
47686001 
With a moth motion, Avery pulled her left hand out of her pocket and held it up, splaying her fingers wide. 
“Am 17” 
My cliest caved in There was a golden ring sitting on her finger, catching the sunlight streaming in through the tall windows. A wedding band, without a doubt 
I opened my mouth to speak, although no words came. My wolf was howling, drowning out all other sound. I could hardly breathe I wanted to stubbornly think that she was lying, still, but now I wasn’t so sure 
Maybe Bjorn was my son, but she was telling the truth about her and Sebastian… That meant that this was more than a fling. It 
was serious 
Comments 
Support 
 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 367
Chapter 367 
The thought broke my heart into a million pieces, but in a strange way, something else solidified in its place. Conviction. Avery still bore my mark; I could feel it. Sebastian hadn’t marked her, which meant that there was still a chance for us. 
Therefore, if I didn’t already have enough of a drive to win Avery back before, then it was even stronger now. Avery hadn’t fully moved on, not if her husband hadn’t marked her. 
As if on cue, the door behind us opened, letting in the morning light from the outside. The familiar sound of high heels clicking across the marbles made us all turn. 
“There you are, darling!” Fiona stretched her arms out and hurried over to me, embracing me tightly. “I was just passing by, and I heard you were here, so I decided to stop and see you.” Fiona looked at Sebastian and Avery, who were still tangled together. Then, she wrapped both hands around my bicep and rested her head on my shoulder. “Oh, am I interrupting something?” 
“No,” Avery said coolly. She didn’t even look at the ring on Fiona’s finger. It was like it wasn’t even there. “Gideon was actually just leaving. Sebastian and I have plans.” 
Fiona grinned up at me, but I hardly noticed. A small, naive part of me had hoped she would react in some way to Fiona’s presence. It was part of why I had agreed to this arrangement, after all. 
When Fiona initially contacted me about information regarding Avery, requesting a formal engagement in return, I had refused right away. Fiona was too young, and I never intended to take another wife than Avery. 
But by the time I got home that night, Matthew had been waiting for me. 
He offered me an alternative: in exchange for the information as to Avery’s whereabouts, he wanted me to go on three public outings with his daughter. Furthermore, he wanted Fiona to wear a ring. A fake diamond to make it seem like we were truly bound, even though we weren’t. 
He’d said that some of his business partners were getting antsy about Fiona’s lack of a spouse, as he had promised them already that his pack would soon be allied with, quote, “one of the most powerful packs in the territories” in order to convince them to 
work with him. 
Of course, the fact that Matthew lied to his business partners for his own gain wasn’t really my problem. But Avery was. 
And if I could get information as to her whereabouts, then I would take the offer. So I did. 
Even if it meant having to put up with Fiona for a little while longer. 
Perhaps a vindictive little shred in me also wanted to see what Avery might do if she thought I was with another woman. Like we were goddamn teenagers trying to make each other jealous.. 
But she showed no reaction now. Like she didn’t care at all. 
It infuriated me even more, but that conviction in my chest only doubled then. 
“Come on, baby,” Fiona said, tugging on my arm and pulling me from my thoughts. “I was thinking we could go to that place you like…” 
Avery and Sebastian turned, walking away at the same time we did. I shot them a look over my shoulder, but neither looked at us. 
At her car, Plona turned to me, smiling. “I really would like to cash in that second date tonight,” she said, keeping her voice low so only I could hear. 
I nodded. “Alright. But that leaves just one after this. And you can’t wear that ring forever.” 
Fiona’s eye twitched, but she maintained her smile. 
“Of course. I know the terms of our arrangement,” 
u 
Comments 
Support 
Shore 
+25 Bonus 
22 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 368
Chapter 368 
Avery’s POV 
As soon as Fiona and Gideon were gone, I released my grip on Sebastian’s arm and slipped the ring off my finger. 
“I’m so sorry, Sebastian.” My face was aflame from what I had just done. I handed him the ring. “I didn’t mean to blindside you like that. I sort of panicked and did the first thing I could think of.” 
Sebastian didn’t take the ring. “It’s okay. I’m glad you did it,” he replied. 
I looked up at him. “You are?” 
He nodded, gently taking my fingers and curling them around the ring. “I made that offer last night because I wanted to help you. You’re welcome to take me up on it whenever you need or want.” The tips of his ears reddened faintly. “Besides, the ring suits you. Keep it.” 
I didn’t know what to say to that, but I did appreciate his generosity. Sebastian had already done so much for me and Bjorn; he’d taken us in, let us live in his house rent-free, and had protected us from Gideon. 
It was so much more than I ever expected or deserved. 
“Well,” I said, finally finding my voice, “thank you, Sebastian. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad for us to keep up the charade. Just until Fiona and Gideon are married and mated. Then I’ll get out of your hair.” 
“If that’s what you think is best,” Sebastian said Pausin ne then added, “By the way, how about we go out tonight? I know a good place.” 
“Oh, I don’t know if that’s-” 
“If we’re seen there together, it’ll make it more believable,” he clarified. “Besides, I could really use a drink. I was planning on going anyway.” 
lately, 
I hesitated, considering his offer. Now that I thought of it, I had been awfully coope always lamenting about some thing or another. Hell, I’d been stressed for ten straight years, and had more than a few gray hairs to show for it. 
Finally, I nodded, “Okay, Let’s go.” 
Sebastian smiled. “Perfect. We’ll head out at eight.” 
With that, we parted ways. I spent the rest of the afternoon with Bjorn, and when it came time to get ready, I took a hot shower, then put on a sleek pair of trousers and a button-down. I pulled my hair back into a neat bun and threw on a pair of loafers, then headed out of my room. 
“Where are you going dressed like that?” 
1/3 
Chapter 368 
+25 Bonus 
I turned at the sound of the female voice. A woman was walking my way; she wore a long, flowy skirt and a bandeau top. Her hair was loose around her shoulders and she looked sunkissed, like she had spent all day outside. 
It took me a moment, but I realized that I recognized her from the night of the banquet. She was the woman I had talked to when Sebastian and Gideon were sparring. 
“Sebastian and I are going out for a drink,” I said 
The woman stopped in front of me and looked me up and down. Her gaze was discerning but not cruel, although it made me shift a little on my feet. 
“Is he taking you to The Splendor?” she asked. 
“I’m… not sure.” 
“That must be it. He always goes there.” She grabbed my hand, already pulling me down the hall. “You look great, but this outfit won’t do for a place like that. It’s the fanciest VIP lounge in the territories. No offense, but you’ll stick out like a sore thumb.” 
Well, some offense taken. But her smile was so kind that I couldn’t really be mad about it. She led me down the corridor, then to a room I’d never noticed before. There were a lot of those, actually. 
“You can borrow one of my old dresses,” she said, opening the door to reveal a rather large, well-appointed suite. It was clean, but it didn’t seem like it had been used in a long time. “I don’t use this stuff anymore.” 
As the woman walked into the closet, rifling through the acks, I stood awkwardly in the middle of the room. It smelled faintly of old perfume anu nad all of the markings of a female reside 
“Is this your room?” I asked. 
“Used to be,” she replied. “Not anymore. I have a cottage now.” She emerged from the closet holding a crimson mini dress on a hanger, which she held out to me. “Here. I think this would suit you really well.” 
I stared at the dress for a moment. It was revealing, far more so than what I usually wore. Ever since I had Bjorn, I had stopped dressing sexy and had pretty much only worn pantsuits in the human lands. I wasn’t exactly known for being chic even there, but my clothes were always expensive and got plenty of compliments. 
This, on the other hand… 
The woman noticed my hesitation and laughed, the sound like tinkling bells. She then shoved the dress into my hands rather unceremoniously and began pushing me toward the adjoined bathroom. 
“You’ll look great,” she said, already shutting the door behind me. “Trust me.” 
2/3 
Chapter 368 
+25 Bonus 
Once I was alone, I sighed and got to work. I stripped off my current outfit and slipped the dress on, zipping it up the side. 
Admittedly, it fit perfectly. And when I turned to look in the mirror, my breath caught. The dress hugged my curves like it was made for me, and the amount of thigh it showed was sexy yet classy at the same time. The plunging neckline showed off my chest in just the right way, and it was backless, which was always a plus. 
For a moment, I just stood there, admiring myself in the mirror. I reached up and pulled the elastic out of my hair, letting it fall around my shoulders. 
I looked… younger. Happier. Like the version of myself that had briefly existed before everything changed. 
I had grown so used to my practical, expensive human clothes that I’d almost forgotten what it was like to wear something that werewolf women liked. I’d also forgotten why werewolf women liked these things, but I certainly remembered now; it was feminine and empowering, like owning my sexuality in a way I hadn’t in the past ten years. 
It still felt like a bit much just for a drink or two, but for the first time in a long time, I truly felt like myself. 
“You have good taste,” I said, emerging from the bathroom. 
There was no response. The woman was gone, and I hadn’t even gotten her name. 
I decided I would have to thank her another time I also figured that she wouldn’t mind if I raided her closet a little more, so I found a pair of heels and a clutch that matched the dress. Then, I was ready. 
I head lownstairs, where Sebastian was waiting for me by the door. When he saw me, he pushed away from the wall where he’d been leaning, taking his hands out of his pockets. His eyes scanned me from head to toe, not lasciviously, but with an appreciation that made my heart stutter a little. 
“You look…” His voice trailed off, as if he either couldn’t find the words or was restraining himself. Instead, he held out his arm, and I took it, letting him lead me out to the c 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
GET IT 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 369
Chapter 369 
Avery’s POV 
The Splendor was a newer venue, Sebastian said as we pulled up. It had a gleaming modern outer facade that was mostly glass, allowing you to see straight into the lounge. Even from here, I could see the glittering chandeliers, red carpeting, plush furniture, and the finely dressed patrons. 
That woman was right, I quickly realized. I would have stuck out like a sore thumb if I came here in business casual attire. The place practically reeked of cash when we entered. 
Sebastian held the door open for me. The moment we stepped inside, the hostess rushed over, ushering us to a curved booth in the corner. It was surrounded on three sides by partitions, with a privacy curtain if we wanted it. 
“It’s a pleasure to see you, as always, Alpha Sebastian,” the hostess said, seating us with a smile. “Will you be having the usual?” 
“Yes, Andrea. And bring the whole bottle.” 
“Indeed, Sir.” The hostess rushed away, beelining for the bar. 
I shot Sebastian an amused look. “Are you some kind of celebrity here?” I asked. 
He smirked. “I have a membership. I mean, everyone here does-you can’t get in without one -but I was one of the first. A buddy of mine actually owns the place.” 
“I see,” I said, reaching for the menu. Everything on it was very expensive, most of it imported from overseas. I hadn’t even seen some of these options in the fine dining establishments I took clients to in the human lands. 
A few minutes later, the hostess returned with a bottle of expensive red wine, which she poured for us. Sebastian ordered a couple of appetizers for us to share. I sat back and swirled my wine in my glass, looking around, 
“I have to ask you something,” Sebastian said, leaning forward. “That dress… Is it yours?” 
I shook my head. “No. A nice woman loaned it to me. She said I’d stick out like a sore thumb if I wore what I was initially planning.” 
“I see.” Sebastian’s cheeks flushed a little. “Who was it?” 
“I never caught her name. She was beautiful, with long hair. She wore a peasant skirt and a strapless top. She was at your banquet, too.” 
“Must have been Melissa,” he said. He stared into his glass. “She’s my ex.” 
I sat up a little straighter. “Wait, you have an ex? I asked. 
“Did I not make it obvious?” Sebastian glanced at the wedding band on my finger. “We were 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
fated mates, once. We got married and everything.” He noticed the look on my face-I’d gone pale-and he quickly clarified, “It was an amicable breakup. We were bound by fate, but neither of us really loved the other like that. We grew up together and always saw each other as friends, not lovers.” 
“Oh,” I said softly. “Well, I’m glad it wasn’t a contentious breakup. Otherwise, I’d feel really weird wearing her clothes on a ‘date’ with you.” 
Sebastian laughed. “It looks good on you, trust me. Plenty of men looked at you when you entered.” He sipped his wine. “Did you have any relationships in the human lands?” 
I sighed softly and shook my head. “No. Not really. Human men never…” 
“Don’t tell me human men don’t like you or something like that. You’re a beautiful woman, Avery. You could probably have any man you want.” 
“It’s not like that,” I assured him, blushing a little. “It’s just…” I reached up instinctively toward the spot where Gideon had once bitten me, marking me forever. The mark had long since faded by now, but I could always feel it there, buzzing beneath my skin like an itch I could never shake. 
“Your mate bond,” Sebastian said. 
I nodded and dropped my hand back into my lap. ‘We’re still bound, even after all this time. It made it difficult to love another. I tried to move on, but I could never make it past the first date. It always felt… wrong.” (1 
? 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
C 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 370
Chapter 370 
“And because you were surrounded by humans, no one could replace the mark,” Sebastian added. 
“Something like that.” 
That was the easier explanation, anyway. 
Truthfully, there were plenty of werewolf men in the human lands who tried to get close to me over the years. This wasn’t the first conversation about my mate bond that I’d had with a man; I never went into specifics with others, not like I did with Sebastian, but I’d had a couple of offers to replace my mark with a fresh one, severing my bond with Gideon, over the past ten years. 
I always declined, telling myself that I just preferred being single. But the truth was, I was lonely. I hadn’t been intimate with a man in a decade, and it weighed on me. I wasn’t immune to the painful feelings of being alone with only my right hand for company at night. 
But no matter how many times I tried having one night stands, it never worked. The one time I came close to it, I had to send the guy home before we even took our clothes off. My wolf had gone wild and desperate, begging me not to do it, and I just… couldn’t. 
I didn’t want to tell myself that it was because I still loved Gideon. I didn’t. But no matter which way I cut it, I was still bound to him through this mark. 1 
Not for much longer, I supposed. He would marry Fiona soon, mark her, and then it would all be over. 
I liked to think that I would finally be free then. That I could finally move on and find real love. Someone who actually loved me, not just for what I could give them, but for me. 
I looked up, noticing that Sebastian was still staring at me, His gaze was soft; he was just observing me quietly, not waiting for me to speak or expecting me to tell him more. I appreciated that about him. 
Suddenly, his phone buzzed on the table. He picked it up and groaned, standing. “I have to take this,” he said, “You don’t mind waiting here for a few minutes, do you?” 
“Not at all.” I reached for one of the spoons and the lava cake the waitress had just set down.” But don’t expect this to be here when you get back.” 
Sebastian chuckled and walked away, pressing his phone to his ear. 
I sat there in silence for a few moments, savoring the bittersweet chocolate as I looked around. The lounge was fairly quiet this early in the night although more patrons were slowly filtering in, livening the place up a little. 
My stomach dropped when I looked over at the line of patrons and saw a familiar face. 
1/2 
Chapter 370 
+25 Bonus 
Fiona. 
She was dressed in a short black dress that showed off her slender frame. That, combined with her makeup, even from where I was sitting, made her look way older than she really was. She was looking around the room with a discerning eye, searching for someone. 
I shrank a little into the booth as her gaze shifted my way, hoping she hadn’t seen me. 
But fate was never so kind to me. 
“Avery?” She spotted me immediately and strutted over, stopping a couple of feet away from my table. “What are you doing here?” 
Before I could answer, her gaze flicked to the empty spot beside me, the unfinished wine in Sebastian’s glass, the second set of untouched utensils and the fact that I was eating the lava cake all by myself. 
She stuck her lower lip out as if already deciding what she had seen. 
“Oh. You got stood up, didn’t you?” she asked. She reached out, patting my shoulder sympathetically. “It’s alright. I know it’s hard, being a fresh divorcee from the human lands. But someday, you’ll find someone who will actually want to stay with you for once.” 1 
D 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
B 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 371
Chapter 371 
Avery’s POV 
My mouth dropped open at Fiona’s words. 
A “fresh divorcee from the human lands”? I would “find someone who actually wanted to stay with me for once?” 
When I first met Fiona, I’d thought she was just an unfortunate puppet of the men in her life. Now, I was starting to change my mind on that account. That was uncalled for, cruel, and so utterly incorrect that it was almost laughable. Maybe I had given her too much grace in the beginning, and she wasn’t as much of a victim as I thought she was. 
I was about to tell her exactly how I felt about that statement of hers when a sudden presence shot through the back of my mind like a silver-tipped arrow. Before I could stop it, I heard a familiar voice whisper in my head, “Avery. Talk to me-” 
I managed to slam up my mental walls before Gideon could say more, but the damage had been done. In my momentary state of shock, I had lost a grip on my inner fortress, allowing Gideon to slip in. 
My heart was hammering against the inside of my ribs and my wolf was stirring from sleep. 
Gideon walked across the bar, heading straight for me. Goddess, could I not get away from him for five fucking minutes? 
His eyes were fixed on me, only me. Fiona, noticing this, clung to his arm and gestured to me with her lower lip still creating a little shelf above her chin. 
“Avery got stood up,” she said with a wistful sigh. “How sad.” 
Gideon’s brows arched, but I quickly cut in, “No, I didn’t. Sebastian-my husband-is just taking a call.” I held up my hand, displaying the wedding band, just for good measure. Gideon’s face paled a little at the sight of the ring indicating that my words struck exactly where they were meant to. Satisfaction rippled through me, but it was quickly overshadowed by the sensation of my wolf whining. 
“We should be with Gideon… Not her…” 
I pushed her down, but it was no use. She popped right back up, her whines growing even more intense now. 
Deciding I’d had enough, I stood, grabbing my clutch. “You two have a nice night,” I said pleasantly, brushing past Fiona. I ignored the feeling of Gideon’s eyes on my back and walked over to the bar, where I sat in an open space. 
The bartender was a middle-aged man with glasses and a handlebar mustache. He spotted me immediately and walked over, polishing a glass. 
1/2 
Chapter 371 
+25 Bonus 
“Hello, young lady. What can I get for you?” he asked. 
I studied the menu. “Hm, I’m not sure. What’s good here?” 
“What are you in the mood for? Something fruity? Strong?” 
“Both,” I laughed wryly. 
“I’ll whip you something up,” he said. “On the house, of course.” 
“Oh, that’s not-” 
“Don’t be silly. A beautiful woman like you shouldn’t be buying her own drinks. Not in that dress.” 
I blushed a little as he turned and began mixing something behind the bar. While I waited, I propped my chin in my palm, looking around. Fiona and Gideon were at a table on the far side of the lounge now, near the piano. Fiona had her legs draped over Gideon’s and was tracing shapes on his forearm as she talked. 
Gideon was still staring at me. 
My heart fluttered traitorously, and my wolf’s yearning grew more intense. I quickly looked away, but the feeling of his eyes remained. I could sense him studying me like I was under a microscope. I hated that it excited some small part of me, as if there was still a sliver of the former version of myself who would actually fall for it. 
But I couldn’t help it. Not entirely. I could push the feelings down, but they never went fully away so long as our bond remained. 
D 
? 
Comments 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 372
Chapter 372 
I tried to tell myself that it was unhealthy. That even if Gideon wanted me, he was still with Fiona, an eighteen year old girl. I couldn’t look past that. 
“Here you go.” The bartender handed me my drink, snapping me from my reverie. “Please enjoy it.” 
“Thank you.” I took a sip. It was the perfect amount of sweet and strong, and tasted faintly of mangoes. I took another sip, then another, and before I knew it, I’d finished half the drink. 
The bartender must have made it extra strong, because my head was already fuzzy just from that much. But I chalked it up to the fact that I didn’t drink that much alcohol these days, and frankly, I could use the distraction. 
So I took another sip. 
Gideon’s POV 
“Are you listening, Gideon?” 
“Hm? Oh, yeah. You were talking about your graduation ceremony. 
“Yeah, it’s in a couple of weeks, and I was thinking we could throw a party…” 
Fiona’s voice faded into the background again. I listened on a surface level, just in case she asked me for details again, but my mind was elsewhere. 
I couldn’t stop looking at Avery sitting at the bar looking like… that. 
The red dress was tighter-fitting than what I’d seen her wear recently. It showed off her curves, the muscles in her arms and back, her long legs. She hadn’t changed much in the past ten years; if anything, she had only aged like a fine wine. The human lands had seemingly treated her well. She clearly ate well and worked out, and held herself with a confidence I envied, u 
It made my wolf go wild, 
Right now, I wanted nothing more than to march across that room and tell her exactly how I felt: that I loved her, and I wanted her back, and would do anything to make that happen. If she wanted me to get on my knees and kiss her feet, I would. If she wanted me to self flagellate, I would, 
Whatever it would take to make that woman mine again. 
And for a moment, I almost did just that. But Fiona was talking and had herself draped over me and then Avery got up and walked over to the bathrooms, disappearing down the hallway, and I didn’t see her again. 
Chapter 372 
+25 Bonus 
Fiona snapped her fingers in my face. “Um, hello Gideon, you could at least pretend to care what I’m talking about.” 
“Sorry,” I said. “It’s just…” 
“It’s her, isn’t it?” Fiona moved her legs off of mine and sighed. “You’re really jealous, aren’t you? Because she’s with Sebastian?” 
I didn’t deny it. 
Fiona made a face. “We have an arrangement, Gideon.” 
“And it doesn’t involve a real relationship.” I shot Fiona a look. “You know this, Fiona. You agreed to it. Three dates, nothing more. Then that ring comes off and we’re right back where we started.” 
Fiona’s expression told me anything but, but she didn’t say anything else. With a small huff, she turned away, grabbing her drink off the table. She took a long sip and quietly pouted for a few minutes. 
I looked over at Avery’s table again, but she hadn’t returned from the bathroom. Sebastian wasn’t there, either. Maybe they left early. 
“Well,” Fiona sighed, “I guess we’ll just have to make the best of our temporary arrangement 
“) 
Just then, I felt something. I didn’t expect it. It was strong and sudden, like Avery had reached out through the bond and wrapped her entire fist around one of my ribs, ripping so hard I was certain it might pull free from the socket. 
I gasped, lurching forward in my seat, as Avery’s voice flooded my mind. 
“Gideon! HELP!” 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 373
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 373 
Avery’s POV 
My head was spinning more than it should have been. 
I realized that now, as I stared at my reflection in the bathroom mirror. 
This was more than a glass of wine and a single strong cocktail. My face was swimming in front of me, like there were two of me staring back from the mirror. The tiles on the wall weren’t staying in the same place, and I had to grip the edge of the bathroom sink to keep myself upright. 
I had been drugged. 
That was the single thought that pierced the fog in my mind. I could already feel my consciousness beginning to fade, and I knew it would be a matter of minutes before I lost it completely. I had to do something. 
My fingers trembled as I reached into my clutch, fumbling for my phone. I managed to grasp it, but unlocking it was an entirely different beast. I could hardly lift my arm enough to level it in front of me for the facial scanner, and the buttons on the screen were swimming around, making it impossible to type in my code. 
Somehow, I remembered to use my thumbprint scanner. I unlocked my phone, nearly dropping it in the process, then clumsily navigated to Sebastian’s contact information. 
Before I could call him, I heard the lock click behind me. 
I whirled around so fast that I stumbled, falling directly into a pair of waiting arms. 
It wasn’t Sebastian. It wasn’t even Gideon. 
It was the bartender. 
“Did it kick in yet?” he murmured, more to himself than to me. He looked at me, then smiled when he noticed my current state. “Perfect,” He backed me against the wall, turning me around, and began working at his pants. “This will be quick. Be a good girl and don’t struggle, and I promise you’ll enjoy it just as much as I’m about to.” 
I felt like I was going to throw up. My head spun dizzyingly as he pressed me against the wall, tugging my dress up around my hips. 
For a moment, I almost let him do it. 
Almost. 
But I wasn’t completely gone yet. I could still fight, and I wasn’t going down without one. The moment the bartender wrapped his arm around my neck, fight or flight kicked in, and I reacted with what sense I had left. I dropped my fangs, letting my wolf’s strength surge, and 
Chapter 373 
+25 Bonus 
bit down. Hard. 
Blood spurted everywhere immediately. The bartender cursed, stumbling back, his half-hard cock still hanging out of his pants. I whirled, snarling, but fell to my hands and knees. The tiles rushed up to meet my face, and pain shot through the side of my skull. 
The last thing I remembered before everything went dark was a single thought piercing my mind. 
“Gideon! HELP!” 
Gideon’s POV 
I jumped to my feet, ignoring Fiona’s protests. Avery’s voice rang in my mind, clear and full of anguish. She was in trouble, and she was calling to me, and I wasn’t about to sit here while she potentially got hurt. 
The source of her anguish was coming from the bathroom. I rushed that way and tried the handle, but it was locked. “Avery?” I knocked. No answer. “Avery, are you in there?” 
Nothing. Just quiet. But I sw 
room. 
swore I had felt her calling to me through the mate bond from this 
Then, I saw movement under the door. I heard a groan, followed by the sound of rushing footsteps. 
Something really was wrong. 
“Avery!” I slammed my shoulder into the door, feeling the wood begin to splinter already.” AVERY!” 
There was no answer. It took a few tries, my shouts drawing a crowd of confused patrons, but finally, I managed to break down the door. I gasped at the scene I saw and rushed into the 
room. 
“Avery!” I dropped to one knee beside where she was laying on the floor. Her dress was hiked up around her hips, her arms and legs splayed out against the tiles, unconscious. There was blood on her face. 
She was alone now, but someone had done this to her. 
And I knew exactly who. 
I carefully fixed her dress then scooped her into my arms, one arm under her legs and the other supporting her back, and turned just as Sebastian rushed into the room. His eyes widened. 
“Avery=—=” 
264 
Chapter 373 
+25 Bonus 
Before he could reach her, I stepped back, holding her tighter. “Don’t you fucking dare touch her,” I snarled. “You drugged her, didn’t you? You’re trying to take advantage of her.” 
Sebastian’s hands fell to his sides. “What? I would never-” As if realizing something, his eyes narrowed again, and he took a step closer. “How do I know you weren’t the one who drugged her?” 
“I would never do something like that.” 
“Right, because all of your recent attempts to win her back have gone exceptionally well.” 
“That’s bullshit, and you know it. You’re just trying to project the blame-” 
“It… Wasn’t… Either of you…’ 
Avery’s voice was low and hoarse, but we both heard it. I looked down at her, finding her eyelashes fluttering against her cheeks. With a shaking hand, she slowly pointed at the bathroom window, which I only now noticed was open. 
“I… bit him… He… ran…” 
I looked at the blood on her face, realizing for the first time that it wasn’t hers. Sebastian rushed over to the window and leaned out. 
“I see him!” he gasped, already climbing through. “It was the fucking bartender!” 
What happened after that was chaos. Sebastian hunted down the bartender while I called the paramedics. Avery hadn’t finished the drugged cocktail, thankfully, but would need to go to the hospital. 
I held her hand the entire time, although she did hold mine back. Her fingers remained limp and cold. I told myself that she was just too out of it to notice, but a small part of me thought differently-that even in her current state, want anything to do with me. thought differently—that even in her current state, s 
That part hurt almost a been sitting right fuckin 
she did 
much as the fact that another man had tried to hurt her while I had 
here, 
Eventually, Sebastian turned with the bartender. The man looked roughed up, one eye black and swollen, blood dripping down from his nose. His left arm had a giant gash in it from where Avery had bitten him. Sebastian’s Beta, Colt, cuffed the man and took him into Evergreen custody without question. 
I went to follow Sebastian into the ambulance with Avery, but he stopped me with an outstretched hand. His eyes were hard. 
“I’ve got it from here,” he said curtly. 
I wanted to refuse, but Fiona arrived then, grabbing my arm, Sebastian climbed into the ambulance and the paramedics closed the doors, sealing Sebastian and Avery’s semi- conscious form within. 
3/4 
Chapter 373 
+25 Bonus 
And then they were gone. 
I stood there for a long time, watching as the ambulance’s lights faded into the distance. 
She’d left with him. Sebastian. Her alleged husband. 
And I was left standing there like we never meant a damn thing to one another, even if my name had been the one she had called for help. 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 374
Chapter 374 – Avery’s POV The smell of antiseptic burned my nostrils. | heard machines beeping around me, and fluorescent lights flickering faintly behind my eyelids. For a moment, | thought | was in hell, or some kind of purgatory. | always hated hospitals. They were too loud, too sterile, too chaotic. My wolf could always sense the pain around me, too, and it distracted me and made my chest ache. It didn’t help any, either, that the drugs in my system were making it hard to breathe. With a groan, | cracked one eye open, then the other.
It took a moment for my vision to adjust, but when it did, | found myself laying in a hospital bed. An IV was in my left arm, and a monitor was around my right index finger, hooked up to a machine that was beeping steadily beside me. The room was dimly lit, the overhead lights off. The bright hallway was all that provided illumination. | was alone. Briefly, panic overwhelmed me as my mind raced to recall what had happened. But it didn’t take long for the memories to come rushing back-the drink, the fogginess, the bartender trying to… | blocked that part out. The rest was pretty much a blur.
| vaguely remembered tall figures moving into the room, one lifting me into a strong pair of arms. Everything else… | couldn’t put my finger on it. “Oh, good. You’re awake.” | looked up to see Sebastian striding into the room. His face was pale and drawn with worry, and he rushed over to the side of my bed, clasping my hand in his. “How are you feeling?” he asked. “What’s worse than shit?” | muttered. My voice was raw and gravelly, as if | had smoked a pack of cigarettes while | was sleeping. Everything hurt; my skin burned like someone had taken matches to it.
My chest felt like it was caving in. Each breath was a labor, and most of all, | felt like | was going to puke. Sebastian, surprisingly, seemed to notice that last part without me even saying. My face must have suddenly gone very green, because he quickly grabbed a clean bedpan from the side table and held it out. | doubled over the edge of the bed and threw up. It tasted like alcohol and bile. When | was finished, | felt less nauseous, but now | was shaking.
A nurse came and gave me some medication, checked my vitals, and gave me a sleeve of saltine crackers to munch on, then took the bedpan away. Once Sebastian and | were alone again, | nibbled on the corner of a cracker and groaned under my breath, leaning back against my pillows. He pulled a chair up to the side of my bed and looked at me. “So,” he said. “That bartender spiked your drink.” “| figured.” “Did he touch you?” | nodded. Sebastian’s face darkened. “He’ll be prosecuted, Avery. You don’t need to worry about it.
“Thanks.” | looked at my friend, then said, “What happened after you found me?” Sebastian hesitated for a long moment, his mouth opening and closing a few times as if not really sure where to begin. Then, he said, “I wasn’t the one who found you. It was Gideon.” : The saltine hovered just in front of my lips. “Gideon?” | whispered. Sebastian nodded, watching my expression carefully. | furrowed my brow, thinking, and suddenly it clicked. | vaguely recalled doing something in the spur of the moment, when that bartender locked me in the bathroom and tried to force himself on me.
“1 used the mate bond,” I groaned, passing my hand over my face. “Shit” “Why “shit?” Sebastian asked, leaning forward with his elbows braced on his knees. “You did it, and it saved you. Gideon acted very quickly, I’ll give him that. He kicked the door in and… The look on his face was positively murderous.”big sale: 100 bonus free fou you
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 375
| thought about that for a moment, letting Sebastian’s words sink in. Gideon kicked down the bathroom door to get to me, sensing my need through the bond. It wasn’t that it surprised me, exactly. In fact, it didn’t surprise me at all. That was the hard part. Knowing that, even when | was drugged and still wary of Gideon, my subconscious-my wolf-had known that he was the one | should call for help. That he would come for me, despite everything, when | needed him the most.
| still couldn’t trust him as far as | could throw him, which wasn’t very far at all, considering the fact that he was practically three times my size. But despite my best efforts, a small part of me softened toward him in that moment | tried to push it down, but it was no use. Gideon had saved me, and that was a fact. If he hadn’t been there, with the bond open from his end as if waiting for me to use it, then that bartender would have had his way with me. 1 There was no way | could ignore that. Not that it made me change my opinions of him, but |… appreciated what he had done.
Just then, a sound near the door made us both look up. Colt was standing in the doorway with his hand on Bjorn’s shoulder. “Bjorn,” | said, pushing myself up alittle. “You shouldn’t be here Before | could finish, Bjorn practically launched himself across the room. He jumped onto my bed and threw himself into my arms, embracing me so tightly | could hardly breathe. “Mom, are you okay?” he asked, his voice muffled by my hair. He squeezed me tighter. “I was so worried…” | let out a small breath and rubbed my son’s back with one hand, shooting Colt and Sebastian a look over his shoulder.
“| had to tell him,” Sebastian said, at least having the decency to look a little sheepish. “I mean, you were in the hospital all night, so he was already asking about you.” Oh. | glanced at the clock, realizing for the first time that it was, seven in the morning. Those drugs had knocked me out all night. Suddenly, | was even more glad for Gideon’s quick thinking Bjorn pulled back just enough to look at me and wrinkled his nose. “You smell funny.” | snorted. “It’s the hospital smell.” He shook his head. “No, it’s not that. It’s…” He grabbed a piece of my hair and sniffed it.
“You smell like that guy. The one who | thought had a mustache. Mr… Gideon?” | froze, shooting Sebastian a look. He said nothing. Bjorn released my hair and sighed. He was too smart not to notice. “So it was him,” he said. “I really, really like him, you know. Can we please see him again?” He looked between me and Sebastian. “Can we let him visit more often? Please?” | hesitated, not sure what to say. My first instinct was to say no, and that was final. But then | thought about Gideon kicking down the bathroom door just to get to me.
| thought about the last thing I’d seen before passing out for good-a tall, dark figure and a pair of arms lifting me from the ground-and | knew it was Gideon carrying me to safety. And in that moment, | just… couldn’t tell my son no. Because despite everything, his father had saved me, and that was what allowed me to see my son again at all, and a small part of me softened toward him because of that. The words came out before | could stop myself. “Sure,” | said. “We can let him visit every so often.” 2 Everyone stared at me with looks of shock that perfectly matched my own.
| couldn’t believe | had just agreed to that. big sale: 100 bonus free fou you
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 376
Chapter 376 
Avery’s POV 
Later that day, the doctor discharged me from the hospital, and I was allowed to go home. 
It was strange, thinking of Evergreen pack as “home”, but it was admittedly a relief to step inside the increasingly familiar walls of the Alpha house. 
Once I was settled, though, I made up my mind. 
Something needed to be done if I was going to allow Gideon to come around more. I needed to find a way to protect not only myself, but also Bjorn. 
The idea I’d had swirling around my mind for a while now was a risky one, but it felt necessary. If Gideon truly thought that Bjorn and I were fully bound to another man, then he wouldn’t try to rip us away. (15 
At least, that was what I told myself. 
I found Sebastian in his office and explained my thoughts to him. He listened the entire time, and when I was finished, he nodded slowly, tenting his fingers in his lap. 
“Are you sure about this?” he asked. “A relationship contract may make things messier than they already are. Besides, I’ve already given you my word.” 
I nodded shortly. “I know you have, and I’m aware of the risks. Which is precisely why I want the contract, to make sure that we’re all getting the best out of it.” I met his gaze. “I feel awful, Sebastian. You’ve done so much for me, and I’ve put you right in Gideon’s crosshairs because of it.” 
Sebastian’s face softened. “You don’t have to sign a contract to make up for it, Avery. I did it because I want to.” 
I couldn’t fully comprehend that. To think that someone in the packs actually wanted to help me, just because they wanted to, and not for their own gain… It went directly against the world I remembered here. Maybe Sebastian was different after all. 
But it didn’t change my mind. “Would you be willing to draw up the contract?” I asked. 
Sebastian smiled. “If that’s what you want, then of course. I’ll have my Beta get to work right away.” 
By that evening, the contract was ready to go. It was simple-a standard contract outlining a fake 
relationship that would last the duration of three months. No more, no less. 
During those three months, Sebastian and I would appear as a couple in public, attending events together in order to ensure that Gideon saw us side by side. In private, nothing would change; we would remain friends, nothing more. 
During that time, Sebastian would also claim Bjorn as his own son. 
It wasn’t all beneficial for me, either. We made sure that this plan would be good for Sebastian as well, 
Chapter 376 
+25 Bonus 
by creating the image of a united family, his pack’s prestige would rise, and his ties to my business would strengthen. 
By the end of the three months, our “relationship” would quietly fade, leading many to believe that we’d had an amicable divorce. By that point, I would have finished my work here and returned to the human lands with Bjorn, where we would purchase a new home in a new, undisclosed location. Sebastian would remain as a board member for my business as payment for his help. 1 
It all seemed so simple. Maybe that was why I hesitated to sign my name. 
Simplicity seemed so far from reality these days that I almost wondered if this was a mistake-perhaps Sebastian was right. Perhaps this would only muddy the waters further, give Gideon even more of a reason to stalk me. The simplicity of it might only exist on the surface, and beneath it might lie an entire iceberg of trouble. 
But it could also work. 
Before the contract was up, assuming all went to plan, Gideon would marry Fiona. He would have to mark her at their wedding. Then, he would no longer be bound to me as mates. 
日 
? 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 377
Chapter 377 
By the time the contract ended, he might have completely forgotten about me. 
That was what drove me to sign my name. That small ounce of hope outweighing the worry. That believed that, soon enough, Gideon would move on and so could I. 2 
Freedom. 
Claire arrived the next day to go over the things I’d missed in the human lands while I was gone. She’d never been to the packs before, and looked at everything with awe as Sebastian and I showed her around. All of the other wolves looked at her quizzically, surprised that a human was amongst us. 
“Wow,” Claire said, nudging Sebastian with her shoulder as he showed her the communal gardens out behind the Alpha house. “Do you work in the gardens, too?” 
“Sometimes.” Sebastian smiled. “I do like to get my hands dirty on occasion.” 
“Ooh. That’s a positive quality in a man.” 
Sebastian shot me a look. “Are human women always this forward?” he laughed. 
“Pretty much, yeah.” 
Sebastian chuckled and walked away, guiding us toward the clinic. Claire looked at me behind his back and wiggled her eyebrows suggestively. I rolled my eyes, but smiled. 
She knew all about the contract already. I’d told her about it before I even signed it, just as I told her about everything that happened around here. In fact, after the tour, we headed into Sebastian’s office, and she looked over it. 
“It all seems above board,” she said, setting aside the contract. She then reached for the copy of the one we’d signed with Aldric and Gideon, and studied that one closely. The room was silent for a while, the only sound that of the cuckoo clock ticking on the wall. 
When Claire was done, she looked up at me. Then at Sebastian. “Alpha Aldric invited Gideon without your knowledge?” she asked. 
I nodded. 
Claire huffed and set the contract down, looking at me. “You’re not worried about what this could mean in regards to a business partnership with Aldric?” 
“I’ll admit I didn’t think too hard about that aspect,” I muttered. 
She sighed, “Well, while I’m here, I’d like to meet them. Maybe we could schedule a meeting. And a luncheon after, too. You know what they say-the best way to feel out a business partner is to see whether they order the steak or the lobster.” 
Claire was right. We hadn’t fully vetted Aldric. I hadn’t, at least. Everything had been so chaotic since I 
1/2 
Chapter 377 
+25 Bonus 
got here that I’d admittedly forgotten to apply some of my own business strategies. 
This was exactly why I needed Claire. 
A few days later, Alpha Aldric arrived bright and early for the meeting. Gideon, of course, arrived soon after, pulling into the driveway in his sportscar. 
Sebastian and I stood on the front steps to greet them. I made sure to lift my left hand to wave, letting the golden ring catch the sunlight. 
“Good morning, Alphas,” Sebastian said warmly, resting his hand on my lower back-just like we practiced. 
“Morning.” Gideon’s eyes went straight to the ring, which was exactly what I wanted. He looked like he wanted to say something, but clearly restrained himself. 
Sebastian, smiling, stepped to the side and gestured toward the door. “We should get started. There’s coffee in the conference room.” 
We all started moving that way, but just then, the sound of an engine revving made all four of us turn back. A dark car was pulling up the driveway. I recognized the driver right away; her designer sunglasses and slicked back bun couldn’t be missed as she stepped out, holding a briefcase in one hand. 
“Oh, good!” Fiona called out, hurrying up the path. “I was worried you all started without me.” 
D 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 378
Chapter 378 
Avery’s POV 
In a strange way, it almost didn’t surprise me that Fiona showed up unannounced. She seemed to have a penchant for it, so it was just par for the course at this point. 
But what I didn’t expect was for her to walk up the front steps with a briefcase dangling from one hand, pushing her sunglasses up on her head, and act like she belonged in this meeting. 
Fiona smiled, either totally oblivious to the fact that none of us had expected for her to show up, or deliberately ignoring it. 
“I came as soon as I could,” she said. “It seems I’m just on time.” 
I looked at Claire, who shared my expression of exasperation. She knew all about Gideon and his child bride, and we both had the same feelings about it. 
It was gross, and neither of us really wanted anything to do with her. 
“Sorry,” Claire said, breaking the silence first, “just on time for what, exactly?” 
Fiona shot her a perfunctory glance. “The meeting, of course!” She grabbed Gideon’s arm and clutched it tightly, her smile tightening as she looked up at him. “You did tell them I’d be joining today, right, darling?” 
I folded my arms and looked at Gideon, half expecting him to say that yes, he did intend for Fiona to join our business arrangement. Part of me almost wanted him to say it so I could break off the contract altogether and tell him to leave. 
But to my surprise, he looked just as taken aback as the rest of us did. 
“I don’t recall us discussing that,” he said. 
Fiona’s face dropped briefly, although she quickly smoothed it over with another smile. “You must have forgotten. I was supposed to take notes?” 
“No, we definitely never talked about that.” Gideon’s voice was cold and firm. “You shouldn’t show up to things uninvited, Fiona. It’ll give you a bad reputation.” 
Fiona said nothing, but the way her lips pressed together, creating thin lines around her mouth that looked out of place on an eighteen years old, spoke volumes. 
No one said anything for a moment. Finally, just wanting to get the meeting over with, I muttered, “You can join us.” 
Claire, Sebastian, and even Gideon looked at me in surprise, but I ignored them and headed inside. As we made our way to the conference room and took our seats. I noticed that Gideon took a spot between Aldric and Sebastian before Fiona could sit. 
Not to be diminished, however, she grabbed a chair and squeezed herself between him and Aldric. 
Gideon rubbed his hands together under the table, clearly frustrated. I watched him out of the corner of my eye, intrigued by the obvious tension between him and his fiancee, but I decided not to dwell on it. It didn’t involve me. 
The meeting went on without a hitch at first. Sebastian brought up a few talking points about the specifics regarding the contract, which Claire added to in her own way. I then went on to video call my lead scientist in the human lands, who outlined the first steps of the clinical trial. Then, I gave a short presentation on my expectations for the timeline. 
Fiona sat quietly, for the most part, aside from the scratching of her pen in her notebook. I had to give her credit for that; she didn’t get involved. 
It wasn’t until after the meeting had concluded and we were preparing to go out for lunch that she spoke up. 
Gideon approached me after the meeting, jogging to catch up with me in the hallway. I didn’t slow my pace, but it didn’t matter. He fell into step beside me with ease. 
1/2 
Chap 378 
+25 Bonus 
“Avery,” he said, “I just wanted to tell you how impressed I am.” 
That got me to look up. “Impressed with…?” 
“You.” His lips twitched faintly, as if he were suppressing a smile. “I’ve noticed throughout all of our recent meetings just how much you’ve grown.” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 379
Chapter 379 
I stopped walking and turned to look at him. “How much I’ve grown,” I repeated. I couldn’t decide if he was being genuine or condescending, but my instinct was leaning toward the latter. 
Gideon nodded. “When you were… I mean… When we were…” His voice trailed off, and he rubbed the back of his neck. “Back then, you didn’t seem to have much of an interest in business. Now, you’re running your own.” 
I stared at him for a moment, trying to decipher what he was really saying. Was he actually impressed, or was he trying to imply that a part of him missed the way I was before? Back when I was his meek and mild-mannered Luna, whose main purpose in life was to get married and have pups? 2 
My wolf snarled softly at the thought. 
“He’s not like that,” she said. “You know it.” 
My jaw tightened as the image of the other night in the bar filtered back into my mind. Tall and dark figure, strong arms. Gideon’s concerned face. 
I sighed, realizing that my wolf was right. I was being defensive. 
“Thank you,” I said. “But ten years have passed. People change.” 1 
I let that final statement hang between us, hoping he would get the hint; I wasn’t just talking about business. I was talking about 

He seemed to get it, if the way his eyes darkened slightly was any indication. 
Just then, Fiona walked up to Gideon, grabbing his arm in that way that made him stiffen. I noticed it, but once again, I pushed it away. Circus and monkeys and all that. (1) 
Fiona looked at me and tilted her head. “Hm. Ten years outside of the packs, huh?” she asked. “I guess time flies.” 
“I guess so.” 
Fiona smiled and looked up at Gideon, then at me again. There was something sharp in her eyes. That calculating look she always had, subtle but unmistakably there, whenever she was thinking of her next move. 
“I guess living in the human lands changed you a lot. I mean, you’re basically a human now; you dress like them, you talk like human women… Not that I’m saying it’s a bad thing, of course, it’s just… Well, ten years is a very long time.” Her hand tightened around his arm, wrinkling the fabric of his suit jacket. “Long enough to basically make you an entirely different person. On the inside and outside.” 
I blinked at Fiona as silence fell between us. I wasn’t stupid-she was calling me old, and she thought I was so set in the human ways that I wouldn’t see it. 
She was also saying that I didn’t belong here. Amongst my own kind. Like ten measly years was enough to take away my wolt. 
Well, she was wrong. My wolf was alive and well, and wiser than she could ever be, and I wasn’t about to let a child speak to me like that. 2 
Righteous indignation bubbled up in me, no matter how much I tried to suppress it. It was the same as the night at the lounge when she mentioned a “divorce”-who did she think she was, speaking to me like that? After everything I had been through, after everything I had accomplished, I didn’t need to put up with this bullshit. 
I knew I probably should have stayed quiet so as not to rock the boat, but it was too late. The words came out with no filter. 
“Well, you were only eight years old when I left the packs, and you’re barely older than that now, so maybe you really have very little clue about how the passage of time changes people.” 
Fiona stiffened. Even Gideon froze. 
Chapter 379 
Strangely enough, I didn’t even regret saying it. 2 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 380
Chapter 380 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 380 
Avery’s POV 
Damn. That felt… good. 
I knew it shouldn’t. At the end of the day, Fiona was young, and she was a product of a father who basically sold her off to an 
older man. I was aware of that. 
But then again, I had been through a world of shit at her age and I didn’t insult people for no reason, so… there was that. 
Also, the look on her face-first confusion, then realization, then the distinctive pink cheeks of humiliation-was too satisfying to feel bad about what I had said. Maybe it meant she had learned her lesson about belittling her elders, especially during business meetings. 
The hallway was silent now. Sebastian and Claire, who had previously been having their own discussion off to the side, turned to us and watched. Aldric drew in a sharp breath. Fiona was trembling, clearly furious, her manicured nails digging into Gideon’s 
bicep. 
I maintained a polite smile, although I did glance at Gideon, half expecting him to tell me off for insulting his future wife. 
Surprisingly, though, he didn’t. In fact, I could see the barest hint of a smirk tugging at one corner of his mouth. 
Did he… agree with me? 
Before anyone could say anything, the sound of a spaceship toy suddenly echoed through the house. Bjorn came barrelling down the stairs, holding his new toy that Sebastian just bought for him over his head and making pew-pew noises. 
When he saw Gideon standing there, he gasped, then-much to my chagrin-he slid down the railing and dropped down at the bottom, thankfully unharmed. 
“Mr. Gideon!” he said, rushing up to him and holding his toy out. “Check this out! It’s a real T-Star Fighter Jet 2000!” 
“Wow. That is really neat.” Gideon crouched in front of him, smiling, and let Bjorn show him the toy. Bjorn started pressing all of the buttons and explained what each one did in detail. 
I watched them for a moment, feeling something warm blossom in my chest that had been budding there for a while now. I hated to admit it, but Gideon was good with him, and Bjorn took to him like a moth to a flame in a way he didn’t latch onto anyone else. Not even Sebastian, who he admittedly liked quite a lot, had that effect on him. 
For a second, I almost imagined a life unlived-one with the two of them together, from the start, as father and son. A family, happy and close. The very thing I had dreamed of for so long, but could never fully provide for him. 11 
I quickly pushed the image down, deciding that it wasn’t worth the pain, and turned away, reaching for my purse and jacket hanging nearby. 
While Gideon and Bjorn were distracted, Fiona walked up to me and cleared her throat. I looked over to see her standing there with her arms folded tightly across her chest and a sour look on her face. 
“That was uncalled for,” she said quietly, keeping her voice low so only I could hear. 
I took my time putting on my jacket before I answered. “So was essentially calling me old and unfit to be here,” I pointed out. 
Her lips puckered. “That’s not what I meant.” 
“So you admit it,” I said, slinging, my purse over my shoulder. “You sald the wrong thing because you’re young and out of you depth, and you don’t know what you’re getting into.” 
Fiona’s face drained of color. Her hands dropped to her sides, fingers twitching there. I could practically smell the urge to throttle me on her breath. 
1/2 
Chapter 380 
+25 Bonus 
“I’ve tried to give you grace, Fiona,” I said, not bothering to keep my voice low. I didn’t care if anyone else heard. “I can look past the fact that you’re marrying a man twice your age because I don’t think it’s your fault-but the nasty comments are all you. Watch yourself, because you have no idea who you’re dealing with.” 
Fiona gasped, but I ignored her and walked over to the door. I could hear her saying something to Gideon, but I didn’t linger long enough to make out what it was. Although, as I stepped outside, I could have sworn I heard him mutter the words: ” Deserved it…” 
The restaurant Claire picked out was in the same region as The Splendor, although thankfully, we didn’t pass by the lounge; I wasn’t sure if I could handle looking at the place just yet after what happened. Instead, we went to a nice bistro overlooking a lake, with an appetizer menu the length of my forearm and a lot of seafood options. 
The host led us to a table big enough for all of us in the corner-Bjorn insisted on coming, even though I knew he would get bored-and took our drink orders before walking away. A few minutes later, the waiter arrived. I ordered a cobb salad for myself. Bjorn got chicken fingers and fries. I was definitely going to steal a few of those when he wasn’t looking. 
While we waited for our food, we launched into more discussions regarding the business arrangement. Alpha Aldric had some lingering questions about the arrangement after the meeting, which Claire and I answered with ease. 
Gideon, for his part, didn’t engage much in the conversation. That was partially because Bjorn had sat next to him, placing himself between us, and kept showing Gideon whatever he was drawing on his placemat. 
It was also partially because, rather than speaking, he would glance at me more often than not. 
I pretended not to notice, but it wasn’t easy. I could feel Gideon’s eyes burning into the side of my head, making that side of my face almost seem hotter than the other. 
I didn’t look over at him, though. Because I could hear him talking to Bjorn, and I feared seeing the same dangerous image in my head again of a reality that could never fully come to fruition. I also really didn’t want to acknowledge Fiona’s angry glare, so. 
Finally, our meals came. We chatted amiably while we ate; Sebastian and Claire mostly argued over steak versus lobster, respectively, with Aldric chiming in about how neither option even held a candle to chicken parmesan. I did manage to steal some of Bjorn’s fries before he noticed and wagged his finger at me, making us both laugh. 
It felt good to laugh. I had to admit that. As if, for a little while, this was the same boy he had been when he was younger. Bjorn seemed so happy, so at ease, so much like his old self. It made having to share a table with Gideon and Fiona a little easier. 
After we ate, we ordered a round of coffees and teas. I reached into my purse to retrieve a stack of documents and began passing 
thern around. 
“Here are the health and safety reports regarding Lycan Root,” I said as the papers went around the table. “Please feel free to keep a copy for your records.” 
Aldric took his copy, then frowned, holding it up. “Are you sure this is the right thing?” he asked, turning it so I could see. ” Looks like this is Bjorn’s expulsion letter from school.” 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
213 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 381
Chapter 381 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 381 
Avery’s POV 
Bjorn’s expulsion letter stared at me from across the table. The big red letters at the top were clear: ” 
EXPELLED FOR VIOLENT MISCONDUCT.” 
The table fell silent. Even Bjorn, who had previously been chattering away to Gideon about something, went quiet. I could feel him shifting in his chair beside me, looking up at me as if I might have an answer. 
I didn’t. 
I only knew one thing for certain: I had not put those papers in my purse. I distinctly remembered printing out multiple copies of the health and safety report this morning. Furthermore, I only possessed one copy of Bjorn’s expulsion letter, and it was via email. 
I wracked my brain, trying to think of a way this could have happened. Had I clicked on the wrong document on my laptop this morning to print off? That was the only explanation I could think of. 
Bjorn tugged on my sleeve. I looked over to see that his eyes were watery. 
“Why did you do that?” he whispered. “Am I in trouble?” 
“No, sweetheart.” I rubbed his shoulder. “It was an accident, that’s all.” I nodded to Claire, who began to gather the papers. “I’m sorry, everyone. I must have printed off the wrong document this morning.” 
Fiona, sitting on Gideon’s other side, suddenly set down her coffee cup with a clink that seemed to echo in the quiet space. 
“Well, I guess it’s all in the open now, isn’t it?” she asked. “Bjorn, you’ve been a naughty boy, haven’t you?” Bjorn froze. I reached for him, but before I could, he pushed his chair back and fled from the restaurant. 
I went to stand, but Claire shook her head and stood, going after him instead. The table remained silent for a few more moments. 
In the wake of their departure, I slowly looked over at Fiona, studying her. She was smiling, but that sparkle had returned to her eye, indicating that she knew exactly what was going on. 
She was behind this. I was sure of it now. I wasn’t sure how she got her hands on that document, but it didn’t matter; I specifically remembered putting the health and safety report in my purse because I had put it in my purse, and somehow, she had printed off multiple copies of Bjorn’s expulsion letter and replaced it. 
That was the only explanation I could think of. She was trying to get back at me. Trying to humiliate me. 
Well, I wasn’t about to let her. 
Turning to the others, I calmly said, “Well. Since we don’t have the reports on hand, I’m just going to have to recite them for you, aren’t I?” 
1/3 
Chapter 381 
+25 Bonus 
Fiona’s spine went rigid in the corner of my eyes, but I ignored her. Over the next few minutes, I launched into a long-winded explanation of everything outlined on the report, word for word. I had it all memorized from going over it a million and one times with Claire, so it came easily. 
“The Human Health and Safety Administration rated our facilities an S on the six-tier scale,” I explained. Our machinery is regularly serviced, eliminating any concern of microplastics or other foreign materials in our supplements. Furthermore, our facilities recycle all water and materials used to create and package the supplements. Our containers are made of biodegradable materials formed from a mixture of recycled plant matter and gelatinized shells…” 
As I went on, Fiona almost seemed to shrink in my peripherals. Good. I ignored her very presence and kept going. 
By the time I was finished, Bjorn and Claire had returned, and no one at the table had spoken except for Aldric, who occasionally chimed in with a question. If anyone remembered Bjorn’s expulsion letter, they 
didn’t mention it. 
Afterwards, we paid the bill using my company card and headed out to our respective cars. I kept my hand on Bjorn’s shoulder, offering him a smile. “How about we stop for some ice cream on the way home?” I suggested, to which Bjorn responded with a grin. I watched as he skipped off to the car with Claire. Then, I turned, looking back at the restaurant one last time. 
Gideon and Fiona were coming out. Her face was still pinched, and she spotted me immediately. She beelined over before I could make a swift escape. 
“Avery, I had no idea Bjorn was expelled,” she said, pressing her hand to her chest. “I thought it was some kind of inside joke. I really didn’t mean to make him upset!” She looked over my shoulder at the car. “Can I talk to him? I’d like to apologize-” 
“That won’t be necessary.” I stepped into her path before she could approach my son. “In fact, I’d prefer if you stay away from him from now on.” 
She pulled her head back. Her eyes narrowed. “Oh. Is it because of the misconduct? He’s a big kid, but I assure you, I’m not concerned about him potentially hurting me-” 
“It’s not him you need to worry about,” I snarled. 
Fiona lifted her chin, eyes flashing. I held her gaze. 
Gideon jogged over then, positioning himself in such a way as to prevent an altercation. “Everything alright?” he asked. 
Fiona gripped his arm. “I think we should leave. She just threatened me.” 
Gideon arched a brow at her. “What did you do to elicit that?” 
I whipped my head toward him, surprised by that. Fiona was clearly surprised, too, because she blurted out, “Aren’t you going to stand up for me?” 
“Stand up for you?” Gideon pulled his arm away. “Fiona, I don’t need to stand up for you. Especially not 
2/3 
Chapter 38 
+25 Bonus 
against Avery.” 
“But I’m your fiancee! Your future Luna!” 
“Not really. And you know it.” Gideon looked at her head-on. “Avery is the only woman I love, Fiona. And the title of Luna will belong to her and her alone.” He glanced at me, and his face softened. “No gaudy ring can get in the way of that.” 2 
Fiona made a sound that could have been a snarl or a whimper; I wasn’t entirely sure. But I could hardly hear her anyway over the sound of my pulse rushing through my ears. 
For a moment, I just stared at Gideon, certain I had misheard. 
He… loved me? 
And intended to make me his Luna? 
My wolf leapt with joy at the news, but all I felt was confusion and anger. All that time that we were together, he couldn’t say it-even when he knew I was pregnant with his child, he said he only wanted the baby, and that he never loved me. 
No. This had to be some kind of trick, some kind of way to get through my defenses so he could finally get what he wanted: Bjorn as his heir, and me as his mistress, no more than a physical outlet for his wolf’s urges. 1 
I was sure of it. 
“You should watch what you say, Gideon,” I said. The words came out calm and even, although on the inside, I was screaming. 
He frowned. “What do you mean?” 
“I mean that my husband is here, and he won’t take kindly to my ex getting the wrong idea about us. We’re over, Gideon. It’s time to move on.” 
Before Gideon could answer, I turned and walked away. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
get it 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 382
Chapter 382 
Chapter 382 
Gideon’s POV 
I felt like a coward as I watched Avery just… walk away. Get into that car with another man and that child that I was pretty certain was my own. And leave. 
Fiona was standing beside me, tugging on my arm and saying something, but I couldn’t hear whatever it was over the sound of my wolf howling. 
Avery was my mate. Sebastian very well might have her at the moment, but one thing was for certain—we were still bound in the most meaningful of ways, whether she liked it or not. 
And I knew she still loved me. She had to. Even after all this time, even after ten years of space and a world of hurt, I knew that for certain. Avery still loved me, even if she was too afraid to admit it. ? 
I could see it in her eyes whenever she looked at me—that faint sparkle that she always tried to hide but couldn’t fully. I could see it in the way her cheeks instinctively flushed when I looked at her, the way she always angled her body toward me when we were in the same room, even if she didn’t notice it. 
Most of all, I had heard it myself. That night at the lounge, when she was in danger, she had called for me. Not Sebastian. Not anyone else. 
Me. 
She was lying now. I was certain of that; when she said those words just now, they were designed to sting, nothing more. She didn’t believe them. Maybe she thought she did, but she didn’t. 
She was just trying to push me away. 
I still couldn’t put my finger on whatever misunderstanding had made her believe that she needed to hide from me, but that was neither here nor there at this point. I was going to convince Avery of the fact that did love her, I did care for her, and 1 never intended to hurt her. a 
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon, she would understand. 
She had to. 
“Ahem. Gideon!?” 
I blinked, refocusing my eyes on the parking lot beneath my feet. Fiona was standing there, her black pumps with the red bottoms tapping impatiently against the 
Chapter 382 
+25 Bonus 
asphalt. I slid my gaze up to see that her face had gone beet red and her lips were pursed. She had her arms folded so tightly it made it look like she was trying to push her breasts up into her ears. 
“What?” I asked. 
She made a sound, then gestured vaguely with one hand. “Were you seriously not listening that whole time?” 
“No. Not really.” 
Fiona huffed. “Gideon, she doesn’t love you anymore! She probably never did. You heard her; she’s married with a son and she wants you to move on. So move. On.” She took a step closer. “Move on with me. Make this real.” 
As she spoke, she held up her hand, displaying the fake engagement ring so that it caught the gray afternoon light. 
I wasn’t stupid. I knew that her father had hoped for me to cave and make the engagement official when he put that fake ring on her finger. They thought they could wear me down. 
But they couldn’t. I had made up my mind ten years ago when I lost Avery for the first time, and nothing in the world could change it. 
Instead of answering, I said calmly, “Since you showed up unannounced today, did that count as our third and final date?” 
Fiona’s lips worked, but no words came out. Her eyes seemed to darken like a cat’s eye’s when it’s royally pissed off. I almost expected her to drop her claws and slash me across the face. 
But she didn’t. She just stared at me, silent, clearly at a loss for words. 
“One more date,” I said, turning away. “Then that ring comes off, and I don’t want anything to do with you.” 
“But Gideon-” 
“You deliberately passed around copies of a ten year old’s expulsion letter,” I said over my shoulder. “You’re not Luna quality, anyway,” a 
Fiona didn’t call after me, but I could feel her staring at me all the way back to my c 
By the time I got home later that evening, I had made up my mind. Avery kept using her marriage to Sebastian as a barrier between us, but I’d had bad feelings about it from the beginning. It was just a hunch, but was pretty certain that they were both 
Chapter 382 
+25 Bonus 
lying, and I was determined to get to the bottom of it. 
I called my Beta to my office right away and explained the situation to him, not that he didn’t already know. Tegan listened quietly as I spoke, one brow arched. When I was finished, he leaned forward, bracing his elbows on his knees, and looked at me levelly. 
“Are you sure you want me to look into this?” he asked. “You might not like what we find.” 
I nodded curtly and without hesitation. “I want to know everything. Marriage records, timelines. Even a DNA test if you can get a sample of the kid’s hair. I don’t think those two are really married, and I think Bjorn is mine, and I won’t rest until I find out for certain.” 
“And what if you’re wrong?” Tegan asked. 
That question struck me square in the chest because honestly, I hadn’t allowed myself to think of that possibility. But my Beta was right; it wasn’t concrete yet, and I needed to be practical. 
“If it’s true,” I said, “and Avery really did move on and have another son, and if she truly loves Sebastian, then I’ll let her go.” 
My Beta looked at me like he thought I was full of shit. We both knew I’d never be able to let go; that ship had sailed a decade ago. But he didn’t press the matter, and left. 
By the next morning, he returned. I hadn’t slept well, spending most of the night in my office, going over paperwork that I barely noticed. Really, I spent most of my time pacing, going over all the possibilities in my mind. 
Tegan burst into the room around eight in the morning, startling me from a near- sleep in my armchair. I stood, waiting impatiently for the news. 
My Beta walked over to me, and it was only then that I noticed he was empty- handed, No documents, That could either be a really good sign or a really bad one. 
“Well?” I asked, 
Tegan took a deep breath. “I looked into their marriage and found… nothing,” he said. “No photographs, no public marriage records from either of them; just som woman from his past that didn’t work out. 
“Who was she?” I asked. 
Chapter 383 
+25 Bonus 
“I’m not entirely sure. I tried to find her, but she wouldn’t speak to me.” 
“Anything else?” 
My Beta went on, “I did manage to ask around Evergreen. Everyone I spoke to said that they had never even seen them together before Avery showed up in his pack a few months ago.” 
“But Bjorn is ten,” I said. 
Tegan nodded. 
The implications swept over me like a wave. I sat down in my chair, staring at my Beta in shock. 
Avery and Sebastian were not married. Bjorn was very likely not their son. 
Did that mean that she was lying after all? Was she single? Was Bjorn mine? 
I should have been happy, but right now, all felt was betrayal. 
Why was Avery doing this to us? 
P 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 383
*25 Bonus 
Chapter 383 
Avery’s POV 
The boy was young, no older than Bjorn. He was small for his age, with sandy blond hair that had clearly once been full and shiny, but was now dull and thin and falling out, leaving behind bald patches on his scalp. 
I sat beside his bed, gently holding his tiny hand and rubbing soothing lines back and forth across his knuckles with my thumb. The nurse said that his parents were no longer around; they had unfortunately passed away in a car accident when he was a baby, leaving him an orphan. 
He wasn’t alone, though. The people of Evergreen were good and selfless. A family took him in. Raised him as their own, and raised him well. 
He was a good boy, she said. Smart and kind and sweet. 
The sickness took him quickly and violently. In days, according to the nurse, he went from being a vibrant, healthy little boy who liked to rum and climb trees to a shell of his former self. He lost weight, lost the light in his eyes, his appetite, everything. 
Now, pretty much all he did was sleep; when he wasn’t sleeping, he was crying from the pain, so the nurses kept him sedated most of the time so he didn’t suffer. 
It broke my heart to see a child like this. He should have been out playing with the other kids, not laying in bed, hanging onto life by a thread. 
But that was how the sickness went, it seemed. One day, these kids were fine, and the next, their immune systems simply gave up. 
The fact that these issues weren’t pack-specific was incredibly concerning to me. No one knew why kids with autoimmune disorders were suddenly cropping up across multiple packs. As far as we were aware, it wasn’t related to soil, water, or air quality. 
The kids just got sick all of a sudden, and no one could put their finger on it. 
I hoped that Lycan Root would at least give them the boost they needed to get better. 
Despite all of the drama and chaos that had gone down since my return to the packs, I had to give credit to one thing-being here, putting up with the bullshit, could seriously help these kids. I kept reminding myself of that whenever I thought about Fiona and Gideon and all of the reasons why I wanted to leave, and it made me stay. 
“There,” the nurse said quietly, leaning back once she’d finished injecting the serum into the boy’s IV bag. “We’ll see how his body responds to that. I gave him a low dose at first, just to be safe.” 
I nodded and stood, stretching. The boy was sleeping, and would probably not see any effects from the Lycan Root for a while. He was our first we still didn’t know if he would react at all, 
1/2 
Chapter 383 
+25 Bonus 
but his caregivers had given us the go-ahead to test the serum on him. 
It was either that, or he was going to die anyway. Better to try something and have it fail than not try at all and never know if we could have saved a life. 
I was just turning to leave, wanting to give the nurse some space, when the infirmary doors opened. Colt walked into the room and spotted me immediately. He looked a little perturbed. More so than usual, at least, which was a little concerning, because Colt always looked mildly put off. 
“Is everything okay?” I asked, approaching him. 
He mouthed something. 
I frowned. “Repeat that?” 
“Gideon… is… here,” he mouthed again in a low voice, as if we were being watched. 
I stiffened. Suddenly, the door opened behind him again, and this time, it was Gideon who 
walked in. 
“Gideon.” I turned to face him fully. “Does Sebastian know you’re here?” 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 384
Chapter 384 
“I was just passing through.” He was holding something in his hands. A bag, I realized. From a kids’ store. I recognized the logo immediately. 
“What’s that?” I asked. 
He held the bag out. “See for yourself.” 
I didn’t take the bag right away. Colt took it instead, obviously to Gideon’s chagrin, who curled his lip at the Beta before releasing the handles. Colt looked inside the bag, confirming it wasn’t a venomous snake or something, then furrowed his brow and handed it to me. 
Curious by now, I took the bag and peered inside. To my shock, there were multiple toys inside; a stuffed wolf, a couple of those DIY airplane kits with the millions of tiny pieces that would definitely get lost and stepped on with bare feet at some point, and even a new pair of sneakers. The expensive kind with the logo, no less. And in Bjorn’s exact size. 
I frowned, looking up at Gideon. “What’s all this about?” 
“It’s for Bjorn.” Gideon smiled faintly, although there was something tight to his face that hadn’t been there the last time I had seen him. Like he was holding back from saying something. “I’d like you to give it to him for me. 
“No, thanks.” I handed the bag back without hesitation. “I don’t think this is appropriate.” 
“What? Why not?” Gideon didn’t take the bag. He looked at it, then at me with a lifted brow. 
“Because he’s not your son,” I bit out. 
The words made Gideon flinch. I nearly did, too, but I restrained myself. On the inside, though, my wolf was screaming at me to tell him the truth. To stop this. 
I ignored her. Because it was safer this way. 
Gideon’s face hardened. “So I can’t even give the kid a present?” 
“Nope.” I dropped the bag on the ground between us, then went to shove past him. 
Before I could get very far, Gideon’s hand caught my wrist, pulling me back. Colt snarled as Gideon turned me to face him, although I held up my free hand, silently indicating for him to back down. He did. 
“What do you want?” I whispered. 
Gideon’s hand tightened around me. “I want you to tell me the truth.” 
“I have told you the truth.” 
“Oh?” Gideon lifted my arm, waving my hand in my face. “Then why aren’t you wearing a wedding ring, Avery?” 
1/2 
Chapter 384 
+25 Bonus 
My eyes darted to my ring finger, which was indeed empty. I never wore the ring except when I knew I was going to run into Gideon. Otherwise it felt too heavy, too wrong. I didn’t like wearing that costume all day. 
For a moment, I wasn’t sure what to say. My throat bobbed as I struggled to come up with a response, and all the while, Gideon stared at me, waiting for me to slip up. 
I wouldn’t let him see it. 
“I’m working,” I said, yanking my arm away even though it hurt my skin to do so. “I can’t wear a ring in the clinic:” 
Gideon shot me a disbelieving look, but he didn’t have a chance to say anything else, if there was even anything else to say. Colt stepped forward, snarling and muttering something to Gideon that I couldn’t hear, although I was sure it was somewhere along the lines of “Get out, or else.” 
Gideon glared at me for a moment longer. Then, he turned and strode out of the infirmary, forcefully opening the door so that it slammed into the wall. 
I stared after him and I didn’t move until I was certain he was gone. 
Only then, when I finally looked down for the first time, did I realize that the gift was still sitting on the floor. (1) 
P 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 385
Chapter 385 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
“Go figure.” I stormed over to the gift bag and picked it up, glancing inside one last time. Shaking my head, I turned to the nurse who had been working with me before. 
“Is there a place I can donate this?” I asked, holding the bag up. “Maybe the kids in the clinic would like to play with these toys.” 
The woman hesitated, then shook her head. “Not here, unfortunately. I can’t have the clutter laying around.” She gestured vaguely. “The pack house would accept it, I’m sure.” 
“Thanks.” With that, I turned and left, intending to march right down to the pack house and hand the so-called “gifts” over. 
I made it halfway down the path, the afternoon sun warm against my face, when a familiar figure appeared in the distance. A woman in a long, flowing skirt and a handkerchief top came walking up the path, swinging a basket of what looked like freshly harvested fruits and vegetables at her side. 
When she saw me, she waved and walked over. “Avery,” she said. 
I smiled politely. “It’s Melissa, right?” 
She nodded, and her eyes immediately went to the bag. “What’s that?” she asked. 
“Oh.” I held the bag up. “It’s something Alpha Gideon left for Bjorn. I was planning on donating it to the pack house kids.” 
Melissa arched a brow and peered inside the bag, then looked up at me again. “Why not give it to the boy it was intended for?” 
“Because he has plenty of toys, and besides, I don’t really want to be accepting gifts from…” My voice trailed off as I realized what I had almost admitted to. That Gideon was Bjorn’s father. Somehow, I felt strangely compelled to open up to this woman, although I restrained myself. 
It didn’t matter, though. She gave me a look as if to say that she already knew all about the situation. 
“You’re afraid of him,” she said simply. 
My stomach dropped. Did Sebastian tell Melissa about my past? He promised it would remain private, and I didn’t think they were that close anymore. Oddly, though, I didn’t feel upset about it. Just… a little confused. 
“Something like that,” I replied. 
Melissa studied me, her cool eyes flicking over me not with judgment or disdain or even curiosity, but pure understanding. Something about it was comforting. 
“It’s okay to be afraid, you know,” she said, smiling faintly. “But when fear gets in the way of reality, that’s when it becomes. dangerous.” 1 
I blinked. “I’m not sure if I follow,” 
Melissa tucked her chin. “I think you do.” 
I felt my cheeks flush instinctively under her gaze. I couldn’t explain it, but something about her made me uneasy. Not in a bad way-she still had a comforting, kind presence-but rather as if her words were forcing me to look inward, and I didn’t like it. 
Because maybe, deep down, I knew a part of what she said was right. 
Bjorn had obviously taken an immediate liking to Gideon, and the feeling was clearly mutual. I couldn’t deny that, no matter how much I wished I could. And I knew that someday, regardless of how much I tried to keep them apart, the truth would come out, and then there would be no hiding from what would happen next. 
Melissa, noticing my look, gently reached out and touched my hand that was holding the bag. “It’s ultimately your decision,” 
Chapter 385 
+25 Bonus 
she said softly. “But think deeply about whether this defensiveness is truly necessary and aligned with the real evidence you have, or if it’s founded on mere fear and misunderstandings.” 4 
I didn’t answer that. She pulled her hand away and walked down the path, swinging her basket at her side. I watched her go moment, her skirt trailing behind her, her feet bare in the dirt. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 386
Chapter 386 
Before she disappeared, I called out, “How do you know?” 
Melissa didn’t stop walking. She didn’t even turn. She just said over her shoulder, “The trees tell me things.” 
I blinked a few times, certain I had misheard. Before I could ask what she meant by that, she was gone, disappearing around the bend in the path. 
I stood there for a long moment, looking down at the bag in my hand. Guilt sent a pang shooting through my chest, and before I knew it, I was turning back to the house. 
A few minutes later, I found Bjorn in his room, reading a book. That took me by surprise, because in the human lands he wasn’t much of a reader. But I didn’t say anything for fear of making him stop out of embarrassment. 
“Hey,” I said, shutting the door behind me. “I have something for you.” 
Bjorn sat up on his bed and perked up as I handed him the bag. “What’s this?” 
“A gift.” I sat on the edge of the bed. “Open it.” 
Bjorn’s whole face lit up. He tore into the bag with gusto, gasping at the various items nestled within. Upon pulling out the sneakers, he immediately put them on and ran a lap around the room, laughing. Then, he pulled out the toys and practically squealed with delight. 
“You got me all this?” he asked, looking at me with his arms full. 
I opened my mouth to tell him that yes, I had. Because it seemed easier. But then I thought about Melissa’s words, and I just… couldn’t lie. 
“It was Alpha Gideon,” I said. “He stopped by and left it for you.” 
Bjorn’s eyes sparkled. “Really?” He clutched the boxes to his chest even tighter. “That’s so cool! He’s the best.” 
My chest tightened. I chose not to comment on that, and simply watched as Bjorn began opening the box for the DIY airplane kit. He immediately started tearing into the various pieces, scattering them all over the bed. 
“Bjorn, buddy, maybe you should do that on the dining table or something,” I said. “And read the instructions first.” 
“Yeah, maybe you’re right.” Bjorn began shoving the items back into the box. “Maybe Alpha Gideon can come over and help me.” 
I swallowed hard. “Sebastian will be home soon. I’m sure he’d be happy to do it with you.” 
“Yeah, that would be cool, but…” Bjorn looked up at me. “I would really like to do it with Gideon. I like him a lot. So does my wolf.” 
“Your wolf…” I hated the implications of that, and almost didn’t want to know the details, but I asked anyway, “Why do you feel such a connection to him, do you think?” 
Bjorn shrugged, “I’m not sure, I just feel like we know each other somehow. Like this.” He held up his index and middle finger, which were crossed over each other. 
I opened my mouth to respond, but before I could say anything, the sound of Sebastian’s voice echoed through the house. Bjorn looked at me, and I nodded, giving him the go-ahead to scamper off with his new toys. I sat there on the edge of his bed, listening to his new sneakers pound down the stairs. 
Once the house was quiet again, I sighed, running my hands over my face, and didn’t move for a long time. 
These days, it was becoming more and more apparent to me just how much of a bond truly existed between Bjorn and his father. 
1/2 
Chapter 386 
+25 Bonus 
And it was a lot stronger than I initially thought it could be, which led me to wonder… just how long could I keep up this facade before the truth inevitably came out? 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 387
Chapter 387 
Avery’s POV 
+25 Bonus 
The sun rose high and hot the next morning, bringing with it the sound of cicadas buzzing in the grass. and a warm steam rising from the dewy ground before eight o’clock even struck. 
I had just finished my coffee and was preparing my things to head to Aldric’s clinic. Our trial was beginning there today, and I wanted to be present for the initial tests. 
Bjorn, who was surprisingly already awake at this hour, came bounding down the stairs just as I was reaching for my purse in the hallway. He was still wearing his new sneakers. I honestly wasn’t even sure if he had taken them off last night to sleep. 
“Where are you going?” he asked, hopping down the last two steps and skidding to a stop in front of me. 
“Do you remember Alpha Aldric?” I asked. “When we went to his pack for that party?” 
“Yeah…” 
“Well, I’m going there today to give my medicine to some kids. I’ll be there all day, so don’t cause any trouble here, okay?” I said. 
Bjorn looked at me. “Can I come with you?” 
“I don’t know, Bjorn. I’ve got a lot of work to do today…” 
“Pleaaaase?” Bjorn clasped his hands together and gave me those big puppy-dog eyes that almost never failed to make me cave in to any request. “I won’t get in the way or anything.” 
I planted one hand on my hip. “Why do you want to come so badly? I’m gonna be working. It’ll be boring, and you’ll be trapped in the clinic all day. It’s so nice out, you’d be much happier staying here where you can be with your friends.” 
Bjorn groaned like I had just told him he had to eat an entire head of broccoli, which he hated. 
“I’m getting so bored here!” he complained. 
“But you love it here.” 
“Yeah, I do, but I know the whole pack like the back of my hand now. I want to explore more of the packs. There’s so much I haven’t gotten to see yet.” 
I looked at Bjorn, seeing the desperation in his expression, and almost gave in. Almost. But then I thought back to yesterday, and how Gideon had looked at me like he would do anything to get close to Bjorn, and it still made me very uneasy. 
If Sebastian had been coming with me today, it would have been a different story. But I still felt a little unsafe traveling the packs without him, especially with Bjorn by my side. If Gideon showed up, I wanted the extra protection of having my “husband” with us. 
1/2 
Chapter 387 
41306 
“Sorry, bud,” I said, ruffling Bjorn’s hair. “Maybe next time.” 
“Maybe?” Bjorn sighed. “Maybe’ just means ‘no’ in Mom Language!” 
I smiled slightly, but didn’t give in. “I’ll see you later, kiddo, Spend some time outside today, I promise you’re not missing much.” 
Bjorn’s groan echoed all the way to the car. When I backed out of the driveway, I could see him standing in the doorway, pouting at me. 
Fiona’s POV 
“You must do something about that woman, Fiona,” 
I finished off the rest of my tea and set the cup aside. A servant immediately came to take it away, and once they were gone, I looked at my father. 
He was furious, of course. I couldn’t blame him; I was furious, 100. 
Avery had been a thorn in my side since her sudden return. At first, I thought that Gideon would accept my proposal in exchange for information-that he would simply take her as a mistress, giving me the 
title of Luna. 
But then he told me that he would never give me the title, and that it belonged to Avery and Avery alone. 
This was getting to be more difficult than I initially expected, 
“I’m trying,” I said, rising from my chair. “But he’s obsessed with her. He won’t listen to reason.” 
My father narrowed his eyes at me. “Try harder, then. Your little scheme with the papers clearly wasn’t effective.” 
“Printing out those expulsion records was the only thing I could think of in the moment,” I snapped back “I thought that if Gideon realized the kid is useless, he would give up his pursuit. But he didn’t react at all.” 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
312 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 388
Chapter 388 
+25 Bonus 
“Well, you have to think of something better.” My father thought for a moment, then suggested, “Maybe it would be easier to drive the woman away. She clearly has fewer ties to the packs, and wants nothing to do with Gideon. If she leaves for good, he won’t be able to chase her anymore.” 
That had crossed my mind. Avery didn’t want Gideon, or so she claimed; it might be easier to drive her and the kid off before Gideon could snatch them up. 
“I need to think about it,” I said, grabbing my car keys. “I’m going on a drive.” 
My father didn’t stop me as I walked out. It was a warm, sunny morning, although there was a particular humidity in the air that spoke of rain coming later. I climbed into my car, putting on my sunglasses, and pulled out of the driveway. 
The road was empty, the air perfect for driving with the windows down. I turned up the radio and rested one arm on the car door, driving with one hand as I hummed along to the music. 
I must have driven for a few miles by the time I saw the small figure moving alongside the road. It was about a mile away from the Evergreen border. A small pup was bounding along the ditch, chasing what looked to be a small animal through the grass. 
Curious, I slowed, leaning over to get a better look at the pup. He stopped, too, panting, and looked at me. 
The moment I saw those eyes, even in wolf form, I recognized him. 
That was that fucking kid. 
I pulled over before I even realized what I was doing and stuck my head out the window. “Bjorn?” I called out, causing the pup to cock his head at me. “What are you doing out here all alone?” 
The pup shifted back, revealing that it was indeed the little boy. I didn’t see Avery anywhere, or Sebastian, for that matter. He appeared to be completely alone outside the Evergreen borders. 
He walked up to me, breathless. “Hi, Miss Fiona. Do you have any water?” 
I pursed my lips and handed him my water bottle. “You didn’t answer my question,” I said as he chugged. “Where are your parents?” 
“My mom is visiting Alpha Aldric.” Bjorn wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and gave me back my water bottle. There was saliva on it, which made me grimace. 
“And you’re out here on your own… Why?” 
He shrugged. “I wanted to explore more of the packs. My mom wouldn’t let me go with her, so I climbed over the wall and decided to check out the nearby fields. I know how to get around on my own. I’ll be safe, I promise.” 
I lifted a brow, watching him. In that moment, an idea crashed through me. A risky one, but potentially very effective. 
1/2 
Chapter 380 
+25 Bonus 
The kid was clearly a troublemaker. His expulsion was evidence of that, and now this. I could use that to my benefit. 
“You said you wanted to explore?” I asked. 
Bjorn nodded. “The human city doesn’t have all this nature. I want to see if I can find any cool new animals. 
I smiled. “You know, I know a place. It’s really cool. I could show you.” 
Bjorn’s face lit up. “Really? Are there animals there?” 
“Lots.” I gestured for him to come over. “Why don’t you climb in? It’s not far?” 
To his credit, the kid did hesitate for a moment, watching me warily. He wasn’t entirely stupid. But I just smiled, waiting patiently, and finally, he walked over and opened the back door. 
Once he climbed in, I pulled further down the road, toward the signpost that read “Devil’s Rest.” 
I pulled down the side road, onto the dirt, and began to drive toward the place I had in mind. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
日 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
GET IT 
X 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 389
Chapter 380 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 389 
‘Avery’s POV 
An all too familiar car was waiting in Aldric’s driveway when I arrived. Gideon was standing beside it, leaning against the door with his arms folded. The moment I saw him, a pang shot through my temples. 
Oh, no. I knew that pain all too well. 
For a moment, I considered turning around and leaving. But I had an appointment today, and Gideon had already seen me, so I had no choice. 
I clenched my jaw as I put the car in park and climbed out. Gideon was already moving toward me and waving. 
“Don’t,” I said, reaching for my bag in the back seat. 
He stopped a few feet away. “Don’t what?” 
“Just… don’t.” I grabbed my bag, shutting the car door behind me, and walked past him. I could already feel à headache coming 

Gideon, of course, followed, which just made another throb shoot through my eyes. 
“Are you here just to rub yesterday in or something?” I snapped, not slowing my pace or looking at him. 
“What are you talking about, Avery?” 
“If you have more gifts for my son, he won’t get them this time. I’m not gonna let you try to weasel your way into his life with presents.’ 
Gideon looked at me. “Wait, so you gave the gifts to him after all?” 
I didn’t answer that, but I didn’t need to. I was pretty sure that my face gave it all away, because Gideon smiled somewhat, his lips tugging slightly upwards at the corners. 
“I hope he liked them,” he said. 
Ignoring him, I headed into the clinic, where Aldric was waiting. Gideon followed me, claiming that he was here strictly for business purposes and nothing more. But I knew the truth-he was trying to spend as much time with me as possible. 
As if, by following me around like a lost puppy, he would get me to change my mind about us. 
Well, it wasn’t happening. Despite what Melissa had said yesterday, I was still pretty certain that Gideon wanted one thing and one thing only: Bjorn. His heir. And he would say or do anything to make that happen. 1 
I was not going to let him trap me as his mistress, a pure physical outlet and not someone he could truly see himself loving as a real wife and mate, and that was final. No amount of seemingly “kind” gestures or sweet words could change that. 2 
The young girl we were testing the Lycan Root on was already in the clinic, propped up in one of the hospital beds. Unlike the last boy, she was awake, although just barely. She was tiny, with mousey brown hair and freckles all over her face. She looked up at me with glassy blue eyes as I approached. 
“Gina, this is Miss Avery,” the nurse said gently as I set my bag down beside the bed. “She’s got some special medicine that might help you and all kinds of other kids get better.” 
The girl looked at me warily. “I’ve tried lots of medicine,” she said. Her voice was raw and hoarse, which was so out of place ou such a little girl. “None of it makes me feel better.” 
My heart ached, but I forced what I hoped was a reassuring smile. “Well, maybe this time it’ll be different.” 
“Okay…” She didn’t seem convinced, but didn’t argue. 
Choptar 
+25 Bonus 
The girl didn’t flinch at all as the nurse placed an IV in her arm; the small blue and yellow bruises indicated that she’d had that done many times. The nurse then took my liquid sample of Lycan Root and injected it into the IV bag, slowly turning the liquid within a deep golden color. 
Gideon and Aldric watched quietly as the nurse worked. I sat on the edge of the girl’s bed and pulled out a small teddy bear I had picked up on my way. Her eyes remained glassy, but she took it and clutched it in her small hand. 
“Thanks,” she said. 
“You’re welcome.” I smiled, although it felt thin and watery. The headache was getting to the point where it would definitely become a migraine very soon. “I hope you like it. I didn’t know which animal is your favorite, though.” 
“Oh… I don’t really have one.” 
“You don’t have any favorite animals?” I asked. “Surely there must be something.” 
She just shook her head. 
Gideon took a step forward, and I felt my headache intensify by a degree. 
“Not even unicorns?” he asked. His voice made my jaw tighten. 
The girl shrugged. 
“What about… crocodiles?” 
Another shrug. 
“Zebras?” 
No reaction to that. The medication seemed to be making her sleepy already, and her eyelashes began to flutter. Gideon looked 
at me. 
“What happens now?” he asked quietly. 
I stood. As I did, I felt my head spin somewhat. The familiar pain of a migraine was setting in quickly, just as it always did-one moment I would be fine, and the next I would be in such excruciating pain that nothing, not even those special cold packs or medication made specifically for migraines, could help. 
“Now we wait,” I said. I turned to Aldric. “I need to step out for a bit.” 
The Alpha nodded, and without hesitating, I walked over to the exit and stepped outside. The air was hot and humid, but the breeze was somewhat soothing against the sudden pounding in my head. I could hear Gideon say something after me, calling my name, but I didn’t stop. 
These migraines had been a regular occurrence ever since Bjorn was born. The doctors said that I had suddenly developed the disorder due to the stress I endured during my early pregnancy. 
Over the years, they got fewer and further between, but when they did come, it felt like I had been hit by a freight train. The pain was intense and all-consuming, and when a migraine came on, all I could really do was lay down and try to sleep it oft and hope that it had passed by the time I woke up. 
I found a large, shady oak tree not far off from the clinic and sat under it, not caring if the grass stained my pants Shutting my eyes, I leaned my head back against the bark and breathed deeply. 
In through the nose, out through the mouth. 
I didn’t intend to fall asleep. I had work to attend to, and only planned to rest for a few minutes in the hopes that the worst of the pain would pass quickly enough to get back to it before the little girl woke. 
But the pain didn’t fade; it only intensified, and soon, I was dozing off, my body insisting on rest. 
Chapter 380 
+25 Bonus 
I wasn’t entirely sure how long I had slept for. But when I woke, the sun was still high and warm, and a fresh shadow had fallen over me. I expected it to be Aldric, coming to ask why I was sleeping on the job. 
“Sorry,” I said, rubbing my eyes and cracking them open. “I had a migraine-” 
“I figured it was something like that. My wolf sensed that you were in pain.” The deep voice that responded wasn’t Aldric’s, but Gideon’s. He was standing over me, holding something in his hands. 
Upon closer inspection, I saw that it was a tray with a glass of orange juice, a sandwich, and a tiny cup of what looked like pills. 
“Here.” Gideon set the tray down on the grass beside me. “I hope this helps you feel better.” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
GET IT 
X 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 390
Chapter 390 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 390 
Avery’s POV 
I looked at the tray. A glass of what looked like freshly squeezed orange juice, a sandwich with cheese and cold cuts, and a cup with two small pills in it. 
My mouth watered a little at the sight of the food. Truthfully, orange juice often did help with my migraines-something about the vitamin C and sugar helped soften the pain around the edges. And the sandwich did look good, nice and thick with a crispy lettuce leaf sticking out. 
I wasn’t sure how Gideon knew it would help, but the gesture warmed my chest a little anyway. 
But I quickly squashed the feeling before it could take root. I wasn’t about to take another “kindness” from him. Not when I knew this was all just an act to convince me to go home with him, where my son 
would become his heir and I would become the mistress while Fiona took the title of Luna for herself. 
“Thanks, but I’m fine,” I said, standing. 
The moment I did, my head spun, my vision darkening at the edges. With a gasp, I nearly collapsed right then and there as my knees buckled out from under me. 2 
Gideon caught me before that happened. 
For a moment, neither of us moved. His arms were warm and familiar around mine, and it made all of my instincts kick in. My wolf howled, urging me to press closer, to feel more, of Gideon’s body against mine. Already, I could feel my headache beginning to fade away like a cold tide pulling away from the shore. 
It infuriated me. (1 
I pushed against Gideon’s chest. “Let me go, please.” 
Gideon looked down at me with such complete and utter calm that it pissed me off even more. “Avery, you almost collapsed just now. Do you want to hit your head against the tree?” 
I pursed my lips. Deep down, I knew he was right. I felt like shit and I needed sustenance and medicine if I was going to feel better. Digging my heels in wasn’t going to help the situation any. 
“Okay,” I said with some chagrin. “I’ll behave.” 
Gideon’s lips curved with amusement at my choice of words, and my face heated. Gently, he lowered me back down to the grass, helping me lean against the tree. He then picked up the tray and placed it on my lap. 
“Thanks,” I muttered. I picked up the pills and popped them into my mouth, then swallowed them with a swig of the orange juice. 
I almost dared to hope that Gideon would be gone by the time I looked up, but of course he wasn’t. He took a seat right next to me, watching me. 
1/3 
Chapter 390 
+25 Bonus 
“You don’t have to stay,” I said, picking up one half of the sandwich. 
He didn’t budge. “I want to make sure you’re alright.” 
I wanted to roll my eyes, but for some reason, I found that I couldn’t. The gesture was admittedly kind, and I found myself thinking back to Melissa’s words from yesterday-about whether my fear was based on reality or assumptions. 2 
Unbidden, my mind went back to that fateful day all those years ago in Asher’s camp, when I thought we would both die there. 
Gideon had clearly stated that he only wanted my baby, not me. And he had slept with a slave right in front of me. (1) 
That certainly felt like reality. 
My jaw clenched at the reminder. I took a big bite of my sandwich, chewed, and swallowed. It was admittedly pretty tasty. 
Gideon glanced at me sideways. “So,” he said. “Migraine, or…?” 
“Yeah.” I took another bite and spoke with my mouth full. “How could you tell?” 
He shrugged. “Your face practically went green in there. My wolf said you’re in pain. I didn’t see any injuries, so I figured it would be either a headache or perhaps cramps.” 
I couldn’t help it. I snorted at that. 
“Women are simple creatures, I guess,” I said. 
Gideon chuffed quietly. 
“I didn’t know you got migraines,” he pointed out. 
I hesitated for a moment, then popped the last bite of my sandwich into my mouth. “I didn’t always get them. The disorder developed after I had Bjorn. They come and go.” 
“Oh.” Gideon turned to face me somewhat. I didn’t look at him, just picked up my orange juice and drank half of it, but I could feel his gaze flickering over me. “It must have been the pregnancy in the human lands. Lack of proper vitamins, air quality, and all that.” 
“What?” I looked at him suddenly, still holding my orange juice. 
“Well, the human lands aren’t exactly conducive to a werewolf pregnancy,” Gideon clarified. “If you had stayed in the packs, with me, then you probably wouldn’t have these problems.” 1 
My fingers tightened around the glass so much that I thought I might shatter it. 
Of course. Of course he was fucking implying that all of my problems were caused by my leaving the packs. As if my early pregnancy hadn’t been marred with stress that he had partially been the cause of. 
2/3 
Chapter 390 
+25 Bonus 
But I didn’t say that, of course. Mostly because if I did, then he would know that Bjorn was his kid. But also partially because I knew he wouldn’t believe me, and that he would still put all of the blame on my 
decisions rather than his actions. 
I stood, setting down the glass, and dusted off my pants. 
“Well, thanks for the food and medicine,” I said, “but I have to get going.” 
“Avery, wait-” 
“My choosing to leave the packs has nothing to do with my migraines,” I blurted out. “In fact, if I had stayed in the packs, Bjorn wouldn’t even be here. Because he’s not your son.” 
Gideon stared at me, lips parted. Before I could feel guilty for the lie, I turned and left. 
“Don’t follow me around anymore, either,” I called over my shoulder. “We’re business partners, nothing more. Get that in your head.” 1 
Gideon didn’t respond. But I could feel his eyes on me long after I had disappeared from his line of sight. 
The rest of the workday went smoothly. The medicine and sustenance did, admittedly, help a lot. I didn’t see Gideon after that; he must have left with his tail between his legs. 
The little girl showed some response to the Lycan Root, which was promising. I made plans with Aldric to return for another test in a couple of days, then left. By the time I made it back to my car, my headache was gone, and so was Gideon’s vehicle. 
I drove home a little over the speed limit, eager to get back to safety, and to Bjorn. The sun was setting by the time I pulled up to the Evergreen Alpha house. I yawned, stretching a little as I climbed out of the car, then headed inside. 
“Avery! There you are!” Sebastian, seemingly waiting for me, came rushing into the foyer when I arrived.” Didn’t you get my calls?” 
“No…?” I pulled my phone out of my purse. I hadn’t looked at it once all day, which I quickly realized was a mistake. There were several missed calls, voicemails, and texts from Sebastian. 
I looked up at my friend. “What happened?” 2 
His face paled. “Bjorn went missing,” he said. “We haven’t been able to find him all day.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+2 
X 
get it 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 391
Chapter 391 
Avery’s POV 
“Bjorn!” 
+25 Bonus 
“Bjooom!” 
Our calls went unanswered across the fields. The wind was picking up now, sending ripples over the tall grass. The air smelled like rain, and the sky had darkened rapidly in the span of twenty minutes. 
Sebastian and I stood at the roadside, breathless and terrified. Bjorn had been missing for four hours now, and I was this close to sending out an inter-pack alert to find him. 
“Trail’s gone cold,” I said, planting my hands on my hips and looking around. (1 
Using my familial bond and knowledge of Bjorn’s particularities from similar incidents in the past, we had managed to track his trail down to the tall, grassy fields about a mile away from the Evergreen borders. I could see his little paw prints in the muddy ditch, indicating that he had been here at some point. 
But after that, there was nothing. 
Sebastian scratched his head. “I don’t see any footsteps heading back.” He looked at me. “I wonder if he got into someone’s 
car.” 
My stomach sank like a stone in water at the suggestion. Sebastian and I exchanged glances, and I knew he came to the same 
conclusion I did. (1) 
Gideon. (4) 
Gideon had been with me during the visit to Aldric’s pack, but he had left early. Given the approximate timeline of Bjorn’s disappearance and the location-Aldric’s pack was further in this direction, and Nightwolf was in the opposite direction-there was a very good possibility that Gideon had spotted him alongside the road and picked him up. 
And if Bjorn wasn’t in Evergreen right now, then that meant only one thing. 
He was still with Gideon. (1 
Sebastian and I wasted no time. Hurrying back to Evergreen, we climbed into the car and immediately made for Nightwolf. It was over an hour’s drive away, but Sebastian sped most of the way, so we got there a little sooner. 
By the time we arrived in Nightwolf, the rain was starting to come down in fat droplets that were washed away by the windshield wipers. Sebastian pulled up the long, winding road leading to the Alpha house, and I held my breath, looking out the window. 
Being back in Nightwolf after a decade was strange. The place had seemingly hardly changed over the years; the hillsides dotted with little clusters of cottages, yellow lanterns spilling out into the rapidly darkening landscape. 
At the top of the hill sat the Alpha house, the place I once thought would be mine. It looked the same as ever. Dark, sprawling, and yet just as beautiful as I remembered. Fresh ivy had grown over the walls, and the gardens were slightly different. More overgrown. But still stunning, and more nostalgic than I wanted to admit. 
I suppressed a shiver as Sebastian put the car in park, making him look at me. 
“You can wait in the car if you’re uncomfortable,” he said. “I can go-” 
“No. I’m coming.” I reached for the door handle. “If he took my son, then I want to confront him head-on.” 
Sebastian didn’t argue with that. We stepped out of the car and hurried up the path, where I grabbed the large brass knocker and slammed it three times, as hard as I could, against the door. I waited with my arms folded. 
A few moments later, the door swung open. Gideon was standing there in a button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up to the 
1/2 
Chapter 301 
elbows and a dishcloth slung over one shoulder. The house smelled like garlic and onions. 
“Avery?” He looked between us with obvious confusion. “What are you doing here-” 
“Where is my son?” I reached out, snatching a fistful of Gideon’s shirt without hesitating. 
Gideon stared at me. “What?” 
“Bjorn,” I hissed, not releasing his shirt. “You took him, didn’t you?” (1 
“Huh? No, I didn’t-” 
“Hand him over,” Sebastian snarled, taking a step forward. “Unless you want to have a real problem.” 
Gideon looked between the two of us. His hands were slightly spread out in surrender, and his face slowly paled, as if a realization suddenly hit him. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+25 Bonus 
212 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 392
Chapter 392 
“I don’t have Bjorn,” he said. “Wait, is he missing?” 
I nodded slowly. 
Gideon just stared at me with wide eyes. 
I stared back, searching for a lie in his face. 
I saw none. Just shock and horror. 
Slowly, I released his shirt, composing myself. My lip trembled, although I tried to quell it. “He’s been missing all day,” I whispered. “I’m… I’m worried.” 
Gideon was silent for a long moment. Then, his expression hardened. He grabbed the dishcloth off his shoulder and tossed it aside, then reached for his jacket. 
“I’ll help you find him,” he said. 2 
Fiona’s POV 
“See? Pretty cool, right?” I stuck my hands in my pockets, forcing myself to smile even though my heart pounded. The waterfall was rushing overhead, sending a cascade of cold water across the rocks. 
Bjorn leaned over the ravine edge, gasping as he watched the water disappear into the small lake below. 
“This is cool!” he exclaimed. “Oh! I think I see a deer!” 
I took a step back, still smiling. “You should try to get a closer look. The deer are really friendly around here-they’ll come right up to you.” 
The kid looked at me over his shoulder. “Really?” 
“Really. I’ll wait here; you go ahead.” 
Bjorn looked at me for a moment, and I feared he would see right through my ruse. But then, grinning, he turned and walked off 
into the woods. 
I let out a slow breath and counted in my head. 
One… Two… Three… 
I stayed there, waiting, until I reached the number twenty and Bjorn’s footsteps had been completely swallowed up by the sound 
of the waterfall. 
Then, Iran. J 
I ran and I didn’t stop running until I got back to the car. It wasn’t too far, just a couple of miles back to the road-a mere few minutes in wolf form. Reaching the edge of the road, I shifted back, pausing one last time to look at the darkening forest. 
Theard nothing. No child’s voice. No howls. Just the low hum of the wind whistling around the treetops. 
The sky had gotten much darker during our trek through the forest, turning from that bright, sunny blue to the pale green of an impending storm. The wind was whipping faster now, and the air smelled like damp earth and electricity. 
I stood there for a moment, biting my lip as I stared into the forest. 
Was I making a mistake in leaving that kid all on his own in weather like this? D 
Chapter 392 
+25 Bonus 
I never meant for him to get hurt. I just… wanted to scare Avery a little. Give her a good reason to leave the packs forever. 
Now, though, I was having second thoughts. In weather like this, he could slip and fall into the ravine. Or he could get all turned around, and by the time anyone found him, he might be in really bad shape. If he survived at all; these woods were wild and full of animals and steep dropoffs. A ten year old who had spent most of his life in the human lands wouldn’t have the survival skills to find his way home. 2 
But as I thought it, my father’s voice slipped into my mind. I imagined what he would say: that it was Avery’s fault for bringing her kid here to begin with, and that if she had just stayed away, this would never have happened. 
Besides, I had to do what needed to be done. My family was relying on this union with Nightwolf, and I couldn’t afford to mess up again. Father would be furious with me. (1 
So, I turned, climbing into the car, and pulled away from the side of the road. I reached over to the middle console and clicked on the radio, turning it to the weather forecast. 
“Looks like our sunny day has taken a turn for the worse, folks,” the weatherman’s voice crackled through. “We’ve got flooding, lightning, and high winds on the way. Seek shelter, and avoid travel until the storm passes.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 393
Chapter 393 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon’s jacket was already on by the time he finished making the suggestion. 
“You’re really going to help us?” Sebastian asked. 1 
“He’s a kid. I’m not just going to sit around on my ass while he’s potentially in danger.” Gideon grabbed his keys off the hook by the door and looked at us both. “Let’s go. 
There wasn’t much to argue with there. Sebastian and I exchanged a glance, and then we were following Gideon back out into the rain. 
We split up the initial search between the three of us; Sebastian covered the eastern edge of the Evergreen border, Gideon reached out to his own pack members to comb the stretch of road between Nightwolf and the fields, and I retraced the trail I had followed earlier with Sebastian. 
The rain wasn’t too heavy yet, but a quick look up at the rapidly darkening sky told me all I needed to know. If we didn’t find Bjorn soon, he was going to be caught in a serious downpour. I hoped he’d at least been smart enough to find shelter somewhere, but if he was truly lost, there might not be any. 
Along the side of the road, the paw prints I’d spotted before were already half-washed away. I crouched down in the ditch, squinting at the mud, and tried to piece together the direction he’d gone. 
Bjorn had always been an “explorer”, as my mother called him. I had lost him in crowded parks before, in grocery stores, once in an airport that still gave me anxiety just thinking about. But this was different than the human lands. At least there, there were crowds, police officers, public transportation that he knew how to use if he had to. 
Here, it was remote and quiet, and the terrain, if he had ventured far into the wilderness, was inhospitable. 
I stood, knees cracking, and looked out at the distant treeline beyond the fields. I swallowed hard. 
“Do you think he went into the forest?” a voice suddenly asked. 
I looked up to see Gideon approaching. Judging from the fact that he was alone, I assumed he hadn’t found Bjorn. 
I sighed. “I like to think he’s smart enough not to wander into a forest on his own, but now I’m not so sure.” 
“Looks like a storm,” Gideon said, looking up at the sky. “If he got lost and it started to rain, he might have sought shelter under the trees. Let’s go look.” 
I nodded and followed Gideon toward the forest. Sebastian caught up to us near the tree line, shaking rain out of his hair. He’d found nothing on the eastern edge, which at least ruled out the possibility that Bjorn had doubled back. 
“He went into the woods,” I said, looking at the dark gap between the trees. 
“Probably,” Sebastian agreed. “You know how he is.” 
I did. Goddess help me, I did. 
We had just started into the tree line when I heard a car pulling onto the gravel behind us. Headlights cut through the rain. I turned, squinting, 
Fiona stepped out. 
She was dressed like she was prepared for the search, but everything was still designer. Tall rainboots with an 
1/2 
Chapter 393 
+25 Bonus 
expensive logo on them. A pristine trench coat. Her dark hair was pulled back neatly and she’d clearly just put on a fresh coat of bright red lipstick. 
“Great,” I muttered under my breath as she raised one hand in a wave and hurried over to us. 
“I heard there was a search going on,” she said breathlessly, looking between the three of us. Her eyes landed on me. “I’m so sorry, Avery. I can’t imagine what it must be like to lose your own child. You must feel so guilty.”1 
I clenched my jaw and said nothing to that. 
“How did you hear?” Sebastian asked. 
Fiona shrugged. “Word travels fast.” She glanced toward the tree line. “I think I may have actually seen him earlier today, now that I think about it. Out near the fields. He was heading in this direction.” She gestured vaguely toward the woods. “I didn’t think anything of it at the time. I assumed he was out with your permission, but now I wish I had stopped.” 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 394
Chapter 394 
My eyes narrowed as she spoke. I studied Fiona, and as I looked at her sympathetic expression, something clicked in my mind. 
I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. There wasn’t enough evidence there beyond personal distrust for the woman, but my maternal senses were tingling. She knew something. 
For a moment, I almost said something about it. I wanted to confront her then and there, ask if she was involved in my son’s disappearance. But I held my tongue, because I really had no proof, and it might just make matters worse than they needed to be right now if I confronted her. 2 
I was going to keep an eye on her, though. That was for sure. 
The four of us moved deeper into the woods. Fiona kept pace easily, chattering away to Gideon. Whatever she said, I couldn’t hear it. Her voice was lost below the sound of the rain and the wind. 
I glanced at Gideon, though, and noticed the tension in his jaw and shoulders. He wasn’t really listening to her, either. His eyes were fixed on the forest floor, scanning the ground for tracks, and he didn’t even bother replying to whatever Fiona was saying with a nod or a shrug. 
The rain was coming down properly now, heavy and cold, drumming on the leaves overhead and running down the back of my neck. Lightning flickered somewhere far off in the distance, followed by a slow roll of thunder that shook the air. The beam of my flashlight caught the rain in little white streaks. 
“Bjorn!” I called out. My voice bounced off the trees and went unanswered. 
“Bjooorn!” 
Nothing. 
Gideon had moved ahead of the group, flashlight cutting wide arcs through the dark. He called Bjorn’s name every few minutes, cupping his hands around his mouth to make it carry further. He checked the ground as he walked, crouching every so often to look at something in the underbrush. 
I couldn’t help it. Watching him like this made a tenderness form in my chest that I didn’t want to be there. But now it was there, and I couldn’t seem to make it go away. 1 
He didn’t know. He had no idea that the kid we were looking for was his, or so it seemed. And yet he’d put on his jacket and grabbed his keys without a moment’s hesitation, and now he was out here in the rain, checking the ground for footprints and calling Bjorn’s name like a prayer. 1 
I focused on putting one foot in front of the other because it was easier than thinking about how his actions were making some of the ice thaw around my heart. 
The terrain was getting rougher the deeper we went, so I had to focus, anyway. Roots cut across the path constantly, and the ground was uneven and sometimes even slick where the rain had pooled in the low spots. 
I shuddered to think about Bjorn going out this far. I really hoped he hadn’t. 
“There’s a creek bed about a quarter mile north,” Gideon said, falling back to where I was. “If he was following the sound of water, he might have-” 
I didn’t hear the rest of it, because suddenly, I felt something that felt an awful lot like an elbow slam into my back as Fiona passed behind me. 2 
Suddenly, I pitched forward, and my foot caught on an exposed root. Gasping, I threw my hand out to catch 
1/2 
Chapter 204 
+25 Bonus 
myself. I didn’t manage to do that. Instead, my ankle twisted severely as my toes caught on the root, and then the pain hit me at the same time as the ground did. 
“Fuck!” I shouted, immediately sitting up and grabbing my ankle. “Fuck, I twisted my ankle!” 
Gideon was beside me instantly, crouching down. “Let me see.” He reached for me, and I flinched away, but relaxed at a single look from him. 
Biting my lip, I let him take my ankle. I winced as fresh pain shot up through my leg. He gently pulled my sock down to inspect it, and we both cursed at the same time. 
My ankle was already starting to swell. 7 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Chapters 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 395
Chapter 395 
Avery’s POV 
My ankle was rapidly starting to swell and darken in spots. It was definitely twisted at the very least, and perhaps even fractured slightly. I definitely wasn’t going to be able to put very much weight on it. 
But I wasn’t about to give up searching for my son over a sprained ankle. I’d been through far worse than this for far less. 
Gritting my teeth, I grabbed the thin trunk of a nearby young tree for support and hauled myself up. 
“Avery-” Gideon reached for my elbow, but I swatted him away. 2 
“I’m fine,” I said. “Perfectly fine.” 
Gideon and Sebastian exchanged a look that said neither of them believed me, although I pretended not to notice it. Fiona was standing a little ways away, watching the whole exchange with wide eyes. I thought about her elbow digging into my spine and wondered if she had done that on purpose, but right now wasn’t the time to bring that 
1 
Taking a deep breath, I tested my ankle. Unfortunately, the moment I put weight on my foot, the pain shot straight up through my leg. I had to clench my teeth so tightly I thought they might crack just to keep myself from crying out. 
“See?” I choked out. “I’m fine!” 
Gideon planted his hands on his hips and shot me a look. 
“I can walk it off,” I said, a little weaker now. 
“You can’t,” Sebastian said flatly. 
I ignored them both and took one step forward, keeping my hand on the tree. Then another. The third one made my vision swim and I stopped, breathing through my nose, waiting for it to pass. 
It didn’t pass. 1 
Sebastian walked over to me and placed his hand on my shoulder. “Avery, I think you ought to go home,” he murmured. 
I snapped my gaze up to him. “Bjorn is out here somewhere. I’m not going home when he needs me.” 
Sebastian’s expression softened. “How can you help him when you can’t even walk?” he asked. His voice was gentle, but there was an underlying edge to it that spoke volumes. He wasn’t going to take no for an answer. 
I looked at Gideon then, and his expression said the same thing. 
Fiona chose that moment to pipe up. Her tone was warm, but her words were clearly designed to make me feel like shit. She seemed to be really good at that covering up venom with sugar. 
“Avery, honestly, it might be best if you headed home,” she said, checking her nails then looking back at me with a smile. “This terrain isn’t exactly suited to someone who has spent the last decade in the city. The forest gets rougher the further north you go, and with that ankle, you’ll be at even more of a disadvantage than you already 
were.” 
“I’m sorry,” I said, turning slowly to look at her, “you think I was already at a disadvantage?” 
Chapter 0 
+25 Bonus 
Her smile wavered slightly, but it didn’t disappear. “Well, yes! I mean, you’ve lived in the human city for so long, so you probably don’t even remember how to walk along a trail.” 
“I grew up in the packs,” I said curtly. “I lived here for years before I ever set foot in a human city.” I narrowed my eyes at her. “And Fiona, I’ve navigated terrain a lot worse than this before you were even out of diapers.” 
On my own, pregnant, and terrified, I wanted to add, but I kept that part to myself. 
Fiona’s mouth snapped shut at that. She was smart enough, at least, to know when to shut the hell up. I had to give her credit for that. 
Sebastian cleared his throat. “Avery, I’m going to have to insist that you go home.” 
“But-” 
“Please, Avery.” Gideon stepped forward. “We can handle it. We’ll find him.” 
I looked up at Gideon. His expression brooked no argument. His jaw was set hard with determination, and I knew that look in his eyes all too well. I had seen it many times before, ten years ago, back when he still thought that another woman was his mate. 
I’d seen it during those nights when he insisted on finding her, neither of us realizing that it was me, and that I was right there beside him all along 
Ten years, and that look was still the same. Only now it was in reference to our son. 
A pang shot through me at that, but not a painful one. It was surprisingly warm and tender, and strangely comforting. 
For so long, I had been the only one to care about my son to such a degree. Aside from my mother, of course. But I’d never dreamed that Bjorn could have a father figure in his life who genuinely cared like this, and for a moment, I almost felt guilty for keeping them from each other for so long. 2 
But I quickly squashed that feeling before it could wrap around me. There were still many reasons why I had to keep Bjorn and Gideon separate, and one single day couldn’t just change that forever. 
Still, they were both right. I wasn’t going to walk on this ankle. If anything, I was just holding the search back. 
I sighed. “Fine,” I said, staring at the ground. “I’ll head back.” 
Sebastian squeezed my shoulder. “Try not to worry yourself sick, Avery. He’s probably just holed up somewhere to wait out the storm. He’s a smart kid. He wouldn’t get hurt so easily.” 
I really hoped he was right. Deep down, I supposed I knew he was. But right now, with tensions so high and the pain in my ankle worsening by the moment, I wasn’t exactly thinking clearly. 
“Fiona.” Gideon turned to her. “Can you take Avery back to Evergreen?” 
My jaw clenched. “I’ll go back on my own.” 
“On that ankle?” Gideon lifted a brow. 
I huffed and looked away. 
“It’s really no problem,” Fiona sald, smiling. “I’ll drive you back.” She already had her keys in hand. “Come on. You can use me for support.” She offered me her slender, designer-clad arm to lean on. 
I looked at her arm, then at Sebastian. He shrugged and said nothing. I looked at Gideon, but he was already 
213 
Choptan s 
scanning the forest floor again, searching for signs of Bjorn. 
It seemed I had no choice but to accept Fiona’s help. And her arm. 
+25 Bonus 
Sighing softly, I placed my hand on her arm and let her lead me back the way we had come. 
“Fucking great,” I muttered to myself. Of course Fiona, the woman who apparently thought I was too old and useless and “human” to handle myself, would also be the one who I had to lean on for support. 
Fiona glanced at me. “Did you say something?” 
“No,” I lied. She nodded and we continued down the path. 
At the bend, I paused briefly, looking back just once. Sebastian and Gideon were already moving down the path, their flashlight beams bobbing through the darkness. 
I really hoped they found Bjorn. Strangely, I got the sense that Gideon would be the first to do it. 
Fiona tugged on my arm, smiling that sweet, empty smile of hers. “You alright?” she asked. 1 
I let go of her arm and quietly resolved to hobble along on my own without her help. 
“I’m fine,” I said, biting back the pain as I continued forward. “Let’s go.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
3/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 396
Chapter 396 
Gideon’s POV 
The rain was coming down hard enough now that I could barely see ten feet ahead of me without the flashlight. 
Sebastian was keeping pace just beside me without saying anything. We moved north, toward the creek bed I’d mentioned to Avery. I kept my flashlight low and my eyes on the ground. 
There were no signs of Bjorn. 
“How long have you known her?” I suddenly asked. I cringed a little the moment the words came out of my mouth, but I needed more information on their so-called “relationship”, and now was as good a time as any. It wasn’t often that I got to be alone with Sebastian, so I wanted to take advantage of the opportunity. 
Sebastian glanced at me. “What?” 
“Avery,” I said. “How long have you known her?” 
“Long enough.” 
I waited to see if he would say more, but he didn’t. 
“Where did you meet?” 
Sebastian kept walking. “The human city. We ran into each other and the rest was history.” 
“Surely you must have some kind of a cute story about how you met, or your first date.” 
“Listen,” Sebastian said, “I appreciate the effort to make small talk, but I’m trying to find my son.” 1 
My son, he had said. 
I still didn’t think Bjorn was his, and that this whole thing was a shitty facade for the truth: that Bjorn was mine, and Avery was lying for some reason, and that she was being too stubborn to just hear me out. (3 
But he was right; now wasn’t the time. Regardless of whose son Bjorn might be, he was in danger, and we needed to find him before this storm completely washed out all the trails. 
We pushed further north without speaking. The creek bed came into view eventually, swollen from the rain and running fast and brown through the darkness. I checked both banks and found nothing. Sebastian scanned the area, then shined his flashlight up toward a ridge above us. 
“He could have gone uphill,” Sebastian said. “Maybe to avoid the water.” 
I nodded. “That would be the smart thing to do.” 
The ridge took about fifteen minutes to climb properly without breaking an ankle. I went first, slipping on the muddy switchbacks, and Sebastian followed. The wind was worse up here, whipping through without 
1/3 
Спартет 300 
+25 Bonus 
any of the trees to slow it down. The rain grew cold and almost painful against the skin as it pelted sideways against us. 
We reached the top, and I sniffed the air. 
Something… was up here. 
A scent. 
I inhaled again. My wolf suddenly perked up as the familiar scent washed over us. I glanced at Sebastian, but he didn’t seem to notice it. 2 
I knew that scent. My wolf recognized it immediately. It was familiar and tantalizing, like the idea of coming home after a long journey. The only other person in the world that I’d felt that way with was Avery, although this was slightly different. It felt familiar, but not in the way a mate’s scent would be. 
Rather like… a family member. 1 
Bjorn. 
“This way,” I said. 
“What did you find?” Sebastian asked, coming up beside me. 
“Just follow me.” 
I followed the scent west along the ridge. The terrain flattened out somewhat and then dropped again into a shallow ravine. The flashlight beam caught the mist first, and then the rocks, and then the ledge above the waterfall where the cliff face jutted out over the drop. 
And there, right at the edge of that ledge, huddled against the rock face, was a small grey wolf pup. 
“There,” I said, grabbing Sebastian’s arm. 
Sebastian exhaled sharply. “Thank the Goddess.” 
The pup had pressed himself as far back against the rock as he could get, ears flat, shaking. He was soaked through. He’d clearly been up there for a while. 
“Bjorn,” Sebastian called out, taking a step forward. “Hey, buddy. It’s okay, we found you.” 
The pup’s head snapped up and he scrambled to his feet. For one horrible second I thought he was going to bolt straight toward the edge, and apparently Sebastian thought the same thing because he lunged forward. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 397
Chapter 397 
+25 Bonus 
That was the wrong move. The pup, as if not recognizing Sebastian at all, spun and scrambled sideways along the ledge, paws slipping on the wet rock. 
I reached out and grabbed Sebastian’s shoulder. “Stop!” 
Sebastian froze and looked at me. “What should we do? He’s panicking, he doesn’t recognize me-” 
“I’ve got this.” I handed him my flashlight. 
“What?” 
“Trust me.” 
I shifted in an instant. My wolf’s fur bristled in the wind and rain, senses sharpening. That familiar scent grew stronger, nearly overpowering all other smells. It was so intense that it nearly made my head spin. 1 
I took a step forward. 
The pup’s ears came up slightly. 
I stopped. Waited for him to relax a little. Then I took another step, and another. We went like that for a while, moving closer, then pausing until he calmed down, then closer and closer until we were a foot 
away. 
I decided to let Bjorn make the decision to move closer at that point. 
He watched me for a long time, clearly wary, and yet there was something else there-something that he didn’t seem to feel with Sebastian. Only me. I saw the same recognition in his eyes that I felt. I saw his nostrils flare as if he were sniffing the air around me. 1 
He picked up the scent, too. My scent. And he recognized it when he hadn’t recognized the scent of the man who was supposedly his real father. 
I remained still, waiting for that trust to kick in. 
After a long moment, the pup stepped forward. Then again. He stretched his nose out and sniffed. His body trembled, then relaxed. 
The pup came the rest of the way and pressed himself against my side, burrowing his face into my fur. 
I curved around him, warming him with my body. 
He was so small that it broke my heart. At first, I felt him trembling frantically against me, frozen through to the bone. I curled closer, breathing hot air from my wolf’s nostrils onto him. He tilted his face up and shut his eyes. Finally, the shaking began to subside, and I felt his breathing slow down. 
I didn’t move until he shifted back. 
In the pup’s place was a shivering, exhausted ten-year-old boy in soaked clothes, eyes half-closed, 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
slumped against my wolf’s side. I shifted back alongside him and he stumbled a little. I caught him, gathering him against my chest. 
“I’ve got you,” I murmured. “It’s okay. I’ve got you.” 
Bjorn whimpered quietly, burying his face in my jacket. The exhaustion must have been too much to bear, because he was already falling asleep by the time I stood, still holding him tightly. 1 
When I stood, I spotted Sebastian standing nearby, still holding both flashlights so that the two beams cast a bright white light on us. I couldn’t see his face through the light, but when I approached, he came 
into view. 
His face was pale, and there was a look in his eyes that spoke volumes. 
We both knew what had happened just now. 
In wolf form, terrified and exhausted, Bjorn hadn’t recognized him-the man who was allegedly his own. 
father. 
But Bjorn had recognized me. 
Sebastian and I looked at each other, neither of us speaking, for a long time. I could tell that he was thinking the same thing I was. And that he was guilty as hell. 2 
I decided not to press the matter for now. Not with a sick, sleeping child and a storm that could prevent us from getting that child home if we didn’t hurry. 
So I turned, holding Bjorn tight, and hurried down the path. Sebastian followed without saying a word. 1 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 398
Chapter 398 
Avery’s POV 
By the time we made it to Fiona’s car, my ankle was practically numb from the pain. That was good for my brain, because it gave me the strength to keep moving without having to lean on her, but it was definitely bad for my ankle. 
“Here you go.” Fiona unlocked her car and opened the passenger side door for me, still smiling that plastic smile that never failed to look like a mask covering up something ugly underneath. “Do you need help getting in?” 
“I’m good. Thanks.” 
Maybe I was being stubborn. But I didn’t care. Fiona already made it very clear how she felt about me, she thought I was too old and not suited to being in this world. She thought she could replace me. 
I wasn’t going to give her the satisfaction of believing that any of those things might be true. Because they weren’t. 
I climbed into the car, wincing with the movement. Fiona shut the door and rushed around to the driver’s side with her hood pulled up against the rain. The windshield was covered in little rivers that gushed down, and my breath was already fogging up the inside. 
Fiona jumped into the driver’s side seat and rubbed her hands together while the car warmed up. A few moments later, she pulled away from the side of the road and began heading in the direction of Evergreen pack. 
“So,” she said, glancing at me as she guided the car along the winding roads, “you seem confident that Bjorn knows his way around the wilderness.” 
My jaw tightened. “He’s a smart boy. He’s run off before and been fine.” 
Fiona lifted a brow, and I instantly regretted saying anything. “So this is a pattern for him?” she asked. 
I looked out the window. “Just once or twice.” 
“Interesting. But I suppose the pack lands are far different from the human city. It’s much easier to get home when you’re lost there than it is here.” 
“He’ll manage,” I said, although we both knew that there was no certainty in that. 
Fiona hummed as the familiar gates of Evergreen began to come into view in the distance. I could see the lights from here, and I was glad not to be stuck with her for long. 
“Well,” she said, “I’m sure he will. But I think it’s also important to hedge your expectations; a young wolf living a sheltered life in the city won’t have the same natural instincts as a normal werewolf kid.” 
I shot her a look. “Bjorn is normal.” 
1/2 
Chapter 45 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh, of course. I just meant…” She shrugged, then smiled. “Well, maybe he doesn’t have the best instincts when it comes to strangers.” 
I turned to face her fully. “What the fuck does that mean?” I blurted out. 
“Nothing, it’s just-” 
“Did you lure my son into the forest?” 
Fiona didn’t answer that. Her smile remained in place, but I could see a tightening around her mouth, as if she knew she had said too much. 
“Stop the car,” I said. 
“Wait, we’re almost there-” 
“Stop. The. Car.” 
Fiona glanced at me, but obeyed and pulled over to the side of the road. It was probably only twenty yards to the gates, but I didn’t care. I didn’t want to be around this woman for another second. 
Grabbing the door handle, I turned to her, hissing, “Stay the fuck away from my son, bitch. Or I’ll show you exactly how we deal with people like you in the human lands.” 
Fiona opened her mouth, but I didn’t give her a chance to speak. Ignoring the pain in my ankle, I hopped out of the car and slammed the door hard enough to shake the entire frame. Then, I turned and began limping up to the gates. 
Fiona didn’t follow, but she didn’t pull away, either. Her headlights illuminated my path. I didn’t look back. 
I wasn’t sure how long I had been waiting by the window, looking for Sebastian and Gideon. There was a grandfather clock right there in the hallway, but I never looked at it out of fear that I would discover it had been hours, and they’d still found nothing. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
2/2 
Chrapt 300 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 399
Chapter 399 
I tried to occupy myself with a book on gardening that I found on the shelf, but the words all blurred together. I spent more time looking out the window than actually reading. 
Eventually, though, I saw Sebastian’s car pull into the driveway. I jumped to my feet, ignoring the way my ankle protested, and hobbled over to the door. I flung it open just as Sebastian came hurrying up the steps with a bundle in his arms. 1 
“Oh, thank Gods,” I said, throwing my arms around Bjorn. He was awake but just barely, soaking wet and shivering. 
But he was alive. 
“Gideon found him,” Sebastian breathed as I took Bjorn into my arms, checking him for injury. Thankfully, I found none. He was cold and exhausted and his clothes were plastered to his skin from the rain, but Bjorn was uninjured. 
I think I muttered a thank-you to Sebastian, but I was too consumed with my son at the moment to think about anything else. Sebastian called after me as I carried Bjorn toward the stairs, saying something about my ankle, but I didn’t stop. 
Upstairs, I ran Bjorn a hot bath. He stood by the tub, still trembling, his eyes half-closed. 
“Take off those wet clothes,” I said as I tested the water temperature with my hand. 
Bjorn flushed. “But Mom-” 
“Trust me,” I said, “I’ve seen it all. I used to change your diapers. Get undressed.” 
Bjorn groaned as he began peeling off his clothes. I turned my attention back to the water, smiling faintly to myself. At least he still had his usual attitude, which was a good sign. 
Once Bjorn was undressed, I helped him into the bath. He let out an audible sigh as the heat sank into his bones. I helped him shampoo his hair, just the way he used to like it when he was younger. He still seemed to find comfort in the way I rubbed my fingers against his scalp, carefully massaging the soap into each dark strand. 
“So,” I said after a few minutes of quiet, once I was certain that he was out of the danger zone. “Care to tell me what happened today?” 
“You said I couldn’t explore outside the pack. I was just playing in the ditch in those fields.” 
I already figured that part out, of course. “And then what?” I asked. “Did you follow anyone into the forest?” 
At that, Bjorn furrowed his brow, thinking deeply. He sank down until the water hit his chin, then shook his head. “I don’t remember.” 
“Bjorn…” 
1/2 
TUE 
+25 Bonus 
“I really don’t,” he said, looking up at me with honesty. “I think my wolf took over because I got scared. Everything’s a blur.” (1) 
I watched his face, searching for some kind of hint that he was lying, that maybe Fiona had threatened him and that was why he wasn’t saying more. But I could tell that he was being truthful. Bjorn had certain tells when he was lying-for one, his ears always got red. There was none of that now. 
“All I remember is playing in the ditch, and then waking up in Mr. Gideon’s arms,” Bjorn added. “I think he saved me.” 
Gideon saved him. Sebastian had said the same thing. My heart ached at the thought that Gideon’s had been the first face Bjorn saw upon waking, although I tried not to dwell on it for now. 
I sighed, rinsing the shampoo off my hands. I still had a sinking suspicion that Fiona had been involved, but right now, I had no proof other than my own hunch. 
“Well,” I said, “if you remember anything, you’ll tell me right away, okay? I promise you’re not in trouble.” I smirked at him. “Not yet, anyway.” 
Bjorn nodded, then looked up at me as I stood to give him some privacy. 
“Mom?” he called out just as I reached the door. 
I paused and looked back at him. “Yes?” 
“Can I ask you something?” 
“Ask away,” I said. 
Bjorn took a deep breath and asked, “Is Gideon my dad?” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 400
Chapter 400 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 400 
Avery’s POV 
I supposed I should have expected that question by now. 
I just didn’t think it would come at this exact moment. 
For a moment, I almost considered coming up with another pretty lie; that Gideon was not Bjorn’s father. That Bjorn’s father was an astronaut, or a king, or something fantastical that was too far away to reach. The kind of thing I might have told him when he was too little for it to really make much of a difference. 1 
But as Bjorn looked at me with that face that had always been beyond his years, those knowing eyes that looked too much like Gideon’s for comfort, I just… 
I knew I couldn’t lie. Not now. Not to him. 2 
It wouldn’t be right if I did. 
I took a breath and turned to face him fully. “Do you want the truth?” I asked. “Or do you want the easy 
answer?” 
“The truth,” Bjorn said immediately. “Always the truth.” 
“Even if it hurts?” 
He nodded. 
I exhaled, scratching my head, then moved back over to the tub. There was a small footstool there, which 
I pulled out to sit on. I hesitated for a moment, wondering where to begin. 
Finally, I decided to just go for it. 
“Yes,” I said. “Gideon is your father.” 
Bjorn’s whole face lit up like the sun. “I knew it!” He threw his hands out of the water so fast that it splashed me. “I knew he was my dad! I felt it from the very first moment I saw him!” 
I didn’t respond to that. Just dried my face with the back of my hand and waited. 
Once Bjorn’s excitement wore off a little, he gave me a wary look. “So… What now?” he asked. “Are we gonna move in with him? He can teach me how to be an Alpha. I want to see his pack, too.” 
I sighed and looked at my lap. “Bjorn, I’m… not sure if that’s the best idea.” 
“Why not?” He tilted his head. 
“Because… Because your dad and I have a very complicated past. I’m not sure if we can love each other now, or if we ever could before. Besides, he’s in a relationship with Fiona.” 1 
“But he said he doesn’t love her,” Bjorn said. 
1/4 
Chan 60 
+25 Bonus 
“People say things like that sometimes. Especially in the packs, where social status and political connections are the most important thing, sometimes people marry people they don’t love.” 
“Well.. If you don’t love him, then why would that stop you from marrying him in that case?” Bjorn asked. 
“Because I’m not like that,” I said. “I never have been, and I take great pride in that. Even when Gideon and I were together, before you were born, I wasn’t happy because he wouldn’t say he loved me.”5 
“He says it now,” Bjorn pointed out. 
“Yeah. He does. That doesn’t mean it’s true.” 6 
Bjorn thought about that for a moment with his brow furrowed. I could tell he didn’t fully understand. I didn’t either. 1 
Finally, he looked up at me again. “Well,” he said, “I do want a dad. A real one. But if you don’t want him, then I won’t be mad at you. I’ll always stay with you, Mom.” 1 
I blinked. That took me by surprise. After everything, I’d almost expected Bjorn to want to go with his father if it came to that-like many kids of broken families did, I thought he might choose the “fun”, exciting parent over the one who had spent years disciplining. 
You really mean that?” I asked. 
Bjorn nodded. “Yeah. I mean, you’re my mom. I know we fight sometimes, but I know you way better than Gideon, and I love you. I can’t picture myself without you.’ 
My eyes filled instantly. “Bjorn, that’s… That’s very mature of you.” 
He smiled. “I know.” He looked at me. “But… can I ask something?” 
“Go for it, kiddo.” 
“Can I still spend time with my dad? I want to get to know him. I feel this connection to him, and it kinda hurts when we’re apart. I’d like to get a chance to hang out with him more, if that’s alright.” 2 
I knew he would ask that. It still hurt a little. But then I thought about Gideon finding him in this storm. and I found I couldn’t just say no outright. 
“I’ll think about it,” I said. 1 
“Ughhh.” Bjorn groaned. “That just means no!” 
“Not this time,” I assured him, standing. “I just need to consider it.” 
“Okay.” 
I was about to leave again when I stopped by the doorway and glanced at him. 
“Oh, and Bjorn?” 
“Hmm?” 
2/4 
+25 Bonus 
“Please stay away from Flona. Even if you spend more time with Gideon, I don’t want you going near her.” 
“Sure. Whatever.” 
With that, I left and limped back downstairs. Sebastian had apparently showered and changed, and was now sitting by the fireplace in the living room, shivering with a cup in his hands. He looked up when I entered. 
“Hot toddy?” he asked, holding up his cup. 
I laughed faintly. “Sure.” 
Sebastian went and prepared me a cup, and I sat in the other chair by the fire, propping my injured ankle up on a stool. When he returned, I thanked him and sipped the drink. He sat beside me, shuddering, and sipped his own in silence for a few moments. 
“So,” I said. “What really happened out there?” 
Sebastian told me everything. How he and Gideon had walked for what felt like miles and found nothing. How they’d climbed the ridge, and all of a sudden, Gideon had led them straight to Bjorn. 
How Bjorn panicked when Sebastian tried to get close, but calmed down at Gideon’s approach. 
“I think he knows,” Sebastian said, glancing at me. “About us. And about him.” 
My jaw clenched of its own accord. “I figured. I told Bjorn the truth. He wants to spend more time with 
him.” 
“And?” Sebastian asked. “Will you let him?” 
“I really don’t know.” 
Sebastian paused for a while before he said, “You know, Gideon really does seem to care for him quite intensely. That look on his face when he picked him up… It seemed genuine. And he soothed Bjorn when no one else could. Their bond is undeniable.” 3 
I looked into the fire. Sebastian was right, as much as it hurt to admit it. Gideon and Bjorn already shared something that most fathers and sons didn’t have. Their bond was undeniably strong and had been that 
way from the first moment they had met. 
I knew I couldn’t keep them away from each other forever. 
“Maybe I will let them spend more time together,” I said. “For Bjorn’s sake, at least.” 1 
“I’ll support you either way,” Sebastian added. “You know that.” 
“Yeah, I do.” I took a sip of my drink. “But there’s something else. Fiona… I think she might have been involved in Bjorn’s disappearance in some way. I don’t have tangible proof of it, but I just don’t trust her. And I don’t want her near my son.” 
“If you’re sure,” Sebastian said. 
3/4 
+25 Bonus 
“Pretty sure.” 
My friend nodded. “Well, then we’ll keep an eye on her. No harm will come to Bjorn.” He looked at me sideways. “Somehow, I think Gideon will make sure of that.” 1 
I wanted to believe him. I really did. 
But right now, I wasn’t sure what to think about anything. 5 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
4/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 401
Chapter 401 
Avery’s POV 
Three days passed before my ankle felt anything close to normal again. 1 
I spent most of those days on the couch with it propped up on a pillow, which drove me absolutely insane. I wasn’t good at sitting still on the best of days, and being forced to do it while Bjorn ran circles around the house and Sebastian brought me cups of tea I didn’t ask for like he was my personal servant was a special kind of torture. I felt like I didn’t deserve this kind of treatment, and that I should be working, not getting coddled over a rolled ankle. 
I did manage to check in remotely with Aldric about the testing progress. He told me that the child’s progress was slow, but promising. That news came as a relief and gave me something to think about. 
But for the most part, the days were slow and frustrating, and by the third morning I was already putting weight on the ankle despite Sebastian repeatedly telling me not to. 1 
“It’s fine,” I told him, at breakfast, when he caught me walking to the coffee maker without my crutch. 
“It’s been three days.” 
“Exactly. Three whole days.” I poured my coffee and turned around. “I’m not made of glass.” (1 
Sebastian opened his mouth, then seemed to decide it wasn’t worth it, and went back to eating his eggs. 
Bjorn, for his part, had bounced back almost immediately. By the morning after the storm he was already asking if he could go outside, and by the afternoon he was back to running around the yard with the other pack kids, new sneakers and all. 
He hadn’t brought up Gideon again since the bath. I hadn’t either. I still felt uncertain about the decision I’d made to let them see each other more often. Especially because Gideon’s presence usually meant Fiona’s as well, and I didn’t want that girl anywhere near my son. 
It was on the fourth morning, when I was finally sitting at the kitchen table with actual work spread out in front of me, that Sebastian came in and sat down across from me with an almost sheepish look on his 
face. 
I glanced up from my notes and quirked a brow at him. “What?” 
“There’s a full moon banquet next week,” he said. “Hosted here at Evergreen this year.” 
“Okay…?” 
“I’d like you to attend. By my side.” He paused. “As my Luna.” 3 
I looked up then. Sebastian smiled at me. 
“The contract,” I said, having nearly forgotten about the whole arrangement. 
He shrugged one shoulder. “It would be good for appearances. The pack expects to see me with a 
1/4 
Chapte 401 
+25 Bonus 
potential mate at these kinds of things.” 
He had a point. The contract between us had outlined this kind of thing from the start, and I had agreed to attend the occasional public event. A full moon banquet was about as public as it got. As much as I wanted to skip it, because these sorts of events rarely ended well in my experience, I knew it wouldn’t be fair to Sebastian if I declined. 
“Fine,” I said. “I’ll go.” 
“Good.” Sebastian nodded, then added, “Oh, and I would also like to have a gown made for you.” 
I set my pen down. “What?” 
“There’s a stylist I use for pack events. She’s very good. You’ll like her.” 
“That’s very nice of you, but Sebastian, I have perfectly nice dresses. I don’t need-” 
“I know you don’t need it,” he said. “I’d like to do it. Consider it a thank-you, if that makes it easier.” 
“A thank-you for what?” 
He rubbed the back of his neck. “Just…. Please let me do something nice?” he asked. 
I sighed, wanting to decline. It felt too generous, especially since he had already done so much for me 
and Bjorn. But whenever Sebastian looked at me like that, I just couldn’t turn him down. 1 
“Alright,” I sighed. “I’ll do it.” 
Sebastian grinned and stood. “Perfect. She’ll be here at six o’clock sharp tomorrow.” 
“Six?!” I protested. “Sebastian, that’s way too early!” 
My friend pretended not to hear me as he hurried out of the room. 
Indeed, the stylist arrived at the crack of dawn the next morning. She was a short, sharp little woman with an equally short and sharp bob hairstyle, and came alone, dragging a suitcase behind her that was bigger than she was. 2 
Colt let her in, twirling his finger next to his ear over the stylist’s shoulder. 
“I saw that, boy,” she said, hurrying over to the coffee table. She didn’t ask me for my name or greet me 
at all. It was kind of refreshing. 
“Arms out,” she said by way of greeting. She was holding a measuring tape. 
I put my arms out. “How long does this usually take?” 
“Depends on how decisive you are.” She made a note on her pad. “Some women take three hours just to pick a color.” 
“I won’t be one of those women.” 
2/4 
Chapter 401 
+25 Bonus 
“Good.” She pulled out her swatch book and held two fabrics up side by side in front of me. “Deep green or midnight blue?” 
I looked at them both. “Blue,” I said firmly. It was really pretty, like the night sky. 
“Good choice.” She quite literally chucked the green over her shoulder. I suppressed a laugh when it hit Colt in the face. “Now,” she said, “for the silhouette. I’m thinking something fitted through the bodice, with a skirt that has some movement. You have a good figure. There’s no point in hiding it.” 
“Sure, that works.” 
She nodded, already moving on, draping a length of deep blue fabric over my shoulder and stepping back to look at me critically. It was a rich color, almost navy but with more depth to it, and the fabric itself had a slight sheen that caught the light when I moved. She clicked her tongue and moved it around until she found a shape she liked. 
“This one,” the stylist said, clearly more to herself than to me. “Yes. Definitely this one.” 
I looked down at it. The fabric alone was nicer than anything I had bought for myself in a long time, and I could already tell, even just draped loosely over my shoulder, that it was going to look stunning when it 
was finished. 
“How long will it take to make?” I asked. 
“For the banquet? I’ll have it done in five days.” She waved her hand and began pinning the fabric at my shoulder. Surprisingly, she didn’t poke me with any of the pins despite how fast she was moving. 
We had just moved onto the options for the skirt shape-mermaid or ballgown, structured or flowy- when I heard the front door open, followed by the sound of approaching footsteps. 
I assumed it was Sebastian, coming to check on the progress, but the footsteps were heavier and slower 
than his. 
A moment later, the living room door opened. 
Gideon walked in, mid-sentence, saying something back over his shoulder to whoever was behind him. Then he turned, and his eyes landed on me, standing on the platform with midnight blue fabric draped across my body and pins along my shoulder. 1 
He froze and stared. 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 402
Chapter 402 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon stared at me so long I was certain he might burn a hole through the midnight blue fabric with just his eyes. 
“Are you going to stand there with the door open?” the stylist asked around a mouthful of pins. 
Gideon snapped out of it and stepped inside, letting the door fall shut behind him. “Sorry,” he said, clearing his throat. “I didn’t realize you had company.” 
“Clearly.” I looked down at the fabric draped over me. “Sebastian’s having a gown made for me. For the banquet.” 
Gideon’s face tightened at the mention of Sebastian. 
“Right,” he said. “That’s a very… husbandlike thing to do.” 
The stylist glanced up at me. I just shook my head at her. 
“Was there something you needed?” I asked Gideon. 
“I came to speak with Sebastian about pack business.” 
“He’s in his office. Down the hall, second door on the left.” 
“I know where it is.” He didn’t move immediately, though. He just stood there for a moment with his hands in his pockets, looking anywhere in the room that wasn’t me. Then, as if he’d just remembered something, he looked back. “How’s the ankle?” 
“Fine. Better.” 1 
He nodded again. I watched him for a moment and figured that if I was going to do this, I might as well do it now, while we were already in the same room and I couldn’t talk myself out of it. 
“Gideon,” I said. 
He looked at me. 
“Thank you for what you did the other night. Finding Bjorn, bringing him back. I haven’t had a chance to see you since then, but I hope you know that I really appreciate you going out of your way to help him.” 
Gideon was quiet for a moment before he muttered, “You don’t have to thank me for choosing to save a kid.” 
“I know I don’t have to,” I said, “but I want to.” I paused. “And I owe you an apology, too. For the gifts you brought last week. I shouldn’t have tried to donate them. Bjorn loves them.” 
“You gave them to him?” His face lit up a little. 1 
1/3 
Chapter 402 
+25 Bonus 
I nodded. “He has barely taken the sneakers off. Although I suspect they got ruined in the storm.” 
“Come to think of it,” Gideon mused, smiling somewhat, “I do recall thinking that those shoes were 
familiar. But they were covered in mud.” 
“Yeah,” I said, laughing a little myself. “Sorry about that.” 
He waved his hand. “Shoes can be replaced. Kids… Not so much.” 
I looked away, cheeks reddening unexpectedly. When I looked back at Gideon, he was still watching me with that soft expression, which did nothing to cool that heat in my face. 
The stylist, apparently satisfied with her work, took a step back. “Take a breath and tell me how the 
bodice feels,” she said. 
I breathed in and out. “Good. I can move in it. I’m sure dancing will be easy.” I smiled, but it fell when I noticed that Gideon’s face had hardened again, likely imagining me dancing with Sebastian instead of 
him. 
“Perfect.” The stylist continued making adjustments. 
The door opened again, and this time it was Bjorn, who came skidding in wearing a baseball cap and carrying a ball in one hand. He stopped dead when he saw Gideon, and then his whole face split into a grin. 1 
“Gideon!” he said. “What are you doing here?” 
“Pack business.” Gideon nodded at the ball. “What are you doing?” 
“I was gonna see if anyone wanted to play catch, but Colt said no because he’s busy, and everyone else said no because they’re boring.” Bjorn tossed the ball up and caught it. “You wanna play?” 
Gideon looked at me. I hesitated, uncertain, but then I recalled the conversation I’d had with Sebastian and I just couldn’t bring myself to say no. 
“Sure,” I said. “Go ahead. I’ll meet you guys out there in a bit.” 
Bjorn pumped his fist. “Yes!” He turned and ran out of the room, leaving me standing there with the stylist, Colt, and Gideon. Gideon’s lips twitched like he wanted to smile. He nodded once then left. Colt 
followed him. 
It took another twenty minutes or so to wrap up with the stylist, who finally declared herself satisfied with the measurements and the fabric and the silhouette decisions, and promised the gown would be ready two days before the banquet. 
I wasn’t entirely sure why I went outside after that. I told myself it was just for some fresh air, that I’d been cooped up inside for days and the afternoon was finally nice enough to justify it. Both of those things were true. 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 403
Chapter 403 
+25 Bonus 
It was also true that I could hear Bjorn laughing from the backyard and wanted to see it. 
I stepped out onto the back porch and found them in the wide stretch of grass behind the house. Bjorn had his cap on backwards now and was winding up with an exaggerated pitcher’s stance, tongue poking out the side of his mouth in concentration. Gideon stood at the other end of the yard, hands up, waiting. 
Bjorn threw it. It went wide and low, and Gideon had to lunge sideways to catch it, which Bjorn found absolutely hilarious. 
“Again!” Bjorn shouted. 
I sat down on the porch steps and watched. 
I had always wanted this for him. Since before he was even born, honestly, I had wanted my son to have what so many other kids got to have: a father figure who loved him, who cared for him, who would throw a ball with him. 
I hadn’t been able to give him that. Not really. And it always broke my heart. 3 
Watching them now, though, made those cracks in my chest fill in with something warm and golden. Gideon was patient with him. He took time to teach Bjorn how to properly throw and catch. And he made my son laugh. 
For a little while, I just rested my chin in my hand and let myself just watch. And as I did, I couldn’t help but wonder if I was making the right decision in letting them spend time together. Maybe it was risky, but Bjorn looked so happy… it made it really difficult to see the downside to it. 1 
I was so lost in thought that I didn’t see the ball coming until it was a foot from my face. 
I gasped, throwing my arm up to protect my nose, and scrunched my eyes shut as I prepared for an impact that never came. 
When I cracked my eyes open again, I found a hand hovering in front of me, fingers tightly gripping the ball. I blinked and looked up to see Gideon staring down at me, and for a moment, I couldn’t breathe. 
The way he was looking at me made my heart stutter in my chest. His eyes were soft, shimmering even in the morning light. His mouth was curved slightly, and he was close enough that I could feel his body heat. 2 
My wolf stretched and bristled at his proximity. For a moment, I almost considered moving closer. It would have been easy. Natural. 1 
“You alright?” he asked. His voice was low, deep, and it snapped me out of my reverie. 
“Yeah.” I swallowed hard, gulping down the feelings that had bubbled up in my throat. “Nice catch.” 
Bjorn, from across the yard, cheered. 
1/3 
Chapter 403 
+25 Bonus 
“Nice catch!” he called out. “I knew you were gonna catch it! That’s why I threw it like that. I definitely did that on purpose! I’m not bad at throwing, I swear!” 
Gideon snorted and tossed the ball back, but overshot the ball by a long ways, forcing Bjorn to go running across the lawn after it. “Right, champ,” he said. “And I definitely didn’t mean to do that, either.” 
While Bjorn went to retrieve the ball, Gideon turned back and sat on the step beside me, stretching his legs out in front of him. We watched Bjorn for a moment. Or at least, I did. I could feel Gideon looking at the side of my head. 
“So. The banquet,” he said. “You’re going with Sebastian?” 
“I am.” 
“As his…?” 
“His wife, yes.” I kept my eyes on Bjorn. 1 
Gideon didn’t say anything to that, but I felt him look at me, and I knew the look without having to see it. It was the same one he’d been giving me for days now. And it didn’t indicate that he believed me in the 
slightest. 
I turned to him. “Will Fiona be joining you?” I blurted out before I could stop myself. 
Gideon blinked. I wasn’t sure why I asked. Maybe I wanted to make sure she wasn’t coming. Or maybe, deep down, a part of me was just… curious. 
“No.” He stood, dusting some grass clippings off his knees. “If you’re going with a date, then I’m going 
alone.” 1 
I parted my lips to say something, but before I could formulate a response, Gideon turned and left. In the end, all I could do was sit there, wondering why my heart was beating so fast and why my face was so 
hot. 2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 404
Chapter 404 
Avery’s POV 
I had just barely recovered from that morning’s run-in with Gideon. The way he had played with Bjorn, so sure and steady, kept flickering through my mind like those few moments in the backyard were playing on a movie reel. 
More than that, I kept thinking about the ease with which he caught the ball before it hit my face. The tender look in his eyes that made my wolf purr with contentment when she had been very much not 
content for a decade. 1 
And everything that happened after that. 
I didn’t know how to feel about any of it anymore. Not him, or his relationship to my son, or my own feelings. 1 
That was becoming more and more common lately. And after a decade of being so sure I had made all the right decisions in my life, it was starting to piss me off. 1 
I decided I needed some fresh air and to get away from the house for a bit, so I threw on my sneakers and grabbed my purse and began walking toward town. I rarely went out inside the pack, which I knew was bad. Sebastian had been kind enough to make this place my home, and I barely paid attention to it. 
The town was bustling at this hour. The little market square was full of vendors selling all kinds of goods, everything from handmade hats and gloves to bottles of honey and jam and even one that was selling home brewed wine. 
I taste tested some wine and decided it was worth purchasing, so I bought a bottle to surprise Sebastian with later at dinner. I was just browsing a booth selling handmade jewelry when I felt a strangely familiar presence beside me that had me looking up. 1 
“Melissa,” I said, stepping back a little when I saw the sun-tanned shoulders and honey-colored hair piled up behind a paisley bandana. “Fancy seeing you here.” 2 
The woman looked at me and smiled, then took the pair of dangly earrings I was holding and held them up beside my face. She scrunched her nose, then shook her head and picked up another pair. 
“These ones are better for your face shape,” she said, holding them out to me. They were small and delicate. I took them, and upon closer inspection, I could see that they were tiny silver hummingbirds. 
“You think so?” I asked. Melissa nodded, and I paid for the earrings. 
“What are you doing in town?” she asked, adjusting the wicker basket she was holding in her arms. It was empty. “I never see you beyond the Alpha’s property.” 
I smiled wryly. “I’ll admit I don’t get out much.” 
“Well, that’s no good, is it?” She nodded her head toward the path leading away from the market. “I was just heading to the community garden, if you’d like to join me.” 
1/2 
Chapter 404 
+25 Bonus 
I nodded and followed her away from the market. The garden wasn’t far. Sebastian had shown it to me once before; the main garden was a large, fenced-off plot of land with various subsections in it. Raised garden beds were thriving with plants, gazebos hung heavy with potted flowers, and there was even a section just for fruit trees. 
“This is my plot,” Melissa said, leading me over to an area in the corner where there were several raised beds lined up in neat rows, all teeming with bushy tomato and cucumber plants. She set her basket down. “I promised my neighbor I’d trade her some of my cucumbers for strawberries.” 
“I’ll help you harvest, if you want,” I said. “Looks like your rosemary is ready to be plucked, too.” 
Melissa glanced up at me. “Are you experienced in gardening?” 
“I…” I hesitated. “I was. Once. A bit out of practice now.” 
She tilted her head. “What do you mean by that?” 
“Well…” I reached out and turned a cucumber over in my fingers, feeling the prickly little spikes along the skin. “I used to garden a lot more. Back before I had a kid and started a business, it was my favorite hobby. Lycan Root was created because I was messing around in my garden, experimenting on my plants.” 
Melissa’s brows shot up. “I didn’t know that.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 405
Chapter 405 
“It’s not something I talk about too often anymore. I don’t think about it much. Too many other things on my mind.” 
“But you loved it once,” she pointed out. “You love it still.” 
I dropped my hand back to my side. “Yeah. I did. I do.” 
She smiled, then walked over to a large wooden trunk at the edge of her plot and opened it. I watched her rifle around inside, and a moment later, she returned with a little trowel, a linen baggie, and several grow 
bags. 
“The garlic needs planting for the winter,” she said, holding the baggie out to me. “I’m assuming you 
know how to do that?” 
“Yeah.” I took the items and peered into the bag. A few dozen garlic bulbs with green shoots starting to come out of the tops were sitting inside. When I looked back up, Melissa had already returned to her cucumbers and was methodically plucking the biggest ones. 
I walked over to the edge of the plot, where it was a little shadier, and opened the grow bags. There was a communal pile of fertilized soil at the center of the garden along with a wheelbarrow that had definitely seen better days. I filled the wheelbarrow halfway and brought it over to the plot, then carefully packed the soil into the grow bags. 
Neither of us spoke as we worked, although in a strange way, I appreciated that. Melissa hummed to herself, occasionally munching on a cucumber. I could hear the crunch from across the garden. 
Once I’d filled the bags with enough soil, I dug my fingers into the dirt and made holes where each bulb would go. The soil was cool against my skin, oddly soothing, and smelled sweetly of manure and damp 
earth. 
I had just finished planting the bulbs and covering them partway with dirt when Melissa came over, still holding her half-eaten cucumber in her hand. 
“Not bad,” she said, smiling. “I appreciate the help.” 
“I’m glad to give it.” I stood, dusting the dirt off my hands. 
Melissa looked at me. “If you’re ever free to come help out at any point, you’re more than welcome to,” she said. “Everyone helps each other out here.” 
I knew what she was getting at. It wasn’t just that the help was needed; it was a community space meant to foster relationships. 
Maybe I needed that. 
“Sure,” I said, nodding. “I’d love to come help out.” 
Melissa grinned. “Feels good to get back to your roots, huh?” 
1/2 
Chap 408 
+25 Bonus 
I couldn’t help but smile a little. Admittedly, in the human lands, I’d gotten so caught up in my work as CEO that I had little time to even water my houseplants, let alone work in a garden with the sun beating against my neck and my knees in the grass. 
Goddess forbid if I showed up to a business meeting with dirt under my fingernails. Humans, especially those in the corporate sphere, didn’t value plants the same way werewolves did. They had enormous supermarkets with everything they needed at their fingertips, and spent too much time working in offices, commuting, and generally living fast-paced lifestyles to bother with growing their own food. 
I supposed I’d gotten a little too used to that lifestyle after a decade of assimilating into it. 
But I did miss this. Truly. Even planting a few garlic bulbs today made me feel happier and more at peace than I had been in a very long time. 
I promised Melissa I would be back-likely even tomorrow-and started heading back to the house after that. The sun was starting to dip below its zenith, turning the sky golden and casting long shadows across the fields. I took my time walking along the path, kicking the occasional stone and breathing in 
the cool late afternoon air. 
Halfway there, I spotted a figure walking down the path toward me. It looked like a woman, and although I didn’t recognize her right away, I waved anyway. 
She didn’t wave back. 
Her face came into view then, frowning at me from beneath a pair of designer sunglasses, and I froze. 3 
“Deirdre?” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 406
Chapter 406 
Avery’s POV 
I hadn’t seen that face in years. 
Ten years, in fact. 
The last time I had seen Deirdre, she had been dead. By my own hands. Lying on the dirt floor of that abandoned greenhouse with blood on her lips and eyes that stared up at nothing. 
For ten years, that image had haunted me. Never in my wildest dreams had I ever considered that I might one day kill someone, and yet it had been Deirdre’s life, of all the lives, that I had taken. 
And yet now here she was. Ten years later. 
Alive and walking past me along a sunlit path. 
I stared at her, mouth open, footsteps halting in the dirt. How was this possible? Deirdre was dead-I had 
watched her die. 
Unless… 
Maybe she wasn’t dead. Maybe I’d been too hasty in my escape. Maybe… 
I rubbed my eyes as the woman came closer. She looked at me, noticing my stare, and stopped walking. My heart pounded as she reached up and removed her sunglasses. 
It was only then that I realized that it wasn’t Deirdre at all. The woman looking at me had a few similar features; face shape, general body build, same sharp look to her. But it wasn’t Deirdre. 
This woman had jet black hair. A small button nose dotted with freckles. Pale skin, nothing at all like Deirdre’s tanning addiction. Her eyes were a deep brown and her lips were full and she had a tattoo of a butterfly on her wrist. 
The woman stared at me. “Can I help you?” she asked. Even her voice didn’t sound like Deirdre’s; it was deep and husky with a slow drawl that I couldn’t quite place. Deirdre’s had always been shrill and quick, and she didn’t have an accent like this woman. 2 
“Sorry.” I shook my head and forced a smile, although it did little to slow my racing heart. “I thought you 
were someone I know. Knew.” 
The woman’s face didn’t change. “Knew?” she repeated. 
“Yeah, it’s just…” I waved my hand. “Old acquaintances.” 
I swore I heard her snort softly under her breath. “Right. Acquaintances,” she muttered. Her eyes flicked up one side of me and down the other, like she was studying me. I suddenly felt very small beneath her gaze, and something about it made the hairs rise on the back of my neck. 2 
But then she brushed past me without another word, hips swaying as she walked down the path. 
1/4 
Chapter 408 
+25 Bonus 
I watched the whole time. Took in her tight slacks, her crisp button-down shirt, her jet black hair pulled tightly into a bun at the back of her neck. Her stride was familiar, but it wasn’t Deirdre. That was impossible. 
Deirdre was dead. 1 
It wasn’t until she disappeared behind a bend in the path that I finally let out a slow exhale. I shook my head and continued up the path toward the house. 
Inside, it took my eyes a few moments to adjust from the bright sunlight outside to the darkness within. I blinked, feeling my way toward the kitchen, where I heard Sebastian’s voice. 
By the time I reached the kitchen, my vision adjusted. Sebastian was leaning against the counter with a cup of something in one hand and his other hand in his pocket. He looked up at me, and his lips parted. 
Before either of us could speak, Gideon stepped into view. 
“You’re still here?” I blurted out. 
“Don’t sound too excited.” Gideon’s lips curved. 
“We got caught up talking about pack matters,” Sebastian clarified. 
“I see.” I set my bags from the market down on the table while Gideon gathered up his suit jacket, which was hanging over the back of a chair. 
“I should really get going,” he said. 
Just as he reached the door, I suddenly called out to him. “Gideon?” 
He stopped in the doorway and turned. There was almost a hopeful glimmer in his eye, like he was waiting for me to tell him I loved him or something. 
That definitely wasn’t going to happen. But I did ask, “What ever happened to Deirdre?” 4 
Gideon blinked. 
“Deirdre?” he asked. “Why do you ask?” 
I shrugged, not bothering to mention that I’d just seen someone who gave me the fright of a lifetime because of her vague resemblance to the woman I once knew. “She was just on my mind today.” 
Gideon looked at me for a long moment, then said, “Ten years ago, when you… left, we… thought she was dead.” 
“You thought?” I asked. 
He nodded. “It was strange. All of the signs pointed toward her being dead. Her pulse was undetectable. Her skin was cool to the touch. For hours, she was unresponsive. But there was this residue on her mouth, which we tested. We eventually discovered it was… what was it called?” 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 407
Chapter 407 
Avery’s POV 
Fiona was standing about ten feet away with a small basket hooked over one arm, looking at me like a deer in headlights. 
I straightened up slowly, my harvested plants already tucked into my basket. I held her gaze while I tugged the gloves off. 
“Are you the one who snipped off those plants?” I asked. 
“What plants?” 
I inclined my head toward the basket. Fiona sighed and moved the cloth aside. I saw only a small sandwich wrapped in plastic film, an apple, and a can of one of those zero-calorie seltzer drinks that were popular in the human lands. 
“Having a picnic?” 
She nodded and moved the cloth back over top. “Yes. I’m not on Evergreen soil, you know. I’m allowed to 
be here.” 
“I know,” I said, “and I wasn’t telling you you had to leave. I was just leaving myself, actually.” 
Fiona kept staring at me. I went to walk away, but before I could make it ten steps, she called out, “Avery.” 
I knew I shouldn’t, but I stopped anyway. As if a small part of me was curious to hear what she had to say next. The last time I had talked to her… well, it hadn’t ended well. 
I glanced at her over my shoulder but didn’t turn fully. “What?” 
“I owe you an apology,” she said. 
I didn’t respond to that, although it took me by surprise. 
“What I said to you that night was unnecessary. Everything. The comments about your instincts. The implications I made in the car.” 
That was when I turned all the way around to look at her, one hand planted firmly on my hip while the other held the basket at my side. “Yeah,” I said, narrowing my eyes. “I seem to remember you implying that you had a hand in my son’s disappearance.” 
She swallowed audibly. “I didn’t,” she said, looking down at the ground. “I was just being catty. I did see Bjorn that day, and I drove away. I guess I thought it would teach you a lesson or something.” 
I jutted my chin out. 
“I really am sorry,” she muttered. 
I looked at her for a long moment. She kept staring at the ground, shifting back and forth on her feet. To 
1/2 
Chapter 407 
+25 Bonus 
anyone else, it might have appeared sincere. 
But that was the thing about Fiona: she was sharp, and she was calculating, and she had made it very clear on multiple occasions that she wanted Gideon and the title that came with him badly enough to do or say almost anything. 
An apology from her was pretty much meaningless to me. It was probably just another ploy to get back in mine, Sebastian’s, and even Gideon’s good graces. So she could keep running her juvenile little schemes. 
I had dealt with women like this before. Like Deirdre. Back then, I had played into it, let it affect me, and made stupid decisions that made me more accessible to them. But now I was older and more experienced and I had a son and a job to think about, and I wasn’t about to let some eighteen year old weasel her way back in just because she said “sorry”. 
Even if she did mean it, I wasn’t about to take that chance. 
“I appreciate that,” I said simply. 
Fiona opened her mouth like she had more to say. 
“Take care of yourself,” I said, and walked back up the creek bank the way I came. 
I didn’t look back. I could feel her standing there watching me, but I kept moving, stepping over the roots and the wet patches of ground and stopping occasionally to pick other plants until the sound of the water faded behind me and the trees thinned out near the garden edge. 
I returned Melissa’s gloves to the trunk, kept the basket, and headed straight for the greenhouse. 
Sebastian had a small working greenhouse at the back of the property that was used for seedlings and other out-of-season things. This time of year, it wasn’t being used for much. It was warm and smelled like damp soil and fertilizer, and there was a long wooden worktable running down the center that was perfect for what I needed. I cleared one end of it, set out my tools, and got to work. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 408
Chapter 408 
+25 Bonus 
The first thing I did was separate what I’d harvested. The aphrodisiac plant went on one side, the plants I had gathered on the way back on the other side. I worked methodically, trimming stems, sorting leaves by size, setting aside anything that didn’t look right. 1 
Then, I pricked my finger. Just a drop of blood was all it would take. I pushed the blood out into a small dish and then started the distillation process. 
The distillation process wasn’t complicated, but it required attention. I had a small portable burner I used for field work that I set up on the table, along with a glass beaker and a length of copper coil. 
I got the first stage going and while it ran I started on the blending ratios. This was the part that required actual thinking, which was why I preferred doing it alone. I was so deep in my notes that I didn’t notice I’d moved the cloth aside on the aphrodisiac cuttings until my thumb caught on something sharp. 
It was a quick, painful sting. I pulled my hand back instinctively and looked down. 
A bead of blood was forming at the tip of my thumb where one of the thorns had caught me. 
“Shit,” I muttered, recalling Melissa’s warning about the thorns. I quickly grabbed a cloth and pressed it firmly to my thumb, standing. I figured I should probably get to the clinic before the aphrodisiac set in. 
But it hit quickly. By the time I made it to the greenhouse door, it was too late. 
The warmth set in immediately. It was like someone had struck a match in my low belly, and the fire was quickly catching on all of my organs and tissues, turning everything hot and irresistible. I turned, biting my lip. My vision swam, and the room seemed to have double of everything as I looked around. 
Goddess, even biting my lip brought pleasure into my hips, and I let out a low, involuntary moan as I dragged the flesh through my teeth. 
Somewhere, in a very distant, fuzzy sort of way, I knew this was wrong and that I needed help. But I was already slumping against the table, half-laughing to myself, pressing my thighs together as wave after wave of desire shook my body. 
I needed… I needed… 
Gideon. 
I didn’t know what I needed right now other than a man. And despite my best efforts not to picture him, only one man came to mind. My wolf howled at the image of his broad frame stepping into the greenhouse, at those familiar eyes looking down at me. 
It was just a hallucination. I knew that. But his presence felt real, and in that moment, the drug welcomed. 

I welcomed it. 
So when he pulled me into his arms, drawing me away from the table, I let myself smile. Let myself lean 
1/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 409
Chapter 409 
into him. Let my head fall back and let a laugh bubble from my throat. 
Because it wasn’t real, right? 
+25 Bonus 
“Gideon,” I whispered as he hooked one arm around my waist, pulling me flush against his body. “Gideon 
11 
But what I didn’t know until it was too late, until he had already heard my soft moans and the way I whispered his name, was that it was real. All of it was real. 
I only realized that Gideon was truly standing in front of me, holding me firmly with concern in his eyes, when he lifted my hand to his mouth and gently sucked on the wound. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
X 
get it 
2/2 
Chapter 409 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 409 
Avery’s POV 
I could only stand there and stare, stupidly, as Gideon sucked the poison from my thumb. His tongue lapped over my finger, arm tightened around my waist, every touch making the heat in my body turn up to such a degree that it felt like my blood was boiling. 
His eyes never left mine. Or maybe mine never left his. I couldn’t tell. But I knew that I didn’t want to look away, even for a moment. 
Finally, slowly, he withdrew my finger from his mouth, turned his head to the side, and spat onto the ground. 
“You called my name,” he said. 
Some of the fog began to ebb away from my mind. “How did you…” 
“The mate bond. You seem to forget it’s there sometimes, but I never do.” His hand brushed over the mark on my neck, which was hardly even a scar now, although it still made me shiver. “I was getting ready to leave when I heard it. Your voice. So I came.” 
I didn’t remember that. But it didn’t matter now. He’d come when I needed him to, again, and I appreciate 
that. 
And I knew, as the aphrodisiac’s effects began to fade, leaving me regretful and tired, that I should step back and thank him for his help and send him away. 
But I didn’t do any of that. 
I kissed him instead. 2 
I felt him go still for just a moment, and then his free hand came up to my jaw and he kissed me back with equal fervor. 
It was the same as it always had been. That was the worst part. A decade of distance and it took a mere five seconds to fall straight back into it, like no time had passed at all. His mouth was familiar, the way he tilted his head was familiar, and my hands found the front of his shirt exactly where they used to ten 
years ago. 
I gripped the front of his shirt tightly, one side in each hand. Gideon made a low sound against my mouth and walked me back a step until I felt the edge of the table hit my spine, and something clattered off it and hit the floor. Neither of us looked to see what it was, even if it meant ruining my experiment. 
The feeling of his body pressing against me made my sinews alight. Before I could stop myself I yanked on his shirt, hard. Buttons popped and went flying. Gideon growled low as my hands splayed across his bare chest. The mate bond flared up so suddenly and so intensely that my knees nearly gave out. 
His hands were on my waist, then the hem of my shirt, and then my shirt was gone and his mouth dropped to my collarbone and down, just below it, right along the edge of my bra. His lips grazed the soft 
1/2 
Chapter 409 
+25 Bonus 
flesh that spilled out over the lace. I let my head fall backwards and shut my eyes, drawing my lower lip through my teeth again. 
Gideon grabbed my thigh, digging his fingers deep into the flesh, and hooked it up around his hips, hitching me up against the table. The table bumped and I heard something else hit the floor with the movement. Glass, this time, by the sound of it. I didn’t open my eyes. 
He trailed hot, open-mouthed kisses along my breasts then, one hand coming up to tug down the fabric of my bra just enough to expose my nipple. I gasped as he drew the sensitive bud into his mouth and sucked. My fingers tangled in his hair, and I ground my hips against his, feeling the hard, thick member already throbbing for me there. 1 
A decade had passed since I’d last felt him like this. Too long. 
In that moment, I wanted, more than anything, to feel it again. To fall back into our old habits. To feel the sensations of being held and fucked by a man, this man and no other, regardless of what had happened between us in the past. 1 
For a moment, just a moment, I only wanted to repeat that very first night we’d met in the woods. The full moon shining overhead but hidden behind the dense canopy of trees. Only the mate bond to guide us through the darkness, making our bodies do what they were made to do before we even saw each 
other’s faces. 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 410
Chapter 410 
For a moment, I just wanted him back. Pain and all. Grief and all. 
I wanted him. 
But then I realized what was happening. This was wrong, and the fact that it felt good in the moment couldn’t change that. I couldn’t fall back into this old routine. I couldn’t let him manipulate me with the pleasant sensations of a bond that had never fully gone away. 4 
Furthermore, as far as Gideon knew, I was a married woman. 
I pressed my hands into his chest just as I heard the faint clink of his belt buckle. Then, I shoved him hard. 
Gideon stumbled back a step, breathless, staring at me. His hair was a mess and his shirt was hanging open with half the buttons ripped off. 
“You need to go,” I said, pushing away from the table, tucking my breast back into my bra, and turning away. “Now.” 
He didn’t move immediately. 
“Avery,” he said. His voice was low and husky, and the way he said my name made my chest clench painfully with the effort of holding back my wolf. “You’re the one who kissed me. You want me.” 
“I kissed you because of the poison.” I reached down and picked up my shirt from the floor. “That’s it. That’s the only reason any of that happened, and you knew I was impaired and you let it go that far anyway, so you had better hope that Sebastian doesn’t come looking for you in the next ten minutes.” (2 
Gideon was silent. I pulled my shirt on over my head and turned to find him looking at me, chest heaving, lips parted. 
His expression hardened at the same time mine did. 
“I already sucked out the poison,” he said. “Before any of that started. So it was just you, not the aphrodisiac that made you do that.” 2 
I pursed my lips and refused to comment on that. He held my gaze for one more second, then turned and walked out of the greenhouse. 
The door swung shut behind him with a slam that rattled the glass. 
I stood there for a long moment, breathing hard, before I turned to take in the wreckage. One of my beakers was on the floor in pieces. My notes were crumpled. The cloth I had put over the plant cuttings had been knocked aside entirely, and one of the aphrodisiac stems had rolled halfway across the table. 
Fantastic. I’d ruined my experiment and would have to start all over, all because I’d pricked my finger on that damn plant and made a fool out of myself. 
Chapter 410 
+25 Bonus 
And the worst part about all of it was that I still fucking wanted him. That now, with him gone, I suddenly felt cold and lonelier than I had allowed myself to feel in ten years. 
For a decade, I hadn’t been intimate with any man. There were moments where I missed that part of my life, of course, but I had convinced myself that it was better to be celibate, that I was actually okay with this. 
Now, I knew that wasn’t the case. 
Just… why did it have to be Gideon who made me realize that, of all people? Why couldn’t it have been with someone who was clean and simple, who I didn’t have such a dark past with? 
I huffed hotly, sinking onto the nearby stool, and scrubbed my hands over my face. My thumb was still a little red with the pink prick mark still visible, but the aphrodisiac’s effects felt like a distant memory by 
now. 
Maybe Gideon was right. Maybe what just happened now was all me, and had nothing to do with the poison. 2 
Maybe I really was just that much of a fool. 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 411
Chapter 411 
Avery’s POV 
The meeting was held in Sebastian’s office, which overlooked the pack grounds below. It was a bright, sunny day, just as it had been all week. In the gardens below, I could see Bjorn giving Colt the runaround, tiring the poor Beta out with a game of tag. Under different circumstances, I might have smiled at the sight. 
Today, I couldn’t look at it. 
Aldric sat in one of the armchairs in front of Sebastian’s desk, with Gideon seated next to him. Sebastian had offered me his desk chair, but I couldn’t sit, so he took it while I paced. 
In the middle of the room stood a pack healer. She stared at the floor and wrung her hands, having just informed us of the bad news. The very same news that Aldric had arrived with this morning. 
The children were not responding to the Lycan Root treatment. 
In fact, their condition had worsened. 
Thankfully, we knew one thing for certain: the healer said that the children’s conditions had worsened in typical pattern for their illness. It wasn’t the Lycan Root that was making them worse. But it wasn’t doing anything to help them, either. Not even a little. 
Aldric was looking at me now like I had betrayed him. 
“You seemed so certain your drug would work,” he said. 
“I was.” 
“Well, you were mistaken,” Aldric huffed. “Forgive me, Avery. Sebastian. But I think it might be in my pack’s best interests if I were to pull out of the arrangement.” 
I snapped my gaze up to meet his. 
“Already?” I asked. “After just one failed trial?” 
He splayed his hands wide. “What else am I supposed to do? Your medicine isn’t working. These children are getting sicker. I’m not blaming you, but clearly I need to seek out an alternative.” 
I bit my lip. I couldn’t blame Aldric, exactly. I might have done the same in his position. But it also pained me greatly to think about kids suffering when I had special DNA in my blood, abilities that could help therm heal more than any plant, and that there might be a way to make this work. 1 
My mind was already racing. Sebastian was looking at me like he knew it. 
“What are you thinking?” he asked quietly. 
“I just…” I ran a hand through my hair and looked at Aldric. “Please give me one more chance.” 
1/2 
Chapter 41 
+25 Bonus 
“But your medicine is not-” 
“I’ll work on the recipe. Make it more potent, more catered to the needs of these children.” 
Aldric looked at me for a long moment, then looked at Gideon. Gideon hesitated. His eyes shot between me, Aldric, and Sebastian, although they lingered on me the longest. 
“Please,” I mouthed, looking at Gideon imploringly. Despite everything, he knew just how knowledgeable I was with plants. He knew better than anyone, actually. 1 
Finally, he turned back to Aldric. “Give her the chance.” 
The Alpha sighed. “Fine. One more chance.” He wagged a finger at me. “But if it fails, I’m pulling out of the arrangement.” 
“Fair enough,” Sebastian said, nodding. 
I was already moving. “Avery?” Sebastian called out. “Where are you going?” 
“I’ve got work to do,” I said, flinging the door open. I paused for a moment to look at Aldric. “One week. I’ll have a new recipe within that time.” 
Aldric nodded curtly, and then I looked at Gideon. I pressed my lips together and tucked my chin.” 
Thanks for the endorsement.” 
With that, I quickly turned and left. 
I had been so sure about the Lycan Root. I had spent years developing it, testing the chemistry of it, adjusting and refining until I was confident it could do what I needed it to do. And maybe it still could, under the right conditions. But right now, those kids were still sick, and the formula I’d given them wasn’t strong enough to do anything meaningful in time. 
I needed a booster. Something that could increase the drug’s absorption rate, improve blood flow, get it moving through the body faster and more effectively. 
I wasn’t really sure why I went to the community garden. The plants there were mostly edible, not the type to be particularly useful in my pursuits. But the moment I saw Melissa tending to her space, her skirt fanned out around her as she knelt in the dirt, I realized why I had come. 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 412
Chapter 412 
+25 Bonus 
Melissa didn’t look up as I approached. “Avery,” she said, pulling up a weed from the base of her summer squash plant. “Twice in one week. You must really like garlic.” 
“Melissa,” I said, “I have a dilemma. I was hoping you might be able to help me.” 
“Oh?” 
I explained it as plainly as I could. I told her I needed something that could increase absorption, something that worked fast and was safe to combine with what I already had. 
Melissa listened the entire time, nodding along, brow furrowed as she continued to pull up weeds. When I was finished, she was quiet for a few moments. 
“There’s a plant,” she finally said. “Grows in the woods north of the garden, mostly near the creek. Dark leaves, waxy. Small thorns you don’t want to touch.” She glanced up at me, squinting against the sun. ” On its own, it has aphrodisiac properties.” 1 
My brows shot up. “An aphrodisiac.” 
She nodded. “All aphrodisiacs really do is increase blood flow to the right areas. Maybe if you distill it with the right solutions, combine it with some other herbs, then it could work.” 
I scratched my head. It wasn’t a bad idea. 
“I’ll try it,” I said. 
She stood, not bothering to wipe the dirt off her skirt. “Just don’t touch the thorns. That’s where the poison comes from.” She smirked at me. “Unless you’re trying to get in the mood.” 
I rolled my eyes. “Trust me. I’m not.” I turned. “Thank you, Melissa. I’m going to head out right now.” 
“Good luck,” she called after me. “Oh, and feel free to take my basket and gloves. Just bring them back at some point.” She gestured vaguely toward the trunk, where her wicker basket was sitting on top, and turned back to her work. I thanked her again, grabbed the basket and thick gardening gloves, and hurried down the path. 
The woods were cool and dim after the open brightness of the garden. I moved along the creek bank, keeping my eyes low, scanning for the waxy dark leaves Melissa had described. The ground was soft here from the recent rain, and the creek was running fast. 
In an unexpected way, despite the chaos of my mind as I scrambled to think of potential tweaks to the Lycan Root recipe, being out here, in the forest, just searching for plants, was oddly soothing. 
It reminded me of days that I had left behind a long time ago. Foraging, being with plants and nature, had always been a way to pacify my tumultuous thoughts. Even when I’d been a prisoner in Asher’s camp, those moments foraging in the woods had been the only times that my mind was quiet and my goals were clear. 
1/2 
Chapter 412 
+25 Bonus 
It was when I crouched down to look inside a half-rotting log that I spotted it. There, growing in the shade, I spotted a cluster of dark, glossy leaves. 
“There you are,” I murmured, moving a little closer. I turned on my phone flashlight to get a better look, and indeed, the plant looked exactly like what Melissa described. I could see the spiky thorns even from here. 
Strangely, though, I noticed that there were multiple stalks around the plant that appeared to have been snipped at the base. Like someone had cut some of them already. 1 
I frowned, leaning in more. The tops of the stalks still looked wet and shiny, like they had been cut recently. 
Odd. What use would someone else have for these plants? 1 
I shrugged to myself and pulled on the gardening gloves, reaching inside the log to harvest the plants. It took some maneuvering, but I managed to snip several without pricking myself, partially thanks to the 
gloves. 
I was just standing, tucking the plants into my basket, when I heard a twig snap behind me. I whipped around, expecting Melissa or perhaps Bjorn to have followed me. 
Instead, it was Fiona who I saw standing there, holding a covered basket of her own. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 413
Chapter 413 
Fiona’s POV 
During the four days after the incident with the kid, I had called Gideon four times. Four. Every single call had gone to voicemail, and not once had he called back. 
Father was furious about the whole situation, of course. He hadn’t said it outright, but I could tell from the way he looked at me at breakfast every morning. Like I was a failure. 
Maybe he was right. 
I had replayed the incident with the boy over and over again in my mind, and every time I reached the same conclusion: I had panicked. What started out as a calculated move had turned into a mess the moment the storm rolled in, and then I had made the bone-headed decision to show up to the search party like I’d had nothing to do with it, which apparently hadn’t fooled Avery one bit. I’d seen it on her face in the car. She knew. 
She didn’t have proof. But she knew. 
And now Gideon wasn’t speaking to me, and Avery was still here, and the prospect of an engagement seemed further and further away by the day. 
I had stayed in my room for most of the past few days. I didn’t feel like eating much, or talking, or doing much of anything, for that matter. Father didn’t check on me. Not that I expected him to. 
But tonight, I was surprised when one of the servants knocked on my door and told me that my father 
wanted to come down for dinner. 
When I reached the dining room, Father was already seated at the head of the table, and he wasn’t alone. 
A woman sat to his right. Dark hair pulled neatly back. Pale skin, sharp features, a small nose, and a set of full lips curved into a polite smile as I walked in. She was dressed in a crisp blouse, tailored slacks, and simple jewelry. She looked like the kind of person I had always wanted to be. 1 
Father looked up when I entered. “Fiona, this is Katya,” he said, picking up his wine glass. “She’ll be staying with us for a little while.” 
I looked at him, then at Katya. “Staying with us?” 
“Think of her as an assistant,” Father said. “She has some experience that I think will be very useful for 
our current… situation.” 
I looked at Katya again. She was watching me with a calm, assessing look in her brown eyes that I found mildly unsettling. It wasn’t hostile, but it felt like she was sizing me up. 
“What kind of experience?” I asked. 
“The useful kind,” Katya replied. “I know Gideon. We were acquainted once, a long time ago. I understand how he thinks.” 2 
1/2 
Chapte 413 
+25 Bonus 
I looked at Father, who gave me a look that told me the decision had already been made. I bit back what I was going to say and picked up my fork instead. 
Dinner felt like an interrogation. Katya asked me about my age, my interests, every little detail about myself. I could tell, though, that she was saving the bigger discussions for after dinner, once we had gotten to know each other a little better. 
Afterwards, Father excused himself to take a call. Katya and I were left at the table with half-eaten desserts sitting between us. 
She refilled her wine glass and looked at me calmly. “You seem skeptical,” she said. 
“I just don’t see how you can help,” I admitted. “No offense, but Gideon is a tough nut to crack.” 
“Trust me. I know,” she said with a snort. “Speaking of which; tell me where things stand. With Gideon.” 
I hesitated, then decided there wasn’t much point in being cagey about it. If Father had hired her, then she already knew the bigger details. “He’s not speaking to me. He’s been ignoring my calls for almost a 
week.” 
“And before that?” 
“He made it clear a while ago that he wasn’t interested in giving me the title of Luna. That he wanted Avery.” The words tasted sour on my tongue. “I’ve been trying for ages to get close to him, to show him that I’m capable of being a proper Luna.” 
“You haven’t tried… other methods?” she asked. 
I looked at her. “What do you mean?” 
Katya looked at me like the answer was obvious. “I’m taking about what’s inside his pants, darling.” 
I flushed. “I… You’re saying I should sleep with him?” 
“It might be your only way into his heart,” she said. “You’ve been playing the long game, but with Avery around, there might not be enough time. The full moon is coming up. Their wolves will be in heat and their mate bond will pull them together. Unless there’s something standing in the way, of course.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 414
Chapter 414 
“But I… I was saving myself for marriage,” I muttered. 
Katya laughed. “That’s sweet, darling, but men like this don’t respond to that sort of thing. You have to take him by the reins and show him what you can do.” 
“How do you know any of this?” I asked. 
“I just do. I’ve had enough experience with men to know how they work.” She looked me over in that same assessing way she had at dinner. “You’re a beautiful girl. You know that. But beauty alone doesn’t do much if you don’t know how to use it.” 
I opened my mouth to reply, then stopped. She was right, and I hated that she was right, and it was making me blush like a fool. 
“Why do you look so frightened?” she asked. “It’s just sex. You intend to marry him, anyway.” 
“It’s just that… I’ve never actually…” I stared down at my plate. “I’ve never done any of that. I’m a virgin.” 
“That doesn’t need to stop you.” 
“But I don’t even know how to seduce a man enough to want him to sleep with me. Especially not when he already has eyes for another.” 
Katya sighed softly. “Well, there are other methods, you know.” 
I looked up. She had picked up a spare wine glass and the bottle, and filled the glass partway. She slid the glass across the table to me. 
I took it. 
“There’s a plant,” she started. “You’ve probably never heard of it. But when prepared properly, it works as a very potent aphrodisiac. A few drops in a drink, and whoever consumes it becomes… let’s just say, very receptive.” 
I choked on my wine. “You’re saying I should drug him?” 
“Drugging?” She pressed a perfectly-manicured hand to her chest in offense. “No, darling! I’m talking about giving things a nudge, that’s all. All the aphrodisiac will do is help him see your true beauty and potential. Just make sure he’s alone with you once it kicks in.” 
“So I sleep with him,” I said, furrowing my brow. “But then he’ll wake up in the morning and realize drugged him and regret it.” 
“Not necessarily.” She held up one finger. “It will be the full moon-the perfect time to form new bonds. Under the influence, with you in his arms, he won’t even think twice. Expose your neck, and he’ll mark you. Come morning, he’ll be so enamored with you that he won’t even question it.” 
“And what about Avery?” I asked. 
1/2 
Chache ne 
+25 Bonus 
Katya shrugged. “He’ll hardly even remember her. Once he’s bonded to you, his bond with her will…” She wiggled her fingers in the air. “Poof. Gone.” 
I let out a breath. It was a risky plan, and on a fundamental level, it felt wrong. What I’d done to the child still didn’t sit right with me. Drugging a full-grown man just to seduce him… it wasn’t something I had ever pictured myself doing. 
But what else was I supposed to do? My father was disappointed in me. I needed to marry, and it needed to be Gideon. That was the path that had been set out for me a long time ago, and if I strayed from it, I wasn’t sure what would happen. 
Finally, I nodded. “Okay. I’ll do it.” 
Katya smiled and launched into a description of the plant. She told me exactly where to look, how to harvest it carefully without pricking myself on the thorns, and the process for distilling it down into a fine 
powder that dissolved in liquid with no taste or color. 
I spent all night mulling over the idea in my mind, wondering if this was further than I wanted to go. But by morning, I knew I had no other choice. 
It was either this, or disappoint Father in a way that could never be repaired. 
I would gladly choose the plant over that. 
That morning, I set out just as the sun began to rise with a basket looped over my arm and a plan in my 
mind. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 415
Chapter 415 
Deirdre’s POV 
I couldn’t believe that ten years had passed already. 
If you looked at my face-my new face-you would never know it. There wasn’t a hair out of place. Not a wrinkle in sight. I had made sure of that throughout all of the tens of thousands I had spent on cosmetic procedures, injections, and dermatologist visits over the years. 1 
I looked like a woman frozen in a time that never existed. A woman with a different name, a different past, and no history of having everything taken from me. 
But the truth was, there was no amount of botox or fillers or “subtle” facelifts that could change what had really happened. My nose might be different, my eyes might hide behind colored contacts, the freckles I had tattooed across my face might never fade, but there was no hiding from the events of ten 
years ago. 
Not really. Not in the ways that mattered. 
Ten years had passed since I had woken up in that abandoned greenhouse, delirious and confused with a fog in my head that took weeks to go away. A decade went by, and I had lived an entire lifetime in that span; I had suffered, survived, and worked hard as hell to rebuild what had been taken. 
In the beginning, I lived on the run. Gideon hunted me like a dog, but I always managed, somehow, to stay one step ahead. I lived in caves and abandoned hovels in the woods. I lived off of what little food I could hunt and forage on my own. Mostly, I moved. 
It wasn’t until two years in that Gideon’s pursuit of me let up, just a little, just enough to give me a chance 
to breathe. 
That was when I found the rogues. 
They were a larger tribe in the northern territories. Nomadic. The idea of joining them seemed perfect; large enough to go unnoticed by outsiders amongst their numbers, and their nomadic lifestyle meant that I could keep moving, evading Gideon, without having to survive on my own. 1 
It should have been simple-an opportunity to rest, to regroup, and to begin planning my next moves. 
But it was anything but. I was accused of stealing on my first night simply because I had taken a secret second helping of dinner. I was starving, but they didn’t care. In their eyes, I was a newcomer who had taken their resources, and I had to pay. 
They told me I just needed to work off the food I had stolen. Easy. I could do that. 
But then the goalposts kept being moved. They found things to pin on me. I became the tribe’s scapegoat, and eventually, their slave. 
That lasted for another two years. 
1/2 
Chapter 415 
+25 Bonus 
Eventually, after two years of secretly saving up what little money I could, I managed to buy my freedom. The rogues left me standing on the side of a road with only the rags I wore on my back and a body full of 
bruises. 
After that, I decided to stay away from rogues altogether. I joined a small pack. Threw myself at the Alpha’s feet on the day of the claiming ceremony and begged for work. At first, I was assigned to the fields. There, I became friendly with the other pack members. They gave me odd jobs while I lived in the packhouse. 
The foreman for the farm I worked for was a wealthy man with a wife and several children. They needed a new nanny, and I applied. Finally, I got out of the fields and although I hated working with the kids, the pay was good. Better than good, actually. 
That was around the time I started the procedures. I had already cut and dyed my hair, bought brown colored contacts that I wore every day, and stopped tanning. But it wasn’t enough. 
I started with the botox and fillers. Then, I saved up for a nose job. A chin implant. A thread lift to change the shape of my eyes. 
I lived five years like that, slowly morphing myself into a woman who never existed. I was no longer Deirdre-Deirdre had died in that greenhouse. I was Katya, the kind, thoughtful governess with no sordid past to speak of. 
But although Deirdre was gone, I hadn’t forgotten the true purpose I had set out for over ten years ago. 
Gideon was mine. That title was mine. 4 
Like hell I was just going to give all that up. 
I heard he had never gotten over Avery. That he spent the entire ten years searching for her. Some even said he lost his mind during that time. It seemed as good a time as any for Katya to swoop in, sweet and understanding Katya, who could help him overcome his painful past and move on. To love again. To give the title of Luna to her instead of the woman who was probably dead. 
At least, that was the plan. 
But then I found out that Avery wasn’t dead. In fact, she had returned to the packs, and Gideon was pursuing her again. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 416
Chapter 416 
And, to make matters worse, there was another young woman who was vying for an engagement. 
Fiona. The young, barely eighteen-year-old daughter of Alpha Matthew. 
+25 Bonus 
Perhaps Deirdre would have felt threatened by Fiona, but all Katya saw was an opportunity. So, the very day I found out about the girl, I gave my employer my letter of resignation and sent Alpha Matthew my resume, proposing myself for the position of his daughter’s assistant. 
I 
Two weeks passed. I feared he wouldn’t respond, but surprisingly, he did. He said he would hear me out- that Fiona had come across some misfortune and might benefit from the assistance of an older, more experienced woman. 
We arranged to meet in Evergreen pack. 
That was when I found her there. Avery. Alive and well, looking older and more haggard, but definitely her. She recognized me at first, but when she saw my new face, she thought twice. 
I walked away from her with my jaw clenched and a bitter feeling churning in my gut. 
Alpha Matthew was at the restaurant in town, sitting by himself, sipping from a coffee cup as he looked out over the square. 
“Alpha Matthew?” I walked up to his table and extended my hand. “Katya. Pleasure to meet you.” 
He shook my hand with a firm grip. “I’m glad you made it, Katya. Please, sit.” 
I sat and ordered myself a tea from the waiter. Once we were alone again, Matthew turned to me. “So. You think you can help my daughter.” 
I nodded. “You mentioned that she’s been facing some difficulties.” 
The Alpha sighed. “Something like that. She’s young and inexperienced, and this Alpha-Gideon-has turned his back on what could have been a very beneficial engagement.” 
My teeth tightened together, but I maintained a smile. “I know Gideon,” I said. 
He arched a brow. “You do?” 
“Well. I did.” I waved my hand. “We were acquaintances once, years ago. I used to work for him.” I leaned forward. “He always had a habit of being non-committal. But when it came to Avery, he was quite different.” 
“Tell me about it.” The Alpha scoffed and took a sip of his coffee. “She’s been nothing but trouble since her return. I told Gideon that he could still have her as a mistress if he would just give the title of Luna to my daughter, but…” 
“But he refused,” I said. 
Matthew nodded. “And now here we are.” He cocked his head. “And you think you can help?” 
1/2 
Chather 416 
+25 Bonus 
“Oh, I know I can,” I replied easily. I licked my lips, just briefly, and lidded my eyes halfway. “Gideon is a fickle man, but he’s a man nonetheless-you know what I’m getting at.” 
“I’m not sure if I follow…” 
“Oh, please. As a handsome man yourself, I’m sure you never had any shortage of women on your elbow. Especially when you were younger.” 
The Alpha’s eyes lit up faintly at that. He leaned his elbow on the table. “Are you trying to flatter me?” 
“I don’t think I have to try.” I smiled and leaned back again, putting some more distance between us. Look. I know you barely know me. But I know Gideon. I know how he ticks, and trust me, he’s just like any other man. And if you’ll just give me a chance, I can help your daughter win him over by the time the full moon hangs heavy in the sky.” 3 
Matthew glanced at the window. The sun was still up, but the moon was already somewhat visible. It was nearly full-just a few more days. 
“Fiona is too hasty and rash at times,” Matthew said then, looking at me once more. “Her mother passed many years ago-I fear I never quite had the delicate touch of a woman when it came to raising her.” 
“Then let me step in.” I took a sip of my tea, hardly noticing the way it burned my tongue. “Let me take her under my wing. One week before the full moon; that’s all I need.” 
“And if you can’t help my daughter accomplish our goals?” Matthew asked. 
I shrugged. Smiled. Let my foot lightly graze the side of his calf under the table, as if by accident, but the touch lingered. 
“Then you won’t even have to pay me,” I cooed. 
Matthew stiffened at the touch, but I could see his eyes glimmer with desire, and I knew I had struck my mark. I pulled back, leaning back in my chair, and watched him over the rim of my cup. 
“You’re hired,” he said, extending his hand again. “I hope we have a very beneficial partnership, Miss Katya.” 
I smiled and shook his hand, letting mine rest in his for just a moment too long. 
“I’m sure we will,” I said. “I’m sure we will.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
? 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 417
Chapter 417 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 417 
Avery’s POV 
I couldn’t stand being in the greenhouse for another moment that night. 1 
I cleaned up the broken glass, salvaged what I could of the experiment, and moved the whole operation to the kitchen table instead, where I worked until two in the morning and then fell asleep sitting up with my cheek on my notes. 
That became the pattern for the next several days. I woke early and worked late and kept my mind on the Lycan Root and nothing else. I reworked the distillation process, adjusted the ratios, worked the aphrodisiac plant down into something that was barely recognizable from its original form by the time I was done combining it with the other herbs. 
The resulting compound was a deep reddish-brown liquid that smelled faintly sweet and looked nothing like something that could cause the kind of chaos it had in its raw form. 
I brought it to Aldric on the fourth day. He looked at it, then at me, then had the clinic nurse administer it to both children that afternoon. 
We wouldn’t know if it worked right away. These things took time. But when I returned to Aldric’s pack the following day, the nurse said that the little girl’s fever had already come down slightly. Back home, the little boy had apparently opened his eyes for the first time in two weeks. 
Sebastian was waiting in the kitchen when I got home from checking on the children. He had two cups of coffee on the table and pushed one toward me when I sat down. I took it gratefully even though it was probably too late in the day for caffeine. 
He looked at me for a long moment. “You look terrible,” he said. 
“Thank you, Sebastian.” 
“I mean it. When did you last sleep properly?” 
“I’ve been sleeping… Sort of.” 
“At the kitchen table doesn’t count.” He wrapped both hands around his cup. “What’s going on with you? And don’t say it’s just the medicine, because you’ve been off for days.” 
I looked at my coffee. The greenhouse incident sat at the back of my throat, begging me to just tell Sebastian about it, but I couldn’t. I wanted to swallow it and forget about it. 
“It’s been a stressful week,” I finally said. “I’m just tired, that’s all.” 
Sebastian watched me for a moment, clearly not buying that that was all it was, but didn’t press the 
matter. 
“The banquet is tomorrow,” he said after a moment. “Which means tonight you are not allowed to work.” He stood, picking up his cup. “I had the servants run you a bath. Hot. There’s wine in your room. Oh, and I 
1/2 
Chapter 417 
+25 Bonus 
told them to put those salts in it that you seem to like.” 
“How did you know I like those?” I laughed. 
“Because you’ve run out like six times since you came here.” 
I flushed. “Thank you.” 
“I’m taking Bjorn out for dinner, and the servants are going to prepare you whatever you ask for.” He carried his cup to the sink. “So the house will be quiet tonight. You’re going to go upstairs and get in that bath and do absolutely nothing for the rest of the night.” 1 
I opened my mouth, then closed it. He wasn’t wrong. My shoulders were in a constant state of soreness and the idea of a quiet house did sound appealing. 
“Okay,” I said. 
Sebastian turned around and looked mildly shocked that I hadn’t argued more. I stood, and on an impulse, I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. 1 
He went pink. 
“Thank you, Sebastian,” I repeated. “You’re a good friend.” 1 
He opened his mouth like he was going to say something, and then seemed to think better of it. “Have a nice night,” he said, and turned back to the sink. 2 
I headed upstairs. 
The bath was exactly what he’d promised. Hot enough to make my skin prick when I got in, wine waiting to be poured, the water smelling like eucalyptus from the salts. I sank in and sipped some wine and let out a breath that felt like it had been sitting in my chest all week. 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 418
Chapter 418 
I closed my eyes and sank further into the bath until the water hit my chin. 
At some point, I must have drifted off, just a little. I was so exhausted that it was inevitable. But that wasn’t the problem. 
It was the fact that, for every night that week, I had dreamt of Gideon. Even when I dozed for a few minutes at the table, I dreamt of his hands on my body and his lips on my skin and everything that I wasn’t supposed to think about. 
And this time was no different. 
An image of the inside of the greenhouse flashed through my half-asleep mind. Except this time was different. We didn’t stop when it got too heavy. We kept going, and I moaned at the sensation of his mouth trailing down between my thighs, and the windows fogged up from our shared breath. 
My eyes fluttered open, and I rubbed them, as if that would somehow dispel the thought. It didn’t, of course, so I grabbed my wine and took a long gulp before sinking back into the water. 1 
The full moon was tomorrow. That was all this was. I’d dealt with it before. It had been worse in the early years after leaving the packs, when I had no one and the full moon made me feel hollowed out and restless in ways I couldn’t explain to humans. 1 
I knew what this was. I understood it perfectly. 
That didn’t stop my hand from sliding beneath the surface of the water. 
I kept my eyes shut and tried, once, to think about something else. Anything else. It didn’t work. He was already there, behind my eyes, steady as anything, and the full moon was tomorrow and I was still a wolf despite ten years trying not to be one. 
My fingers knew the dance all too well. I’d be lying if I said I hadn’t done this before, on those lonely nights in my mansion. I’d be lying, too, if I said that images of the very same man hadn’t brought me to pleasure before. 
I did try to push them away, to picture some faceless man with a big cock and no real ties to me. But it didn’t work. It never did. 
I squeezed my eyes tighter as my fingers circled my clit, slow at first, then faster, dipping down into the folds and then back up. I drew two fingers around my labia, one on one side and one on the other, pulling everything separate so my other hand could move down and begin to massage the sensitive bud. 
It never took long. Especially not now, with the nearly-full moon shining through the window and fresh thoughts of Gideon on my mind and veins that I sometimes swore were still coursing with the effects of the poisonous plant. 
When my pleasure came, it was hot and quick and not as satisfying as I wanted it to be. I finished with three shudders, abdominal muscles tensing under the water as my fingers gripped the edges of the tub. 
1/2 
Chapter 418 
+25 Bonus 
When I opened my eyes again and saw nothing but a cold ceiling above me, the shame hit me immediately. 
I ran my hands over my face and sighed. 
“Stupid.” 
I got out, dried off, and pulled on my robe. 
The house was still quiet. Outside the bathroom window, the sky had gone deep blue and the moon was hanging fat and nearly full on the horizon, and I looked at it for a moment before pulling the curtain 
across. 
Tomorrow was going to be a problem if I let it be one. 
But I wasn’t going to let it be one. 
I decided that I would go to the banquet with Sebastian, stay at Sebastian’s side the entire night, act like the perfect “wife” even though it was all fake-anything to keep Gideon away. 
And whatever the moon and the bond and the universe thought could honestly go and get fucked. Because I was not going to let Gideon plague my mind anymore. 5 
Especially not tomorrow. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
x 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 419
Chapter 419 
Avery’s POV 
The seamstress really had outdone herself. The deep midnight blue fabric almost seemed to shimmer like thousands of distant stars against a clear night sky as I turned in front of the mirror. We’d gone for a simple but elegant off the shoulder neckline, with an open back that made my skin prickle pleasantly in the cool evening air. 
When I emerged from my room, Sebastian was standing in the hallway, looking handsome in a tailored tuxedo. His pocket square and tie matched my dress. 
“Wow,” he said, pushing away from the wall where he had been leaning. “Avery, you look…” His eyes wandered over the fabric, then moved to my hair, which I’d kept loose and free down my back. “You look really beautiful.” 
I blushed faintly. “It’s not too much?” 
“Too much?” Sebastian scoffed. “Avery, you look like the moon in the sky.” 
Sebastian offered me his arm, and I took it. We headed downstairs, toward the banquet hall, which was already teeming with the noise of hundreds of guests. Many of them had already spilled out into other areas of the house. Laughter, music, and the clinking of glasses filled the air. 
The banquet hall had been utterly transformed for tonight’s banquet. When I’d first come to Evergreen for the last ball, that had been incredible. But this was something else entirely. The rafters were hung heavy with drapes and streamers. Everything was lit with the warm glow of candles that glinted off the gold of the chandeliers. Every pillar was wrapped with bright white roses to symbolize the full moon, and projections of the night sky were being cast across the vaulted ceilings, making it feel like we were already outside. 
We walked in together, arm in arm, just like we planned. Heads turned. A cluster of women near the entrance looked our way and then leaned together, talking behind their hands. Two of them were looking at the gown. 
“They’re looking at you,” Sebastian whispered, leaning close. 
“No, they’re looking at the gown-” 
“Avery. They’re looking at you.” 
I looked up at Sebastian. His expression was soft, his eyes reflecting the light of the candles flickering around us. For just a moment, his gaze flicked down to where the blue fabric strained across my shoulders. 
“Avery,” he said, turning toward me, “there’s something I was hoping to talk to you about tonight.” 
“Oh? What is it?” I took a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. 
Sebastian opened his mouth like he wanted to say if, but then shut it again and smiled. “After the party,” 
1/2 
Chante 419 
he said. 1 
+25 Bonus 
I was about to ask what this was all about when someone suddenly called Sebastian’s name. Sebastian’s face lit up, and he placed his hand on my low back, guiding me over. 
For a while, the party was… nice. Peaceful, even. Sebastian knew everyone, of course, and introduced me to half a dozen pack members whose names I immediately lost track of. I smiled and shook hands and laughed at the right moments and refilled my champagne glass twice before the first hour was up. 
But then Gideon arrived. I knew when he did because the air shifted again in that subtle way it did when an Alpha walked in. He was in a dark suit with no tie, top button open, and he looked annoyingly good. 
He came in and stopped in the doorway. Looked around, scanning the room like he was on a mission. 
His eyes landed on me immediately, and the look in them told me that his mission was accomplished. 
A flash of the moments in the greenhouse shot through my mind before I could stop it. My cheeks flamed, and I quickly looked away, pretending I hadn’t seen him even though we both knew I had. 
He beelined right for us anyway. 
“Avery,” Gideon said, nodding his head politely. “Sebastian.” 
Sebastian turned, his hand still resting on my lower back. Gideon caught it immediately. 
“You seem well rested,” he said, looking at me. “Considering.” 
“Considering what?” Sebastian asked. 
“All the hard work she’s done this week.” Gideon’s eyes glimmered. “I ran into her in the greenhouse. She 
was quite taken with her work.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 420
Chapter 420 
“She is right here,” I said. “And yes, I have been working hard.” 
Gideon’s mouth curved. “I hear the children are responding well.” 
“They are,” I said. 
“Must be a relief.” He grabbed a glass of champagne and sipped it. “Getting your hands on the right ingredients made all the difference, I imagine.” 1 
Sebastian glanced at me. 
I smiled at Gideon with all of my teeth at once. “If you’ll excuse us.” 
I took Gideon by the elbow, steered him sideways, and kept moving until we were around the corner of the room near a set of floor-length curtains where the noise from the band would make it hard to be overheard. 
I let go of his arm. “Stop it.” 
“Stop what?” he asked. 
“You know what.” 
“I really don’t.” He tilted his head. “You’re going to have to be specific.” 
“Gideon. Are you drunk already?” 
“So what if I am? It is a party, after all.” 
I pinched the bridge of my nose and shut my eyes. “I swear, Gideon…” 
“I’m not going to say anything to anyone, if that’s what you’re worried about.” He lifted one shoulder. “It’s our little secret. I have no interest in telling your so-called husband about what happened in the greenhouse.” 
“He is my husband.” 
“Sure.” He glanced down, and his finger came up and traced slowly along my collarbone, just above the neckline of the gown. “This is beautiful, by the way.” 
My jaw tightened, 
“Someone like Sebastian,” he continued, thumb coming up to touch my chin, “I’m not sure he really appreciates something like this the way it deserves.” 
I pulled back just before his thumb touched my lip. My hand came up fast and stopped about four inches from his face before I caught myself, leaving my palm hovering, trembling slightly. 
Gideon looked at my raised hand, then at me, and smiled. “Go ahead,” he said, tilting his face a little. “Hit 
1/2 
Chapter 470 
+25 Bonus 
I probably deserve it, right?” 
I lowered my hand and growled in my chest. “Go enjoy the party,” I said. 
“I am enjoying the party.” He leaned against the wall, kicking one ankle over the other. “How can I not, when you’re blushing at me like that?” 
I grimaced and glanced at the nearby window. Indeed, my reflection stared back at me-cheeks so red it looked like I was about to blow a gasket. I took a deep breath and looked back at Gideon. 
He was still smiling at me. 
All the while, my wolf, the traitor, was practically purring with satisfaction. 
“Don’t bother me for the rest of the night,” I said, and turned and walked back to Sebastian before Gideon could say anything else. I bit down on my lower lip to keep from smiling back at him. 
Sebastian looked at me when I returned, opening his mouth to say something, but I grabbed his arm before he could and pulled him onto the dancefloor so roughly that he stumbled. 
“Woah.” His hand settled on my waist. “You okay?” 
“Fine,” I said. “Just… wanted to dance.” 
Sebastian smiled slightly. “Well, I was wondering if you would ever ask.” 
I rolled my eyes but smiled back, and Sebastian led me into an easy, slow waltz. The crowd twirled around us, moving in time with the delicate strains of the string quartet playing on the small stage. Above us, the stars being projected against the ceiling twinkled like the real thing. 
As we moved, I began to relax just a little. Sebastian tugged me closer, and I let him. I rested my chin on his arm and looked around at the other guests, taking in the fine gowns, the glittering jewelry, and the perfectly-cut tuxedos. 
I told myself I wasn’t looking for Gideon amongst those faces, but my wolf and I knew exactly what I was really doing. 
It was then that I saw her. Dark hair. Red lips. A sleek black gown that trailed behind her a foot, forcing people to step over it. 
“Fiona’s here?” I pulled my head back. “I thought she wasn’t invited.” 
Comments 
? 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 421
Chapter 421 
Avery’s POV 
“Fiona?” Sebastian furrowed his brow. “No, I didn’t add her to the guest list.” 
“Well, she’s here.” I nodded my chin in her direction. Sebastian followed it and sighed. 
“Do you want me to have her removed?” he asked. 
I looked at him. “Is that possible?” 
“Well, yes, but… If I have her removed, it could cause a scene. And if it gets back to her father, it would probably be a headache for all of us.” 
I watched Fiona cut through the crowd like a perfectly-honed knife. Her eyes moved sharply over the sea of guests, and I knew she was looking for one person in particular. 
Gideon. 
Well. At least that would keep them both occupied. Besides, Bjorn wasn’t here tonight; Claire had come to visit again, and was entertaining him in a quiet area of the house, as the party didn’t allow children. He was my main concern when it came to Fiona. 
“It’s fine,” I said, looking back up at Sebastian. “I’ll just stay out of her way.” 
I went to move away, but Sebastian caught me by the arm and pulled me back. I stumbled into his chest, having to grip his biceps with both hands to keep from tripping on my dress. 
“Sebastian!” I hissed. 
His mouth quirked. “You know what your problem is?” 
“Since when do I have a problem?” 
“You’re already letting outside forces impact your night.” He pulled me back into the dance, his hand tightening on my waist in a way that indicated he wasn’t going to let me go. “Loosen up a little. It’ll be fine. I’m here.” 
I flushed. “I am loose.” 
“Are you?” Sebastian spun us faster, making me trip again. “Seems to me like you’re moving like your limbs are made of sledgehammers.” 
“Oh, for the love of…” 
“Come on, Avery.” Sebastian was grinning now as we spun faster again, turning the rest of the dancefloor into a blur around us. “I know you want to smile. Can’t we have a nice time together? Just for tonight?” He leaned in a little and dropped his voice. “We did promise to put on a good show as a ‘married ‘couple. The least we could do is laugh a little.” 
1/2 
Crapte 42 
+25 Bonus 
“You’re impossible,” I said, but I was smiling now. 
“There it is!” Sebastian laughed. “You look beautiful when you smile. I’d like to see more of it. Less of you being so serious all the time.” 
“I’m not-” 
“You are.” Sebastian, releasing his grip on my waist, twirled me then so fast that I didn’t have time to catch myself. By the time I came back against his chest, where he caught me easily, my cheeks ached from grinning. 
“Alright, alright,” I laughed, tilting my head back. “You got me. I’ll be good for the rest of the night.” 
“No,” Sebastian said. “Don’t be good. Be positively awful and laugh all the while.” 
His expression softened then as the tempo of the music slowed, and our steps began to still. 
“It’s a good look on you,” he murmured. 
Fiona’s POV 
The banquet hall was even more impressive than I remembered from the last one. 
I moved through the entrance slowly, taking it all in. The ceiling projected a night sky, and everything was lit warm and gold, white roses on every surface. The room was full and loud, the walls practically packed with guests. 
However, despite the sheer size of the crowd, I spotted Avery almost immediately. 
She was on the dance floor with Sebastian, laughing with her head thrown back. Her gown caught the light every time she moved, deep blue against the candlelight. Her hair was loose and her smile was radiant, and the laugh that came out of her carried across the room easily despite the noise. 
I looked away from her and found Gideon right away. 
He was standing near the far wall with a glass in his hand, and he was looking directly at Avery. His jaw was set, and although his expression was carefully neutral, I could see the glimmer of jealousy in his 
eyes. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 422
Chapter 422 
He never looked at me like that. Not once. 
And then Avery turned her head while she was dancing, just briefly, and her eyes found Gideon across the room, and I saw her smile stretch just a little further. 
My stomach dropped. 
So it wasn’t just Gideon. She was doing it too. Whatever was happening between them had escalated. 
I’d had a suspicion ever since I found her in the woods last week, harvesting the same plant that I had cut just a few moments prior. But I’d chosen to give her the benefit of the doubt, because she had made it so clear that she wasn’t reciprocating Gideon’s affection for her. 
I was wrong. It seemed to me now, as I watched their gazes lock across the room, that she had the same 
idea I did. 
If that was true, then I had very little time. By the end of tonight, if Avery got to him first with that aphrodisiac and seduced him before I could, then it was over. Everything Katya had helped me plan would be meaningless. 
The powder had taken me two days to make. I had followed Katya’s instructions exactly, double-checked everything, and the result was a fine, pale, nearly invisible powder that dissolved in liquid without leaving a trace. I had tested it in a glass of water in my room just to be sure. 
I stood near the drinks table and waited. A server moved through the crowd with a tray of champagne, weaving toward Gideon. I flagged him down before he got there, pressed the folded paper into his palm along with a sizable wad of cash, and murmured the instructions once, quietly. 
He glanced at me, glanced at the money, and moved on without a word. 
I watched him cross the room with my heart in my throat. 
Watched him stop beside Gideon, offer a glass of champagne. Watched as Gideon took it. 
The thing I hadn’t let myself think about all week came up again now, briefly, uncomfortably… The image of Gideon’s face in the morning, confused and betrayed. I knew what Katya had said, that he would be enamored, that the bond would make him forget. 
But there was a small part of me that hadn’t sat right with this whole plan since its conception. 
Seducing an older man was one thing. My father had made sure I understood that that would one day be necessary since I was very young. 
But drugging him? 
It was already bad enough that I had lured a child into the forest and nearly gotten him killed. This felt just as wrong on a fundamental level. 
Caplex: 422 
+25 Bonus 
It was too late, anyway. And besides, what else was I supposed to do? My one mission in life was to make this marriage happen. So I needed to make it happen. 
I watched Gideon take a sip from the glass. 
It didn’t take long. Just a few seconds after he took his second sip. He furrowed his brow and smacked his lips and looked into his glass. He was already swaying on his feet. 
I began to move. 
But before I could reach him, someone else appeared at his side. A woman. Dark hair, sharp features, a red cocktail gown that hugged every curve. 
Katya. 1 
I froze, watching as she touched his arm and said something. He nodded, then let her guide him away. 
What the hell? Why was Katya stepping in now, when it was supposed to be time for me to make my move? I took a step, trying to follow them, but just then, a figure stepped in my way. 
Colt, Sebastian’s Beta, looked down at me. “Fiona,” he said. “Fancy seeing you here.” 
“I’m sorry Colt, but I have to go.” I tried to move past him, but he moved into my path again. And then I saw Gideon and Katya slip through the door, and then they were gone. 1 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 423
Chapter 423 
Gideon’s POV 1 
Something was wrong. Very wrong. 
My wolf had been going wild all night. Even just breathing in the air around Avery made him howl, that familiar bond pulling me toward her like she was holding the other end of a red string tightly around her fist and yanking whenever she felt like it. 
This was different. It wasn’t the dull, aching throb of a bond that wanted to pull taut. It was slow and foggy, like steam rolling off a pool of hot water. It clouded my vision and filled my lungs and my nose and it made it hard to breathe. 
It started small at first. I lifted my head and turned, and the room spun. Just a little. A person walking by left a dark trail in their wake. My senses sharpened, and all of the women’s perfume in the air suddenly felt cloying and completely consuming. 
I couldn’t explain where it had come from or why it was happening or the reason behind why it made my loins suddenly feel hot. 
I just knew that I needed her. 
Avery. 
I had always wanted her, of course. Ever since the moment we met, and especially since our last run-in in the greenhouse. She was all I could think about, filling every sinew of my being like a drug, and now… 
Now, she was irresistible. 
My eyes sought her out amongst the crowd. This must be the pull of the full moon, I thought; she has to feel it too. She has to- 
“Gideon.” 
A low, female voice pulled me out of my thoughts. I felt a hand on my arm and startled, turning to see a woman standing beside me. In the haze that had taken over my vision, I couldn’t make out her features. The way she angled her face downward, chin tucked, eyes looking up at me through her brows made it 
hard to see her. 
“Come with me,” she said. 
Before I could react, she was pulling me away. 
I wasn’t sure why, but I let her guide me out of the bustling ballroom and into a quieter hallway, where the lighting was dim and the air was less heavy with the scents of dozens of different types of perfume. 
Now, it was just her. 
She walked ahead of me, holding my hand, hips swaying, long hair trailing over her shoulder. 
1/4 
Chapter 423 
+25 Bonus 
be her. She knew she couldn’t stay away from me, not forever. I just had to tell her now that I loved her, 
and- 
The sliver of moonlight from the curtain fell across her features, and my wolf went dead silent. 
The nose was different. The chin was different. Everything about her face, in fact, was different. 
But the eyes. 
Even behind the brown contacts, even with everything else changed, I had looked into those eyes too many times to mistake them. 
Deirdre. 
I shoved her off my lap so hard she fell onto the floor. 
“You’re alive.” I was already on my feet, although my legs wobbled, threatening to give out. “You’re—” I stared at her. “What did you do to your face?” 
Deirdre stood, breathing hard, and looked at me with those unmistakable eyes. She didn’t look sorry. She looked calculating, even now, even when she had just been caught red-handed. 
“Gideon,” she said. “Just let me explain-” 
“You put something in my drink.” 
“No, it actually wasn’t me. Let me explain.” 
“Get away from me.” 
She moved fast. Faster than I expected given the heels she was wearing. She crossed the distance between us and grabbed the front of my shirt and yanked me down to her level. In my impaired state, I tried to shove her again, but my hands just caught her breasts. 
“Just mark me,” she hissed. Her fingers dug into my collar. “Right now, quickly, and this is all over. Everything will go back to the way it was supposed to be.” 
I grabbed her wrists. “Get your hands off of me.” 
“Gideon-” 
Three knocks came on the door then. 
“Alpha?” Tegan’s voice echoed through the wood. “You in there? Everything alright?” 
“Shit.” Deirdre cursed under her breath and let go of me with a shove that sent me back onto the sofa. Her eyes went to the door, then to the window. She crossed to the window, threw it open, and was through it before I could say another word. 
The door opened. Tegan stepped in, took one look at me, and stopped. 
I must have looked insane. My shirt was open, hair mussed, and I could feel the sticky caking of lipstick 
3/4 
Chapter 423 
+25 Bonus 
all over my face. 
“Alpha.” Tegan looked around the empty room. “What happened? Are you alright?” 
I pressed my hand to my forehead. The heat was still throbbing through my skull, radiating outwards. Downwards. Pooling in an area that I couldn’t deny. 
“I need Avery,” I said. My words came out thick, slurred, but certain. “Get Avery. Now.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 424
Chapter 424 
Avery’s POV 
The dancing helped. For a little while, at least. 
Sebastian had a way of making things feel lighter, and by the time we had spun through our third song, my cheeks ached from laughing and I had almost forgotten about the greenhouse, and Gideon, and the way my wolf had been clawing at the walls of my heart like a rabid animal all evening. 
Almost. 
But not quite. 
She wanted Gideon. That was all that mattered. Despite everything that had happened between us, none 
of it mattered a lick to my wolf, so long as she got him. 
At first, I tried to focus on dancing with Sebastian. Then, I tried to focus on drinks and food and laughing at anything and everything. 
None of it helped, of course. The higher the moon climbed into the night sky, the more potent my wolf’s desire for Gideon became. And no matter how hard I tried not to let it happen, my eyes kept drifting toward him, seeking him out in the crowd like an arrow seeking its mark. 
Sebastian and I had moved to one of the tables. He was standing nearby, talking to someone with a drink in his hand while I rested my feet in a chair. I had kicked off my shoes under my gown, feeling the cold tiles beneath my bare feet. 
Around us, the banquet had turned more… frenzied. I watched a couple slip off the dance floor. I saw a man pressing his lips to the mark on his mate’s neck in the middle of a conversation. Off to the side, a woman was pulling her partner by the hand toward the hall. 
The energy in the room had taken on that restless, electric quality that full moon nights always carried, and even the musicians had begun to play with more fervor. 
My eyes instinctively scanned the crowd. I saw movement everywhere, the guests turning into a churning sea that was difficult to make sense of. But I could feel him there, his wolf beckoning to mine. 
Finally, my gaze landed on Gideon. 
My stomach dropped. 
He was leaving the room with another woman. Leaning on her. Slipping out through a side door. It 
Suddenly, without thinking, I was on my feet. Sebastian turned to me in my periphery, but I was too busy staring at the door they had just walked through, now falling shut behind them, to look at him. 
“You alright?” Sebastian asked. 
I shuddered, suddenly snapping back to reality. “Er… Yeah.” I licked my lips and looked around. “I think I 
1/2 
Chapter 424 
+25 Bonus 
just need some air.” 
Sebastian quirked a brow, clearly noticing that something was wrong, but he knew not to press the matter right now. Quietly excusing myself, I walked away from the table, forgetting about my shoes entirely, and made my way over to the side door leading out to the courtyard. 
Pushing out into the night air, I felt like I could breathe again. The breeze was a soothing balm against my hot face, the grass soft and dewy between my bare toes. I stood there just beyond the colonnade for a moment, tilting my face up toward the moon, and shut my eyes as I listened to the soft sounds of laughter and voices coming from around the courtyard. 
When I composed myself enough, I opened my eyes again and looked around. 
I wasn’t alone, of course. The courtyard was full of people, mostly couples, wandering between the rose bushes and lingering near the fountain. A couple was leaning beneath the magnolia tree, locked in an embrace that seemed to be teetering on the edge of propriety already. 
I huffed out a small breath, picking up my skirt, and made my way over toward the fountain. The water misted slightly into the air, tickling the side of my face as I sat on the cool stone. 
For a moment I just sat there, forcing myself to breathe as if that could somehow make my wolf stop roiling in my chest. I knew I shouldn’t have cared if Gideon found another woman at the banquet; if anything, it should have come as a relief. I was just surprised it wasn’t Fiona. 
And yet… 
I didn’t want Gideon. I had told myself that so many times over the past weeks that it had started to feel like a mantra. I didn’t want him; I feared him. 
I feared what he represented-the version of myself that had been naive enough to love someone who kept her at arm’s length for years. Feared what would happen to my son if things went wrong. Feared the parts of myself that had never fully healed from the last time. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 425
Chapter 425 
That fear was real, and it had kept me alive for a decade, and I wasn’t just going to forget it because of one full moon and a kiss. 
But no matter how hard I tried to push it down, that pull remained. The way he had looked at me from across the dance floor tonight, like there was no one else in the room worth looking at. The way I’d 
looked back. 
I thought about the greenhouse, and his hands on my waist, and the fact that even now, all I could notice was the other couples around me, fresh marks and old ones renewed by the silvery pull of the full moon, and how I wished that were me. 
I pressed the heel of my hand against my temple and sighed. It was just the full moon talking; I knew that. My wolf was in heat right now, but come morning, I knew I would likely wake up full of 
embarrassment. 
At least it was better than waking up with regrets. 
“You’re going to freeze.” 
I turned. Sebastian was coming toward me. His jacket was off and folded over his arm. He held it out to 
me as he approached. 
I took it. “Thanks.” I pulled it around my shoulders, grateful for the warmth. 
He came to sit beside me and shot me a sidelong glance. “Gideon?” he guessed. 
“My wolf,” I said at first. Then, more honestly, “Yeah. Gideon.” 
Sebastian was quiet for a moment. He tucked his hands into his pockets, stretching his legs out in front 
of us with one ankle crossed over the other, and tilted his face up toward the moon. 
“I saw her, too,” he said. “The woman he left with.” 
I said nothing. 
“You don’t have to explain yourself, Avery. It’s a full moon. Your mate is in the same building.” He glanced at me again. “You would have to be made of stone not to feel it.” 
“Well, then I’d like to be made of stone.” 
“I know.” 
I exhaled through my nose and stared at the tree line. “It’s not fair.” 
I felt Sebastian looking at the side of my face. “Sometimes mate bonds aren’t fair,” he said after a moment. “I know from experience.” 
Right. Sometimes I forgot that Sebastian’s past was full of heartbreak, too. He and Melissa were fated, and that didn’t work out. 
1/2 
Chapter 425 
+25 Bonus 
“But,” he said, turning to look at me more fully, “there’s something we could do about it. If you want.” 
I frowned. “What do you mean?” 
Sebastian opened his mouth, but before he could respond, a low voice called out, “Avery?” 
We both turned. Gideon’s Beta, Tegan, had appeared a few steps away. 
“Avery.” He came over quickly. “I need you to come with me.” 
I turned back to Sebastian. “We were right in the middle of something.” 
“I know. I’m sorry.” Tegan stopped a few feet away, and I could see from the set of his jaw that whatever this was, it was serious. I knew him well enough to know that. “It won’t take long. I just need you to come check on something.” 
“Check on what?” I asked. “If this is about Gideon-” 
“Please.” He met my eyes. “It’ll only take a minute.” 
I looked at Sebastian. He gave me a small nod, a quiet promise that I would be safely watched in case anything went wrong. I was always safe here. 
“Fine,” I said. I handed Sebastian his jacket. He hesitated, then took it, our fingers lightly touching as he did. Then, I turned and followed Tegan back into the house, leaving the garden and the moon and the conversation behind. 
He led me away from the banquet, down a quieter corridor, past the sound of the music until the party noise was muffled and distant behind us. The hallway was dim, lit only by a lamp further down the wall, and Tegan stopped outside a closed door and reached for the handle. 
“In here,” he said. 
I stepped through. 
The room was small and dark, lit only by the thin strip of moonlight cutting in through the gap in the curtains. I could make out the shape of a sofa, a chair, a low table. And on the sofa, I saw a figure. 
Shirt open, hair disheveled, leaning back on the sofa with his arms spread wide against the cushions. 
“Avery.” Gideon’s voice came out thick and slurred. When he saw me standing there, he held his hand out for me. “Avery… I need you.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
272 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 426
Chapter 426 
Avery’s POV 
“Gideon?” I took a step into the room. “You look like shit.” 
Gideon just snorted and sank a little deeper into the cushions like an ice cream cone melting in the sun. He looked half deflated, like he might disappear into the sofa. His cheeks were flushed bright red and his hair was completely disheveled and his shirt was partially open, revealing the bristly hairs curling against his chest. 
I turned, looking at Tegan with a lifted brow. The Beta scratched his head, at least having the decency to look a little sheepish for bringing me here without a real explanation. 
“I think someone drugged him,” he said. 
“What? Who?” I asked. 
“I don’t know.” We both looked at Gideon, who was now humming along to the faint strains of the music drifting up through the house, waving his fingers in the air like a conductor. Tegan sighed. “Anyway, he was asking for you. I didn’t know what else to do, so… He seemed like he just needed you here.” 
I stared at Tegan, then back at Gideon. The latter smiled. 
“I needed you,” he slurred. “Only you, baby.” 
I rolled my eyes, but moved over to him. Carefully perching on the edge of the sofa, I reached out and put the back of my hand against his forehead. I winced at the heat I felt there and pulled my hand back. 
“He’s burning up.” I looked up at Tegan. “Get me some ice water.” I paused, then, thinking about the freshly snipped stalks at the base of the aphrodisiac plant, I added, “And tell Sebastian to keep an eye on Fiona tonight.” 
“Fiona?” Tegan blinked. “You think…” 
“I don’t know. Just… covering all my bases.” I looked at Gideon again. His cheeks were flushed, and he had that gleam in his eyes that I knew all too well. I tried not to look down, but it was also hard not to notice the way his pants were tenting slightly at 
the crotch. 
I flushed and looked back at Tegan. “I think he was affected by a very specific aphrodisiac that I believe Fiona was collecting the other day. Just tell Sebastian to keep an eye on her tonight.” 
Tegan nodded and left to do just that. Alone, I turned back to Gideon. He was staring at me, his eyes half-lidded and foggy but wholly focused on me. 
“Where’s the woman you were with?” I blurted out. 
His upper lip curled a little. “So you saw that, huh?” He traced his finger across the inner pulse point of my wrist, making me shiver. “Didn’t know you were watching me so closely all night.” 
I rolled my eyes and swatted his hand away, although I was blushing now. I could feel the heat forming in my face already, likely mirroring the crimson darkening his own cheeks. 
“Just want to know if she was involved in drugging you,” I said. 
“Ah. Yeah. Probably. It was Deirdre.” 
I pulled my head back. “What? Deirdre?” I blinked. “Deirdre’s dead, Gideon. You said so yourself.” 
Gideon, for his part, was already humming along to the music again. I stared at him for a moment, waiting for an explanation, but it seemed I wasn’t going to get one. 
A moment later, Tegan returned with a bowl of ice water and a small hand towel, I took them from him, soaked the cloth and 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
wrung it out. 
“Did you find Sebastian?” I asked. 
He nodded. 
“Go back and tell him that Deirdre might be here.” 
“Deirdre?” Tegan stared at me. “As in… Deirdre Deirdre?” 
“Yes. That Deirdre.” 
Tegan quickly left then, shutting the door behind him. 1 
Gideon watched all of this like he was watching it through swimming goggles. When I pressed the damp cloth to his forehead,” he shut his eyes and let out a slow breath through his nose. 
“Better?” I asked. 
“Mm.” 
I kept the cloth there for a few moments, resting my elbow on my knee. The strip of moonlight from the curtain had shifted slightly and now fell across his legs. Outside, faintly, I could still hear the music from the banquet. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 427
Chapter 427 
“Your dress really is pretty,” Gideon muttered, pinching a piece of the dark blue fabric between his fingers. “It suits you. You were always a nighttime person.” As he spoke, his hand rested on my knee through the layers of silk and tulle. 
I pushed his hand away with my free one. “Don’t start, Gideon.” 
He huffed. “Why are you so cold to me?” 
I glanced at him. His eyes were still closed, and for a moment I thought he might be speaking gibberish again. But then he turned his face toward me slightly, and I could see he was actually looking at me, his eyes so heavily lidded that I almost hadn’t noticed they were open a slit. 
I considered deflecting. It would have been easy. He was delirious enough that I could say just about anything and he probably. wouldn’t remember it come morning. 
That was exactly why I didn’t deflect. 
“Because I’m afraid of you,” I said. 
“You’re… what? Why?” Gideon lifted his head a little, although it quickly fell back down onto the cushions. “I’ve never raised a hand to you.” 
“Not like that,” I clarified. “I’m… afraid of what you represent.” I swallowed. “A prison.” 
Gideon stared at me like I’d just slapped him. 1 
I took the cloth away and soaked it again, wrung it out, then put it back. “The last time I was with you, I spent years waiting for you to love me. Actually love me, not just keep me around because I was useful.” I looked at his face. “You never said it. Not once. Not in private, not when it was just the two of us and there was no one around to perform for. And after a while, I started to think that you didn’t.” 
Gideon’s brow creased. “Is that why you left? Because you didn’t think I loved you?” 
My jaw tightened. Of course there was more to it than that, but he still didn’t know Bjorn was his child, and I didn’t want to get into that right now. 1 
“I left because I couldn’t stay and keep pretending it didn’t bother me,” I said. “I couldn’t be your Luna, standing beside you, knowing that you had only picked me because I was your mate and not because you actually wanted me there. I couldn’t spend the rest of my life trapped in a gilded cage where my entire existence was putting on pretty dresses and pretending I was happy when I was married to a man who couldn’t even say he loved me.” I sat back. “I still can’t do that. I won’t.” 
He opened his eyes fully then. They were still glassy, but there was something underneath the fog that looked like it actually 
hurt. 
“I did want you there,” he said. 
“Well, then you had a strange way of showing it.” 
“Avery-” 
“Say it, then.” I looked at him straight on. “If I’m wrong, then say it.” 
“I did say it,” he protested. “That day outside the restaurant, with Fiona there, I said- 
“Just say it now, while it’s only the two of us in this room and there’s nothing to gain from it.” 
Gideon looked at me. 
The silence stretched out long enough that I had my answer. I stood, setting the cloth over the edge of the bowl. “Get some rest,” I said. “Tegan’s right outside.” 
1/2 
Chosen 437 
It was when I went to pick up the bowl that his hand closed around my wrist. 
I froze, turning to him. His grip was firm, not painful, but steady and not letting up. 
“Avery,” he said, “I love you. I love you, Avery.” He took a breath. “I love you.” 
? 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2/2 
+25 Bonus 
1 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 428
Chapter 428 
Fiona’s POV 2 
It took me a good while to slip away from Colt. He seemed awfully dedicated to taking up my time tonight, despite the fact that I was making every effort to make it clear that I was disinterested in a conversation. 
Finally, while he was briefly distracted by me “accidentally” bumping into a waiter and making him drop his tray all over the floor, I managed to sneak away. 
My first instinct was to follow Katya and Gideon. But just as I was hurrying down the hall that I’d seen them enter, I spotted Tegan, Gideon’s Beta, rushing toward me. I just barely managed to slip into a small alcove before he spotted me. 
“Tegan?” Sebastian’s voice came from the end of the hall. “What’s going on?” 
“Have you found Fiona?” 
My stomach dropped. 
“Not yet. My Beta said he lost track of her.” 
“Well, apparently now we need to be looking for Deirdre.” 
“Deirdre… As in…” 
“Yes. That Deirdre.” 
I held my breath until their voices faded down the corridor. Only once I was certain they were gone did I poke my head out from the alcove and look around. The corridor was empty. 
So. They were looking for me-which meant that the drugging had been discovered. 
Deirdre, on the other hand… The name rang a bell, but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. Whoever she was, I just hoped she would distract the others long enough for me to get the hell out of dodge. 
Picking up my skirts, I hurried down the hall in the opposite direction Tegan and Sebastian had gone. At the end of the corridor was an intersection going four ways, and I stopped, turning quickly to figure out which way to go. 
“Fiona!” 
The sound of Katya’s voice made me turn. I spotted her rushing toward me, her face pale. 
“Katya.” I stormed up to her. Pulled my hand back to slap her. “You left with Gideon. He was supposed to be mine—” 
“Oh, please.” She swatted my hand out of her face like it was nothing. “Gideon never would have wanted an inexperienced little girl like you. It was always supposed to be me.” 
I blinked. “What?” 1 
“I’ve been in hiding for ten years, kid. I wouldn’t come back just to help a child get in bed with the man who’s supposed to be mine. Now, if I were you, I’d get the hell out of here before they find you, because we’ll both be royally fucked it they do ” 
I opened my mouth, but Katya shoved past me before I could speak, making me stumble back. I watched as she hurried down the corridor in a rush of red fabric and dark hair. 
Suddenly, it hit me. 
Deirdre. 
The woman who had been missing for ten years, presumed to be dead, just like Avery Gideon’s ex 
“Oh, fuck,” I whispered, clutching my hair. It was her, wasn’t it? “Katya” was just a pseudonym Deidre had returned, intent 
25 Bonus 
on winning Gideon over, and had only used me as an easy stepping stone to make that happen. 
My gunt churned at the thought. My father and I had both been played. And now I might be the one to take the fall. 
I looked at the direction Katya, or Deirdre, or whatever the hell her name was, had run off to and bit my lip. I could escape now, while Sebastian and Tegan were still looking for her. Go home, try to come up with an alibi. 
But I knew it wouldn’t work. Colt had seen me already, and the way I’d disappeared would seem too suspicious. Not to mention the day Avery saw me in the woods, clearly collecting the same plant she had been. 
An idea struck me then. I’d seen Avery collecting the aphrodisiac, too. Maybe I could pin this on her, frame her for conspiring with Deirdre. Two birds with one stone. Gideon would have no choice but to reward me after that. 2 
Before I could think twice, I was moving in the opposite direction of the exit. 
I wasn’t sure where I was going. I didn’t know how to find Gideon in this enormous house, but I knew I had to. 
I hurried through corridor after corridor, the floorplan of the house turning into a dizzying maze the further I went. Eventually, I found myself in a narrow, dark hallway, and at the end of it, I heard voices. 
The deep timbre of Gideon’s voice made me exhale with relief. I hurried toward it, already rehearsing what I was going to say. 
I stopped outside a dark wood door and smoothed down my skirt, composing myself. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
GET IT 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 429
Chapter 429 
+25 Bonus 
“Gideon, I came as soon as I could,” I would say. “I saw Avery collecting aphrodisiac plants in the forest. I should have told you sooner – ” 
“Avery. I love you.” 
I froze. 
Silence fell inside the room. My hand, which had been reaching for the doorknob, hovered midair. 
“You don’t mean that,” Avery whispered. 
“I do.” Gideon’s voice sounded more certain now. “I love you, Avery. I always have. And I’m sorry that I didn’t make it clear enough before. I’m sorry that I pushed you away because I was too much of a coward to say it out loud.” 
My heart cracked. My hand fell back to my side, and I took a step back, shaking my head. Avery and Gideon’s voices faded, or maybe that was just the blood rushing through my ears and blocking it out. 
He loved her. And the way he said it… 
He meant it. 
In an instant, everything I’d planned in the last ten minutes turned to dust. I thought about Avery and Gideon together, locked in an embrace, their mate bond-the bond that had never gone away, not after ten years of pain and separation-bolstered by the light of the full moon like so many others in this place. 
I thought about how, not once, had it ever occurred to me that maybe I had a mate out there somewhere. That maybe, just maybe, I could be like one of the guests at this banquet, dancing and laughing and hearing those words spoken to me instead of 
another. 1 
I love you. 
Eighteen years. I was eighteen years old with the whole world ahead of me, the typical age that most people found their mates and marked each other for life. For a woman like me, it should have been simple. A happily ever after to last the ages. 
But ever since I was a child, I’d been told by my father that the most important thing, far more important than love or a mate, was marrying the right person. That my one and only duty in life was to ensure the future of our line by marrying an Alpha with prestige, money, and resources. 
Nothing else mattered. Not humiliating another woman. Not humiliating myself. Even the guilt of luring a ten year old child into a hostile terrain before a storm paled in comparison to my duty. 
But… did it? 
I bit down on my tongue, forcing back the tears that had begun to prick at the backs of my eyes. 
Deirdre was a well-known criminal in the packs. As if it wasn’t bad enough I had nearly gotten a little boy killed, I was now associated with her. Scheming to drug a man all for the sake of my father’s ambitions. 
Goddess, what had I done? 
Meanwhile, no matter what dirty tactics I had resorted to, Gideon would always love Avery. That much was clear She didn’t need the aphrodisiac he would have taken her as his wife any day, regardless of anything else 
And I was a fool for thinking it could be any other way 
I didn’t realize I had begun walking. At some point, though, I had turned away from the room and left them there, no longer rushing through the corridors but staring at the tiles beneath my feet as all of these thoughts raced through my mind, ultimately coming to the same conclusion. 
+25 Bonus 
I didn’t want to do this anymore. The scheming, the plotting, hurting others and myself, and for what? For a man twenty years my senior who never wanted me to begin with? 
I could have spent tonight seeking my mate. I could have been dancing and drinking and laughing like all of the other women 
my age. 
Tonight could have been extraordinary. 
But it wasn’t. 
I wasn’t sure what I was going to do next. I knew that, ultimately, coming home to my father and telling him I wasn’t goign to do this anymore wouldn’t end well. For now, I just knew I needed to leave this party. 
I didn’t make it that far. 
“There you are.” Colt’s familiar voice stopped me in my tracks, and I looked up to see him approaching me. He wasn’t alone. Two Evergreen pack guards were flanking him, their eyes hard and unrelenting. 
I looked over my shoulder. There, at the other end of the hall, I saw Tegan closing in on me as well, blocking my escape. 
My heart pounded, but I pulled my shoulders back, waiting for the inevitable. There was nowhere to run. Not anymore. 
“Fiona,” Colt said as the guards closed in on me, handcuffs rattling, “you are under arrest.” 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 430
Chapter 430 
Avery’s POV 
“I love you, Avery.” He said it again but more slowly, like he wanted to make sure each word landed with the equal amount of pressure. “I always have. And I’m sorry that I didn’t make it clear enough before. I’m sorry that I pushed you away because I was too much of a coward to say it out loud.” 
I looked at his hand on my wrist. Then at his face. 
His eyes were still glassy, pupils still wide open, a deep flush still coloring his face from the aphrodisiac burning through his system. I wanted to believe him, but looking at me like he was trying to figure out if there was one or two of me wasn’t making it 
easy. 
“Gideon,” I said, “you’re high.” 1 
“I still know what I’m saying.” 
“That’s what everyone says when they’re not sober enough to mean it,” I muttered. 
“I couldn’t stop thinking about you after what happened in the greenhouse, you know. I tried. Believe me, I tried.” He dragged his lower lip through his teeth. “You’ve been driving me out of my mind since… honestly, since the moment we met ten years ago.” 
I rolled my eyes and pulled my wrist away. “You might desire my body right now because of the drugs and the full moon, but that doesn’t mean you love me.” 1 
“Why not?” 
I pressed my lips together and didn’t answer that. And yet, I still hadn’t left the room. We both noticed that. 
“Well?” Gideon nodded toward the door. “Are you going to run away?” 1 
“Should I?” 
He opened his mouth, hesitating, then looked at the floor and said, “Maybe you should.” 
I blinked, surprised. 
“Your husband is somewhere in this house,” muttered. “And I’m not going to do something you’ll regret in the morning. 
That’s not what I want.” 1 
For a long moment I just stood there, watching him stare at the floorboards with his shirt hanging open and his hair a complete disaster, and I thought about how easy it would be to just walk out the door. The banquet was still going on downstairs. Sebastian was waiting for me with an unfinished conversation and a solution to my little “problem” that he hadn’t gotten to 
explain yet. 
The sensible thing, obviously, was to leave, just like Gideon said, 
I almost did. I picked up my skirt with one hand and the bowl with another and took a step toward the door 
But then my wolf started to howl. I could feel her pulling at the inside of my chest like a dog at the other end of a leash Her heels dug into the ground and she pulled back so hard it made me stagger a step 2 
I froze. 
“What are you doing?” I asked. 
“We can’t leave him. Not like this. Not again 
“You know this isn’t good for us.” 
“I know exactly what we need!” 
+25 Bonus 
Suddenly, I felt it again. Another yank, this one sending me stumbling backwards like someone had shoved against my chest The bowl slipped from my fingers and cracked against the floor, sending a puddle of ice cold water splashing across the front of my dress. 
I gasped as I felt a solid frame catch me. Gideon’s arms wrapped around me from behind, and then he was teetering backwards too with a grunt, and we both fell back against the sofa in a tangle of limbs. 
The moment we fell, the heat came on fast. It started low in my hips and spread outward. I recognized that familiar sensation immediately. The intense desire, the same desire I had felt in the greenhouse but even more potent despite not having a literal aphrodisiac in my system. 
Gideon’s arms tightened around my waist. His breath fanned across my neck, hot and ragged, and I knew he’d felt the shift, too The intertwining of our souls in a way we hadn’t felt in ten years. 
Slowly, I turned my head to look at him. He had me pressed to his chest, my back to his front. His eyes met mine, our faces so close our cheeks brushed as I turned. He smelled like champagne and another woman’s perfume, and it made my wolf snarl and drive my hips closer to his on instinct. 
“Avery.” Gideon’s voice was thick and deep. “What are you doing?” 
My lips parted, but we both knew I had no answer for that. On a conscious level, I wasn’t doing anything. I should have left. Ended the night before I made a mistake that I would most certainly come to regret in the morning. 
But right now, all I could think about was kissing him. 
So I did. 
I turned in his arms and slanted my mouth across his, and he returned the kiss with equal fervor. There was no hesitation in the way he wrapped his arms tightly around me and pulled me into his lap. I straddled him and sat my hips down and we both groaned at the contact, and yet neither of us bothered to pull back. 
“Avery.” My name was a prayer on his lips as I hiked the layers of damp skirts up around my hips and reached down, fumbling for his belt. “Are you sure this is a good idea?” 
“Why?” I glanced up at him as my fingers worked at his belt, then the button and finally the zipper of his trousers. “Are you thinking of backing out?” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
GETIE 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 431
Chapter 431 
“No.” 
“Good.” His member sat heavily in my palm, warm and thick and just as familiar as it had been ten years ago, that night when we met in the forest and didn’t even see each other’s faces in the shadows. It filled me just the same as it had back then, swift and deliberate and oh so delicious. 
Gideon groaned low in his throat, head falling back against the back of the sofa as I sat all the way down on him. I bit my lip and shut my eyes, feeling the stretch of my inner walls around his cock. His fingers slipped up beneath my skirts and dug almost painfully into the soft flesh of my hips, making a little whimper come out of me. 
Deep down, a small voice in the back of my head told me to stop-that this was wrong, too hasty, that I would regret it all in the morning, once the full moon had been replaced by the sun and all of my bad decisions would become illuminated. 
But right now, rocking my hips back and forth across Gideon’s lap, with only the moon to light our way, I didn’t care. 
Tomorrow, the regret could come. 
For now, I needed him. My mate. The man I’d secretly been yearning after for ten years on nights just like this, when my wolf howled and no one else could satisfy me in the way he could. 
“Avery-” He said my name again, but I cut it off with an open-mouthed kiss that had us both groaning in tandem. He understood-no talking. Talking would only make things worse, less manageable. 
Gideon’s hands came up to the neckline of my dress. His fingers brushed my cleavage almost tentatively, but when he tugged on the fabric, it stayed put. 
I didn’t think. I reached up and grabbed at the fabric and yanked. Hard. It came off, seams popping. My breasts spilled out into Gideon’s hands like they’d been yearning for his touch. I felt him cup my breasts, thumbs flicking across my nipples. 
My movements grew more eager, more erratic, and I tangled my fingers in his hair and drew his face against my breast. His tongue darted out. Lapped at the peaked nipple. I gasped, throwing my head back as his mouth moved up to my collar bone, nipping lightly at the skin as he went, just enough to make me hiss through my teeth but not enough to pierce the flesh. 
When his mouth reached my old mating mark, he shifted then, pressing me down into the couch cushions. I went easily, pulling my legs back for deeper access. My skirts nearly drowned me, and the different angle sent us both spiraling, and he groaned deeper, lower, head ducking as each powerful thrust drove me against the pillows. 
His teeth locked onto my neck again, right where the mating mark still resided. He didn’t bite down, but the touch sent a shudder running through me. A wave of pleasure followed soon after, like his tongue flicking over the old scar was enough to send me over to the edge. 
Gideon noticed, of course. With his mouth still on me, he reached down between my legs, fingers finding my clit with precision. 
“Come for me,” he whispered, voice hollowed by my throat. “Ten years, and all I wanted the whole time was to feel your pussy tightening around me as you come.” 
I let out a small sound that was half pleasure, half distress at the tightening sensation in my groin. Gideon’s fingers expertly swirled around my clit, each stroke of his cock slamming deeper and deeper until I felt like I might burst with the equal pressine of my muscles contracting and his member swelling. 
The peak came hard and quick, and I dug my nails into his back, not caring if I pierced right through the fabric of his shirt My back arched away from the couch, and Gideon wrapped his free arm beneath me, pulling my hips further up from the cushions to get deeper still. Then, he stopped, and just let me feel the pressure and the twitch of his cock as he struggled to hold back his own peak. 
Wave after wave of exquisite ecstasy washed over me. My eyes rolled back, body shuddered. I think I made some sounds that never should have come from a human throat, sounds that I was certain the whole house could hear, but in those moments, I didn’t care. 
+25 Bonus 
Then, with a final, guttural growl and a thrust that was equal parts pain and pleasure, Gideon let go and followed me over the edge. 
I felt the spill of his seed within me, warm and thick and so filling. He gasped, hands pressing into the couch arm above my head, his own head dropping toward his chest as we both heaved together. 
Our movements slowed, then stilled completely. 
Silence followed. The air was punctuated with the scent of sweat and the distant sound of music and laughter. 
The regret hadn’t come yet. Not with Gideon still inside of me, dark eyes slowly lifting to meet mine, lips parted, chest heaving. 
Not yet. Maybe tomorrow. 
Definitely tomorrow. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 432
Chapter 432 
Avery’s POV 
The sun had come up already. The birds were singing outside the window, and the scent of freshly mowed grass was in the air. Nighttime had come to its end, and morning had arrived. 
So did the shame. It came right after I realized that I was still on the couch with my dress rumpled around me and Gideon’s arm was draped over me, his chest slowly rising and falling against my back. 
Slowly, I cracked my eyes open and looked around. Gideon was still sleeping behind me, spooning me with his back against the plush sofa cushions. My dress looked like a wild animal had gotten to it and my muscles felt loose and heavy in all the most 
intimate of places. 
The events of last night came back in a rush. Clearheaded now, I recalled all too well how I had climbed on top of Gideon like I needed to kiss him to breathe. How I had had sex with him, despite every logical voice in my mind telling me not to do it. How I’d fallen asleep in his arms, drunk and exhausted and thinking, foolishly, that I might wake up and find it had all just been a 
dream. 
Well, it wasn’t. He was still here, and I was still in his arms, and the room still smelled like sweat and sex. 
The regret I had predicted arrived right on schedule, although it was quieter than I expected. Less of a crash and more of a slow creep, working its way through my chest like a curling vine. 1 
“I love you, Avery. I always have.” 
Gideon had said those words last night, and I supposed they had hit their mark, because instinct took over and I’d thrown myself at him like a madwoman. I couldn’t entirely blame my wolf, either; she may have given me the initial nudge, but the rest 
was all me. 
At least Gideon had an excuse. He was affected by an aphrodisiac that clouded his judgment. Which was probably also why he said the things he had; not because he truly meant them, but because he was drunk and high and horny and the moon was full and he wanted my body more than anything. 2 
I needed to get out, I decided. Preferably before Gideon woke up. 
Taking care not to wake him, I slowly lifted his arm. He stirred but didn’t open his eyes. I moved with painstaking effort, sliding off the sofa and onto my feet, wincing at the state of the room as I straightened up. The bowl was still on the floor where it had cracked. The damp towel was draped over the edge of the table. 1 
My shoes were nowhere to be found, and I remembered that I had left them in the ballroom. They were probably gone forever now, snatched up by a guest who assumed they’d been abandoned. 
I was just reaching for the doorhandle, trying to turn it without making a sound, when Gideon’s voice startled me. 
“You’re doing it again.” 
I whirled around and pressed my hand to my chest. 
Gideon was awake, sitting up slightly on one elbow, watching me with heavy eyes and his hair pushed sideways from sleep. He blinked and sat up the rest of the way. 
“I was trying not to wake you,” I said. 
“Sure you were.” 
I cleared my throat. “How do you feel?” I found myself asking. “After the drugs, I mean.” 
“Like someone shoved a cigarette down my throat and forced me to swallow it,” he said as he scrubbed a hand over his face. ” But other than that, I feel positively chipper.” 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
I gulped at the implication that what we did last night might be the reason for that. 
He dropped his hand and looked at me. “Listen, Avery, about last night-” 
“Gideon,” I said, “I won’t hold it against you. It was me who was at fault. You were under the influence.” 
“I’m not talking about the sex,” he said. “I mean, I guess I am, but first, I wanted to talk about what I said.” Gideon took a deep breath. “I know you wrote it off as the drugs and the moon and whatever else, but I meant it. I’ve meant it for a long time.” 3 
I looked at him. 
“I was a coward,” he said. “That’s the truth of it. You were right there in front of me and I couldn’t just say I loved you because I was a fucking loser. Well, ten years have passed, and I’m not trying to be as much of a loser now. So I love you, Avery, and it’s not because of some fucking drug.” 
My shoulders sagged a little. 
The problem was that part of me did believe him. A bigger part of me than I expected to find. 
But the other part of me remembered Asher’s camp, and what he had said there, and that part was considerably bigger and darker and angrier and more afraid. 3 
“Thanks for saying that,” I finally said. 
Gideon looked like he had expected me to say more than that. He sat up straighter. “Just… thanks?” he asked. “Nothing in 
return?” 
“What do you expect me to give you?” I asked. 
“Leave Sebastian.” 
I blinked. 
“Come back to me.” He held my gaze. “We can take things slow, but I want you back, Avery. I know you don’t love Sebastian, not like you love me.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
get it 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 433
Chapter 433 
“Loved you,” I corrected quietly. 
Gideon didn’t comment on that part. “Leave him,” he repeated. “Let’s fix this. Please.” 
I was quiet for a moment, working out how to say the next part. Then I just said it. “I’m not married to Sebastian.” 3 
Gideon was quiet. 
“We have an arrangement,” I said. “He offered me protection and a cover story, and I needed both at the time. There’s no marriage.” 
He looked at the floor, then back at me. Something moved across his face that wasn’t quite hurt and wasn’t quite satisfaction. “I figured,” he said flatly. 
“Did you?” 
“A ring doesn’t really mean anything if you and your so-called husband never had a marriage certificate.” 
I tucked my chin. “Wait. Did you look into that?” 
His mouth curved, just slightly, and then it flattened again. “I understand why you did it. I’m not angry.” 
“You stalked me.” 1 
“Can you blame me?” Gideon spread his hands wide. I didn’t have an answer for that. 
Finally, when the silence had stretched on for long enough, I said, “I can’t come back.” 
“Why not?” He tilted his head. “I told you I loved you. What’s stopping us from working the rest out? We’re mates, Avery. You clearly want me just as much as I want you.” His eyes flicked to my dress, where the seams were a little damaged from last night. 
I pulled the neckline of my gown up a little and folded my arms. 
“You want me,” I said. “You want me to be your Luna.” 
“Of course.” 
“Which means that I’d have to set aside my independence, my business, the life I’ve built for ten years—so I can be your trophy 
wife.” 
Gideon’s jaw twitched. “What?” 
“Charity galas,” I said. “Banquets. Providing heirs. Being treated as most highborn women in the packs are-as a pretty thing to put on a shelf and provide status to a man while I have to put aside my own needs and desires.” I looked at my bare feet sticking out from beneath my dress. “I spent ten years building something that was mine. I run a company. I make my own decisions. I answer to no one. I worked too hard for that to hand it over.” 3 
Gideon was quiet for long enough that I looked back up at him. 
“I would never ask you to do any of that,” he said so quietly I almost didn’t hear it. 
“You might say that,” I murmured, “but I haven’t forgotten the way I was slotted into that position while you were still seeking your mate.” 
Gideon’s jaw ticked. 
“So you don’t trust me,” he said. “You think I would just use you as my Luna to bolster my own reputation.” 
“An Alpha needs a Luna if he’s going to be taken seriously,” I said with a shrug. “I’m pretty sure you’ve said some version of those words to me at one point or another.” 
1/2 
Char 
+25 Bonus 
He stood and crossed the room, closing the distance between us in two steps. “Avery.” He cupped my face in his hands, and for a moment, I let him. “All I want is you. Not a Luna who hosts galas. Not a broodmare for the pack line. You. I don’t care about any of the rest of it.” 4 
He sounded like he meant that, too. He sounded exactly the way he had sounded last night, earnest and stripped down and nothing like the composed, controlled Alpha he was everywhere else. 
And maybe he did mean it, right now, in this quiet room with the birds outside and the wreckage of last night still around us. 
But I had heard him say things he meant before, and then watched him say the opposite to someone else entirely when it suited him. I still remembered the words he’d said in Asher’s camp; that he only wanted our child. Not me. Never me. 3 
Slowly, I reached up and touched his hands, then pulled them away from my face. 
“I believe that you want that,” I said. “I just don’t believe it would stay that way.” 
His jaw tightened. “So that’s it, then.” 
“I didn’t say that.” 
He looked at me. 
I had been turning something over in my head since I woke up. It felt wrong and stupid, but my wolf kept tugging on it, insisting that I look at it more closely. 
The truth was, Ist night had been a balm that I had badly needed for a decade. The fact of the matter was this: my wolf still had a fated mate. Gideon. And until that bond broke in one way or another, there would be no soothing it. Especially not on nights like last night, when the moon was full and all of our most natural instincts were at their peak. 
At least, that was what I told myself. Because convincing myself that it was merely a practical idea and not one born of genuine desire was a lot easier than the alternative. 
“I don’t want a relationship,” I said. “Not officially. Not with everything that comes attached to it.” I held his gaze. “But the full moon is every month.” 
Gideon stared at me. 
“We could have this,” I said. “Once a month. No more, no less.” 5 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 434
Chapter 434 
Avery’s POV 
Gideon didn’t say anything right away. Instead, he just stared at me like I had two heads. Then, with more calmness than I expected, he walked to the window and stood there with his back to me, looking out at the workers in the distant fields. 
Finally, he turned to look at me again. “That’s what you want?” he asked. “To be friends with benefits, basically?” 
“It’s what makes sense,” I replied quietly. 2 
“It’s not fair, Avery. To either of us.” 1 
“Yeah, well, life isn’t particularly fair,” I said. “We both know that.” 
“Taking advantage of each other’s bodies once a month isn’t a solution.” 
“I didn’t say it was. But a bandaid wouldn’t hurt.” 
He looked at me with an expression I couldn’t quite read. “You’d really be okay with that?” he asked. “Hooking up once a month during the full moon, and nothing else?” 
I thought about last night. About how my wolf felt at peace for the first time in a lot longer than I wanted to admit. I thought about how, in ten years, not a single full moon had passed without this desperate ache burning in my heart, forcing me to pace back and forth in my bedroom or drink myself into a stupor or run until my legs gave out. 
Because that was the truth. For ten years, every single full moon had been agony. I hid it well from most people, especially Bjorn, although my mother always saw it. 
She was always there, sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of chamomile tea waiting for me, ready to listen if I needed to vent. She was always there to help me get to bed when I drank too much wine in a half-hearted attempt to staunch the agony. She was always waiting by the front door when I came home, limping from running halfway around the city like a madwoman. 
For ten years, the full moon had been full of pain and desperation when it should have been simple and happy. 
And last night was the first time in all those years where it actually felt that way. Even if a part of me regretted it now, I couldn’t regret it entirely. I knew it would happen again, and it would be even harder to deny ourselves next time, and maybe it was just easier if we allowed ourselves to give in once a month instead of fighting it forever. 
“Avery.” Gideon’s voice snapped me out of my reverie. “Please tell me.” 
I swallowed. “Our mate bond is still intact. The full moon isn’t going away. Fighting it is exhausting and, apparently, pointless.” I gestured at the room. “This was going to happen sooner or later regardless of what either of us wanted.” 
Gideon looked at the room, then back at me. “So you’re saying we should just lean into it.” 
“As long as we can both be practical about it, then yes.” 
He let out a short breath that was almost a laugh, but not quite. “Practicality. That seems to be your motto as of late. Aren’t you worried that you’re just making things harder for yourself in the name of ‘practicality’?” 
“Maybe,” I said, “but you saying you love me a few times isn’t just going to fix everything, either. So this is what I’m offering. Take it or leave it.” 
He didn’t have an immediate answer for that. Good. 
I crossed my arms. “Besides, the bond won’t last forever. Once it breaks, the arrangement needn’t continue.” 
“Once it breaks,” he repeated slowly. “You mean once one of us marks someone else.” 
I nodded once. 
+25 Bonus 
“It won’t break,” he said, “not from my end, anyway, because I don’t intend to mark anyone. Do you?” z 
“You’re really going to stand here and tell me you don’t intend to mark Fiona?” 
“What? Of course not. She’s basically a child.” 
“You were engaged to her,” I bit out. 
“It was never a real engagement.” 
Before I could answer, he went on, “Her father approached me. I know it’s stupid, but I took the offer for Fiona to wear a fake engagement ring and go on three public dates. I figured you’d react if you thought I was with another woman. They were both made well aware that it wasn’t going to end with anything real.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, I think they both hoped, but I never held up any pretense of that happening.” 
I stared at him. 
“Are you telling me…” I took a step closer and dropped my voice. “That all this time… You’ve been walking around with Fiona. Pretending to be engaged. Just to get back at me?” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 435
Chapter 435 
“What, and you didn’t do the same with Sebastian?” Gideon grabbed my left hand and held it up, waving it in my face so the golden ring glinted in the sunlight. 
I flushed and yanked my hand away. “That was different.” 
He raised one brow. “Enlighten me.” 
I opened my mouth, then closed it. 
“Look,” he said. “Clearly, we’ve both been running our own little operations here, Avery. I’m not about to be the only one in this room feeling guilty about it.” 
That was annoyingly fair, and I hated that it was. 
“Fine,” I said. “We’re both liars. But your lie involved a teenage girl. Who just so happened to be desperate enough to drug you, and I still think she’s the one who led Bjorn out into the forest that day.” 
Gideon went quiet at that. I could see his eyes darken with anger at the thought that Fiona had been the one to lure Bjorn away, nearly getting him killed. For a moment, I thought about Gideon holding Bjorn in the rain, and my heart cracked a little. He still didn’t know. The truth was, I wasn’t sure if I trusted him enough to tell him yet. 
“Avery. Is Bjorn really-” 
The door opened before Gideon could finish. 
We both turned. Sebastian stepped into the doorway, no longer wearing his tuxedo but rather his usual casual attire. He looked at us, then around the room. When his eyes fell on me again, I could see them dart to my partially ruined dress, and I suddenly felt incredibly guilty for reasons I hadn’t thought about before. 
“Morning,” he said. 
“Morning,” Gideon and I said in unison. 
His eyes moved from me to Gideon. He cleared his throat. “Gideon, I need you to come with me.” 
Gideon straightened. 
“What happened last night between us was consensual,” I said quickly. “Gideon and I-” 
“Fiona was taken into custody last night,” Sebastian cut me off “Colt and Tegan handled it. She’s been in the holding cells since around midnight, and she’s refusing to answer any questions.” He looked at Gideon. “She said she’ll only talk to you, and that she has information you’ll want to hear.” 
Gideon’s jaw set. “Of course she did.” 
“I figured we could all go down there,” Sebastian added, shooting me another look. “Although, I’m assuming you might want to change…” 
“Give me ten minutes,” I said. 
Sebastian nodded and stepped out of the way. I hurried out of the room. It was only when I returned to mine and caught my face in the mirror that I realized how red I’d gotten after Sebastian had walked in. 
Ten minutes later, after I had thrown on a pair of jeans and a sweater and actual shoes, I met back up with Gideon and Sebastian in the entrance hall. Sebastian led us outside, where the sun was high and golden and a little too warm for comfort this early in the morning. 
The holding cells were in the village, beneath the warrior headquarters. We walked, since it wasn’t too far from the Alpha house. Gideon walked beside me, close enough that his shoulder touched mine on occasion. 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
I pretended not to notice it. I pretended a lot of things during that walk, actually; like being fine, and not embarrassed at all, and totally not a little curious to know if Gideon might take me up on my suggestion for our “compromise”. 
Eventually, we reached the holding cells. Sebastian unlocked the outer door and pushed it open, and I followed him through, 
with Gideon behind me. 
The cell at the end had its door standing open. Colt was leaning against the wall outside it, arms crossed, and he straightened 
when he saw us coming. 
“She hasn’t said a word since midnight,” he said. “Just been sitting there.” 
I walked to the open doorway and looked in. 
Fiona was sitting on the narrow bench against the far wall, still in her black gown from last night, hands folded in her lap. Her hair had come loose in places but other than that, she looked perfectly composed. 
At the sound of our footsteps, she slowly lifted her head and looked up. 
She hid it quickly behind that usual mask of calm indifference she wore around, but I could see the fear in her eyes. And for a moment, she really did look her age. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 436
Chapter 436 
Gideon’s POV 
Fiona lifted her head and looked between all of us. 
“I want to speak to Gideon alone.” 
“That’s not really how this works,” Sebastian said. “You’re in my custody. You talk to whoever I say you can talk to.” 
“That’s my condition if you want me to talk at all.” Fiona glanced at Avery, then at me again. “Alone. Or I won’t say a word.” 
I looked at Avery. She was glaring at Fiona with a flat, assessing gleam in her eyes, like she was trying to pierce through Fiona’s skin. Fiona looked back steadily and remained quiet. 
Finally, Avery stepped back, touched Sebastian’s arm and nodded her head toward the door. His jaw 
clenched, but he followed her out. 
Once they were gone, I pulled the chair from the corner of the cell, turned it around, and sat down with my arms crossed over the back of it. Fiona watched me do all of this without moving from her perfectly arranged position. I imagined that she’d already spent a good amount of time perfecting the pose, wanting to appear completely composed despite being terrified inside. 
“Well,” I said. “I’m listening.” 
She looked at me for a long moment. Up close, in the daylight coming through the small window near the ceiling, she looked younger than she ever had. It made my throat tighten a little with guilt for ever pulling her into any of this mess. 
“I want a deal,” she said, lifting her chin. 
“You’re not really in a position to be making demands.” 
“I know where Deirdre is hiding,” she said. 
My stomach bottomed out. 
“And I’ll tell you everything, all of it,” she went on, “if you promise not to send me to the pack prison. I’ll accept whatever other punishment you see fit. But not prison.” 
I studied her. She wasn’t bluffing; I could tell that much. Whatever information she allegedly had on Deirdre, she genuinely believed it was worth bargaining with. Maybe that meant it was worth hearing her 
out. 
“Wait here,” I said. 
I found Sebastian and Avery a little ways down the corridor. Avery had her arms crossed and her back against the wall, staring at her feet. Sebastian straightened when he saw me coming. 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
“She wants a deal,” I said. “Full confession in exchange for no prison time.” 
Sebastian considered that. “What’s your read on her?” 
“She’s scared, which seems to be making her honest for once.” I glanced back toward the cell. “She says she knows where Deirdre is hiding, but she won’t tell me without this promise.” 
Sebastian was quiet for a moment. “Ultimately,” he said, “it’s up to you. You were the one who was drugged last night.” 
I looked at Avery, but she was still staring at the floor, clearly lost in thought. 
With a curt nod, I went back into the cell. Fiona was picking at her nails, but quickly hid the evidence when I entered. 
“Okay. No prison,” I said, sitting back down. “That’s the deal. But I want everything. Don’t leave anything 
out.” 
She exhaled slowly, then started to talk. 
She told me about “Katya”. How the woman had shown up in front of Matthew, offering her “services”. How she’d inserted herself into Fiona’s plans with the ease of someone who really seemed to know exactly what needed to be done. 
She told me how this “Katya” convinced her to create a powerful aphrodisiac to be slipped into my drink last night. How she was supposed to use it to seduce me and get me to mark her, forever binding us to 
one another. 
But then “Katya” stepped in. Whisked me away and tried to take me for herself while allowing Fiona to 
take the blame for all of it. 
And this “Katya” woman? 
It was Deirdre. 
When Fiona was finished, she was a little breathless, which was out of character for her. 
“Where is she now?” I asked bluntly. 
Fiona hesitated for just a second. “She’s been sleeping with my father. I believe beyond a shadow of a doubt that she’s currently with him, hoping I won’t turn her in.” 
“You’re positive?” 
She nodded. “If she’s not with my father, then he’ll know where she is. And he won’t withhold the information so long as you’ve got me in a cell.” 
2/3 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 437
Chapter 437 
“Are you willing to stay in this cell until that happens?” I asked. 
Fiona looked down at her lap and said nothing. 
I stood, turning to leave the cell again. Before I could, Fiona called after me, “I’d like to speak to Avery next. There’s something I want to confess to her, too.” 
I glanced at Fiona over my shoulder. She was still staring at her lap and picking at her nails again. I stepped out of the cell and found Tegan waiting at the end of the corridor. I pulled him aside and gave him the address and four names to take with him. He was moving before I finished the second sentence. 
When I turned back, Avery was still standing in the corridor with her arms still crossed, watching me. 
“Deirdre?” she asked. 
“Tegan’s on it.” 
She nodded once, then I said, “Fiona said she wants to talk to you.” 
Avery looked up at me. “About what?” 
I shrugged. 
Avery was quiet for a moment. I could tell she wasn’t exactly keen on it, but her curiosity won out in the end, just like it usually did with her. She turned and walked past me into the cell, and I followed. 
“Well?” Avery stopped just inside the cell and planted her hands on her hips. “What did you want to tell 
me?” 
Fiona looked up. Her mouth opened, then closed again. 
“If you’re going to remain silent,” Avery said, turning slightly, “then I’ll go-” 
“No.” Fiona shot to her feet, her face suddenly going red. Avery lifted a brow and waited. 
Over the next few minutes, Fiona told her everything. The schemes to meddle in Avery’s life. The not-so- subtle plots to make Avery seem incompetent, like that day when she printed off Bjorn’s school records, just to humiliate Avery and drive a wedge between us. 
At first, I thought that was it. A confession to her juvenile schemes against Avery and nothing more. I could tell Avery didn’t think there would be anything else, either. 
But then Fiona, after a pause, went on to talk about the forest. Finding Bjorn on the roadside and choosing to use it as an opportunity to lure him away in the hopes that, once he got lost or hurt, Avery would think better of living in the packs and go back to the human lands. 
“I didn’t think to check the weather,” Fiona said, wringing her hands now. “I never intended for him to get hurt or truly lost in the storm. Just… a little scared. That’s all. But it went too far, and I never should have done any of it to begin with.” 
1/2 
hapter 
+25 Bonus 
Avery didn’t say anything for a long time. She was completely frozen, her face drained of all color. Her eyes, those delicate pools of silver and honey, had gone dark and narrow. I wasn’t sure if I had ever seen her, or anyone for that matter, look so dangerous in that moment. 
Then, she moved. She crossed the cell in three steps and her hand came up fast. Fiona flinched back hard against the wall, eyes shutting, bracing for the slap. 
The impact didn’t come. 
Avery’s hand stopped in the air, trembling slightly so that the golden ring she wore glinted in the flickering fluorescent lights. She held it there for a long moment, jaw working as if she were fighting with herself; like one half of her wanted to do it, and the other was holding back. 
Fiona opened her eyes. They were wet, and this time, she wasn’t trying to hide it. She looked, for the first time since I’d known her, exactly like what she was: a young woman who had made a series of terrible decisions and was now sitting alone in a cell at the end of them. 
Avery looked at her for a long moment. Then looked at the ring. Something passed over her face, like a realization had been made, although I couldn’t tell what. 
Finally, she lowered her hand, turned, and walked out of the cell without another word. 
+2 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 438
Chapter 438 
Avery’s POV 
Bjorn was on his stomach on the floor of his room with his legs kicked up behind him, tongue stuck out in concentration as he glued a piece onto his model airplane. He looked up when I pushed his door open, and hardly had enough time to push himself to his knees before I crossed the room and dropped down, pulling him into a hug. 
“Mom.” His voice was muffled against my shoulder. “What are you doing?” 
“Just humor me,” I said. 
He went still for a moment, clearly confused, before his arms came up and he hugged me back. We stayed like that for a bit, me on my knees on his bedroom floor with my arms around my son, his chin hooked over my shoulder. I shut my eyes and breathed in his familiar scent, and for a little while, I felt all of my worries wash away. 
“Are you okay?” he asked after a bit. 
“Yeah,” I said. “I’m fine.” 
“Did something bad happen?” 
“No,” I said. 
“Um… Okay.” He patted my back a couple of times, and I snorted, pulling back enough to look at him. I brushed some hair out of his face, then looked at his airplane. “This is coming along,” I said, nodding my 
chin at it. 
Bjorn grinned and carefully picked up the airplane, holding it so I could see. “I just finished gluing on the rudders. Watch this.” He reached into the tiny cockpit and wiggled something that made the rudder flaps 
move back and forth. 
“That’s so cool,” I said, sitting back on my heels. “You’re good at this, Bjorn.” 
“Thanks.” He set the airplane back down. “I really like working on it. It makes me feel calm and like I can focus.” 
I stood, ruffling his hair. “Maybe we can go out today or tomorrow and get you another kit.” 
Bjorn looked up at me. “Really?” 
“Yes,” I laughed. “Really. But you have to finish this one first. And don’t rush that one just because you want another!” 
“Okay, okay.” He sat down and went back to his building project, carefully gluing on some more pieces with a precision I had never seen him use before. I watched him for a while. I had to give Gideon credit; he’d picked a good gift. 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
Sebastian appeared in the doorway a few minutes later. He looked at me on the floor, looked at Bjorn absorbed in his airplane, and leaned against the doorframe. 
“Hey, champ,” he said. “You hungry? I think I heard the cook saying something about making cinnamon 
rolls downstairs.” 
Bjorn’s head snapped up at that. He looked at me for permission. 
“Go,” I said, smiling. 
He was up and out the door like a whirlwind, nearly barreling into Sebastian on his way out. Sebastian stepped out of the way just in time, then turned to me once he was gone. 
“You took off suddenly,” he said. “After last night, I have to admit that I’m a little worried about you.” 
I sighed and sat on the edge of Bjorn’s bed. 
“I’m fine. It’s just… I realized something earlier.” 
Sebastian came and sat beside me. “What did you realize?” 
“Fiona is eighteen years old,” I murmured. “And she’s been doing all of these horrible things because her father has been grooming her for exactly this kind of life since she was a child. Not in so many words, maybe. But she spent her whole life being told that her value came down to who she married, and that marrying an Alpha was the only goal worth having.” 
I looked at the floor. “She didn’t drug Gideon because she’s some calculating criminal. She did it because she was desperate and frightened and she’s never been given the opportunity to become a different person.” 
Sebastian was quiet. 
“When she looked up at me in that cell,” I said, “I just… I thought about being twenty years old in Gideon’s pack, believing that the only way to matter was to be wanted by the right man. Believing that if he would just love me, everything would make sense.” I looked at Sebastian. “I wasn’t that different from her. I just faked my own death and ran away instead of resorting to crime. I hid for ten years and kept my son from his own kind because I didn’t think there was another way.” 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 439
Chapter 439 
For a few moments, Sebastian was quiet, clearly choosing his words carefully. Finally, he asked, “So what does this mean for you now?” 
I looked down at my hand. 
The ring sat there on my finger, gold and plain and exactly what it had always been: a prop. A very useful and effective, but I had leaned on for longer than I should have. I turned it once with my thumb, the way I had done absently about a thousand times over the past weeks without ever really thinking about it. 
Then, I pulled it off and held it out to Sebastian. 
I smiled. “Sebastian, I want to thank you for everything you did for me and Bjorn. You gave us a safe place when we needed one, and I won’t forget that.” I pressed the ring into his palm. “But I’m done hiding, lying, scheming. I spent ten years building a new life in another place that wasn’t quite right for me; that was a crutch. And then I came back here and immediately picked up a whole new set of crutches instead of facing what really needed to be faced.” 
Sebastian stared at his hand as I closed his fingers around the ring. “Are you leaving the packs?” he asked. “Going back to the human lands?” 
“No,” I answered, and I meant it. “That’s the reason why I’m doing this; because I want to stay here, and I don’t want it to be under the pretense of lies and manipulation.” 
Sebastian looked at the ring in his hand for a moment. Something passed across his face that I hadn’t expected. His eyebrows scrunched like he was trying not to tear up, and he slipped the ring into his pocket. 
“Alright,” he said simply. He stood. “I’ll go check on breakfast.” He left the room without looking at me 
again. 
I sat there for a moment looking at the empty doorway, wondering if I had said something to hurt him. Then, I turned back toward the window. 
Just then, behind me, I heard a small, wet cough. It startled me, making me turn quickly. Bjorn was standing in the doorway, coughing into his hand. His face looked a little pale and clammy. The coughs lasted several seconds and sounded thick and rattly, nothing at all like allergies or swallowing the wrong 
way. 
“Bjorn?” I stood. “You okay, buddy? You’re not getting sick again, are you?” 
He nodded, still coughing. When he’d caught his breath, he simply choked out, “Sebastian lied. There 
were no cinnamon rolls.” 
Without further explanation, he walked over to his airplane then and plopped back down, getting right back to work. I watched him for a moment, waiting for him to start coughing again, but he didn’t. Eventually, I chalked it up to him running through the house and decided to let it go. 
I was just about to leave the room when I heard the sound of a commotion outside. Screeching tires, 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
something like a car door slamming, and raised voices. 
Curious, I moved over to the window and looked out. There, on the driveway, was Tegan’s car, parked haphazardly; and in front of it, on her knees before Gideon’s feet with her head bowed and her hands cuffed behind her back, was Deirdre. 
I supposed they had found her after all. 
ENJOYING THE BOOK? 
Give it a rating to show your support! 
+2 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 440
Chapter 440 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon’s POV 
It took a few hours, but Tegan finally found Deirdre. She’d been hiding out in Fiona’s pack like we wouldn’t think to look there. Or maybe she was just tired of running and gave in. 
Either way, Tegan found her hastily packing her things in Alpha Matthew’s home. The moment Tegan showed up at Matthew’s door, claiming that Fiona was in custody because of her, Matthew didn’t hesitate. He handed her over, suitcase and all, right along with the box of his late wife’s jewelry that she thought she could sneak away with. 
Now, here she was. For the first time in ten years, I finally got to see Deirdre being brought to justice. It was a sweeter sight than I ever could have imagined. 
She walked between Tegan and one of my pack warriors with her wrists bound and her head up, dark hair pulled back, wearing yesterday’s clothes and moving like she had simply decided to come along of her own accord. Like she was doing us a favor. It was such a Deirdre thing to do that I almost laughed. 
Almost. 
Tegan brought her to a stop in front of me on the gravel path and shoved her to her knees before stepping back. A few pack members had drifted over, drawn by the noise and the cars, and were watching from a distance. I didn’t send them away. I wanted an audience for this, because I knew it 
would humiliate her. 
Deirdre looked up at me. 
Ten years had passed since I last saw her face, and she had done considerable work to change it. The nose was different, the chin, the shape around the eyes. Even her freckles were artificial, I realized upon closer inspection. 
But the eyes were exactly the same. She may have tried to hide the color with dark brown contacts, but the shape was exactly the way it had been ten years ago. Sharp and hollow inside, like looking into the dead eyes of a doll. 
I had looked into those eyes too many times over too many years to mistake them last night. I supposed Deirdre hadn’t accounted for that. Well, she was certainly accounting for it now. 
“Gideon,” she said. Her voice was surprisingly steady for a woman with her wrists tied behind her back. Before you say anything, I would like a chance to explain myself.” 
I didn’t really feel like giving her that chance. But despite everything, the packs still followed a basic law. Innocent before proven guilty. Every wolf had the right to a trial. 
“Go on,” I said, waiting. 
Deirdre glanced at the people watching from the edges of the path, then back at me. She had clearly hoped for something more private. I didn’t move to give it to her. 
1/2 
Chapte 440 
+25 Bonus 
“Everything I did,” she said carefully, “I did because I loved you. That was the only reason. I know it caused harm. I know what it looks like from the outside. But I genuinely believed that if I could just get you to choose me, you would eventually-” 
“Love you back?” I said. 
She held my gaze. “Yes.” 
Love. 
Once, I had truly thought I loved Deirdre. That was before I knew just how much of a liar she was. She’d pretended to be my mate-beyond that, she had done everything in her power to ensure that I never realized it was Avery all along. 
She had worked with the rogue king, the man who destroyed everything, all in her pursuit of power. 
This had nothing to do with love. It never did. For Deirdre, it was only ever about getting her way. 
“You never loved me,” I muttered. “You only ever loved yourself.” 
Deirdre’s jaw tightened. “You have no idea what I gave up for you,” she said. “I did love you. I do love you.” 
“You mean choosing to spend over ten years of your life maniacally plotting, changing your face with plastic surgery, and manipulating a young woman into drugging me?” I shot back. “That’s not love, Deirdre. I don’t quite know what it is, but it’s certainly not love.” 
“And I suppose your precious little Avery taught you all about love.” Deirdre spat out the name like it was poison on her tongue. 
“Yeah,” I said. “She did.” 
Deirdre lifted her chin. “Enlighten me, then. Since apparently I know nothing.” 
I stared at her for a moment. She stared back. Behind me, I heard the front door of the house open, but I 
didn’t turn around to see who it was. 
2/2 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 441
Chapter 441 
“I love Avery,” I said. “And because I love her, I have spent a lot of time recently thinking about what that actually means. It doesn’t mean I get to decide things for her. It doesn’t mean I get to manipulate her into being with me.” I shot Deirdre a meaningful look. “It means I let her choose. Whatever she chooses. Even if I don’t like what she wants; that’s what loving someone is about. Sometimes, it means letting them go.” 
Deirde was silent. 
I heard a shuffle on the path behind me. Turning, I saw her standing there. Avery. She’d clearly heard the entire thing, and her face was pale and expressionless. Her arms hung loosely at her sides. She wasn’t looking at Deirdre. She was looking at me. 
I nodded to her, just once, then turned back to Deirdre. 
For her part, Deirdre looked like she’d just sucked on a lemon. Clearly, my words had hit their mark. 
“You have no idea how big of a mistake you’re making by choosing her,” she muttered. 
I shrugged. “My whole life is one big mistake after another. That’s sort of the whole point of being alive.” 
With that, I nodded to Tegan. He stepped forward, took Deirdre by the arm, and hauled her back to her feet. I watched, as did the entire gathering of onlookers, as Tegan and the other Nightwolf warrior loaded 
her into the back of the car. 
Sebastian, who I hadn’t noticed was there, moved to stand beside me. He had his hands in his pockets. 
“So,” he said quietly, watching as the car pulled away, “what happens for her now?” 
I shrugged. “She’ll be taken back to Nightwolf, where she’ll stand trial. We’ll see what the pack has to say when they hear her story.” 
Sebastian nodded, satisfied by my response. 
I let out a small breath once Tegan’s car was out of sight. Finally, after ten years of searching and not knowing, Deirdre had been found. This time, she wasn’t going to escape. She was going to face justice for everything she had done. 
For the relationship she had had a hand in tearing apart a decade ago. 
Deep down, though, I knew what happened-the reason behind why Avery left and didn’t look back- wasn’t entirely Deirdre’s fault. She’d had a hand in it, yes, but a good portion of the onus was on me. 
I knew that now, even if it made me feel bitter inside. By refusing to tell Avery how much she really mattered to me, I pushed her away. She was traumatized and frightened, and I hadn’t been there for her, not in the way that truly mattered. 
I glanced at Avery again. She was still standing a few feet away, staring at the spot where Deirdre had just been. Her eyes briefly met mine, and the look in them was unreadable. 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
For a moment, I thought about last night. The warmth and passion that briefly drew us together, even if only for a little while. 
She still loved me, deep down, even if she didn’t want to admit it. I knew, in that moment, that I had to do what was necessary to win her back. 
Even if it meant giving her the space she wanted, the liberty to choose me or not choose me. Even if it meant only seeing her once a month beneath the light of the full moon. 
I knew that now. 
There was still one person to deal with, though. An eighteen year old girl who was not completely innocent in the matter of what happened last night was still sitting in the holding cells, awaiting a trial of her own. 
I was just about to turn to Sebastian and ask what was to become of Fiona when, as if on cue, the sound of tires screeching cut through the quiet. Everyone turned to see a familiar black car ripping up the driveway. An older male was sitting in the driver’s seat, his face tight with anger and his knuckles white around the steering wheel. 
Alpha Matthew came screeching to a stop mere inches from Sebastian and I. Neither Sebastian nor I moved as he flung the driver’s side door open and leapt out of the car. Up close, I could see that his face 
was red with fury and he was shaking all over. 
“Where the hell,” he snarled, chest heaving, “is my daughter?” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
+2 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 442
Chapter 442 
Avery’s POV 
Alpha Matthew didn’t calm down when they brought him inside. If anything, the four walls just gave his fury better acoustics. 
Sebastian had directed everyone into the sitting room off the main hall: me, Gideon, Matthew, and eventually Fiona, who was brought up from the holding cells looking pale but surprisingly composed. 
The moment Matthew saw his daughter in handcuffs, the shade of crimson coloring his face deepened.” Fiona,” he hissed, “how could you do this to us?” 
Fiona pulled her shoulders back and said nothing. 
“I want an explanation.” Matthew turned toward Gideon and Sebastian, ignoring me entirely. “Now.” 
Gideon opened his mouth, but I cleared my throat. “Fiona drugged Gideon last night.” 
Matthew didn’t look at me. “I want to hear it from someone more trustworthy,” he snarled. 
I bristled, but Sebastian lightly put his hand on my shoulder, calming me. 
“What Avery says is true,” Sebastian said. 
Gideon nodded in agreement. “She conspired with Deirdre-or “Katya”, as you know her.” 
“And so what?” Matthew narrowed his eyes at Gideon. “Fiona is a good match for you!” 
“She’s eighteen,” Gideon said. 
“Exactly. Young, healthy, and of perfect breeding age.” 
I felt like I was going to be sick. Sebastian’s hand tightened on my shoulder, and Gideon’s face paled. Fiona showed no reaction whatsoever. I suspected she had heard her father say such things on many occasions, likely from a very young age. 
“Matthew,” Gideon said in a low voice, “I think that might be the most vile thing I’ve ever heard you say.” 
“Vile?” The Alpha scoffed. “Vile? What’s vile is letting this-this harlot walk into a perfectly good arrangement and ruin everything! How do we know she’s not lying, anyway? She could say anything just to get what she wants!” 
“She’s not lying.” Fiona’s voice was firm, causing us all to look at her. “Because I already confessed to everything.” 
Matthew’s eye twitched. “You what?” 
Fiona merely nodded once, confirming it. 
Matthew stared at her for a long moment. Then, under his breath, “You didn’t consult a lawyer first? You 
1/2 
ople 44, 
+25 Bonus 
just confessed, like a goddamn idiot?” 
Fiona flinched slightly. 
Matthew turned away from her, pressing his hand to his forehead. 
Fiona turned to Gideon then. “I’m sorry for what I did,” she said softly. 
Gideon was quiet for a moment. “I think I owe you an apology too, Fiona,” he said. “I never should have let the engagement go as far as it did. I used a bad situation to my advantage, and you deserved better than that.” 
Fiona looked at him for a long time without speaking. When she finally did speak, there was something raw underneath her voice. “What was so wrong with me?” she asked. “That you wouldn’t even consider an engagement?” 
Gideon didn’t answer immediately. He looked at her for a long time, jaw working silently. Finally, his gaze shifted to me, and I saw a tenderness in his eyes that made my breath catch. 
“Nothing,” he said, turning back to her. “There’s nothing wrong with you, Fiona. You’re smart and you’re beautiful and you’re going to make some man very happy one day.” He paused. “But that man should be your age, not mine. Someone who wants to build something from the ground up with you, not someone who has been carrying around twenty years of history you had nothing to do with. I should never have let you believe there was a chance. That was my fault. And I’m sorry for it” He looked at me again, just briefly, before looking back at Fiona. “I love my mate. There would never be another woman. Not even 
you.” 
My heart did something I didn’t dare put a name to. 
Fiona looked at her feet and said nothing else. 
Matthew, for his part, had clearly reached the end of his rope. “This is finished,” he said. “My pack will have nothing further to do with Nightwolf or Evergreen. Consider whatever alliance existed between us dissolved.” He looked at Gideon, then at me. “I hope she’s worth it,” he spat out. 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 443
Chapter 443 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon didn’t flinch. “She is.” 
Matthew’s nostrils flared, but he had nothing left to say to that. He looked at Sebastian. “I’m taking my daughter home.” 
Sebastian nodded. “Three months house arrest, to be supervised by your pack. After that, the matter is closed.” He kept his voice easy, but it clearly wasn’t a suggestion. 
Matthew set his jaw but didn’t argue. Even he knew better than to ignore Sebastian’s orders. 
“Come on, Fiona.” Matthew was already moving toward the exit. “We’re leaving.” 
Fiona waited for the guards to uncuff her wrists before following him. Just as she brushed past me, I grabbed her shoulder. 
She froze and looked at me out of the corner of her eye. 
I lowered my voice. “Fiona, I know your father has very specific ideas about what your life should look like. But you’re eighteen. You have plenty of options ahead of you that don’t involve making yourself smaller to fit someone else’s idea of what a woman should be.” 
Her lips parted. 
“Educate yourself,” I whispered. “Figure out what you actually want, not what you’ve been told to want. And don’t let any man, including your father, push you into doing things you don’t want to do ever again.” 
Fiona held my gaze. Her eyes watered, but she didn’t let the tears fall. For a moment, she just looked at me, lips trembling like she wanted to cry but wouldn’t let it happen. 
Finally, she nodded, lowered her gaze, and followed her father out of the room. 
Once they were gone, I turned and went upstairs without saying another word. 
The rest of the day moved slowly. I didn’t emerge from my room, and no one bothered me. I appreciated that. One of the servants brought me dinner, which I ate alone at the little table under my window. 
By the time the light outside had gone dark and the moon had climbed up to replace it, I was sitting on the edge of the bed in my pajamas, running a comb through my damp hair. The house was quiet. Bjorn had gone to sleep already. 
The knock came just as I was reaching to shut off my light. 
Figuring it was Sebastian coming to check on me, I stood and opened the door. To my surprise, though, it was Gideon who was leaning against the doorframe. 
“You’re still here?” I blurted out. 
His lips curved faintly. “Had business to attend to regarding the whole situation. Sebastian is letting me stay the night. Hope that’s alright with you.” 
1/2 
“It’s not my house,” I pointed out. 
+25 Bonus 
Gideon nodded. I looked down then, noticing for the first time that he was holding a bottle of red wine and two glasses. 
“The moon is still full,” he said, tilting his head toward the window at the end of the hall where the light was already coming through in a thick silver shaft across the floor. 
“It’s technically waning,” I said. “Just looks full.” 
“I wanted to see you.” His voice turned a little more serious. “Even if we just talk. Even if nothing else. happens and you kick me out in an hour. I’ve had a long day, and so have you, and I just…” He held up the bottle slightly. “Would you have one drink with me?” 
I looked at him. I knew what he was implying. I could see the glimmer in his eyes. 
“Does this mean you’re accepting my proposal?” I asked. 
A single nod. 
I stood there for a moment, gripping the doorframe. A part of me almost considered sending him away, but right now, that part of me was feeling small and tired. And I kept thinking about what he’d said earlier. It had been swirling around my head all day and it hadn’t gone anywhere. 
So finally, I stepped back from the door and held it open. Gideon walked past me, and I shut the door 
behind him. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
Support 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 444
Chapter 444 
Avery’s POV 
The fire was already lit in the small stone fireplace when Gideon came in, although it was low, nearly embers by now. I shut the door behind Gideon and walked over to the fireplace, stabbing at the coals with the pokers until a few flames shot up. 
“Cold?” he asked. 
I glanced at him over my shoulder. “I like having the light at night.” 
He nodded slowly, then set the wine and glasses on the little table near the armchairs and uncorked it with a small corkscrew he had in his pocket. We didn’t say anything while he poured. I sat first, tucking my feet up under me. Gideon handed me a glass and sat in the other chair. 
For a while, neither of us spoke. The fire popped and shifted. The wine was good. Dry, not too sweet, just the way I liked it. I’d drank half of it before Gideon broke the silence. 
“So. Long day.” 
I almost laughed at the simplicity of it. “Something like that.” 
He turned his glass in his fingers. “I’m sorry for brushing you off that day when you said you saw Deirdre’s lookalike. She had work done, but… it was her.” 
I grimaced a little. “It’s me who should be sorry. You’re the one she tried to take advantage of.” 
Gideon cringed slightly, sipping his wine. “Well, it’s over now.” 
“You think it’ll be that easy?” I asked, looking at him. 
Gideon was quiet for another moment before he nodded. “Yes.” 
I looked at him, studying his face. His jaw was set hard and his eyes were even harder as they stared into the fire. For the first time, I noticed the lines around his eyes and mouth, the hollowness to his cheeks. He looked like a man who had spent ten years searching and waiting, and now he had found both of the women he’d been searching for. 
It almost made my chest tighten. But I wouldn’t let it. 
“And Fiona?” I asked. 
Gideon glanced at me out of the corner of his eyes. “I’m not concerned about her.” 
“Not even a little?” 
“I don’t think she ever really wanted to do her father’s bidding in the first place,” Gideon said. “And even he won’t be dumb and reckless enough to keep trying anything. Not with Sebastian keeping an eye on him.” 
1/4 
TOUT 443 
+25 Bonus 
“Sebastian is a powerful Alpha,” I pointed out. 
Gideon snorted. “Yeah. I know.” 
Another silence fell after that. Neither of us spoke a word until we finished our glasses, and even then, the only words exchanged were in regards to refilling them. The quiet was punctuated only by the sound of the logs popping in the fireplace. 
It was toward the bottom of our second glasses that Gideon spoke once more. 
“Can I ask you something?” 
I looked at him over the rim of my glass. “If I say no, will you ask anyway?” 
His lips twitched a little, but he didn’t smile. “It’s about Bjorn.” 
I froze. 
“Avery.” He leaned forward. “I need to know. Is he-” 
“Those aren’t the terms,” I cut him off, setting my glass down on the small table. “We talked about this this morning. I told you what I was offering, and it had nothing to do with personal questions.” 
A quiet fell between us. He was watching me now in that distinct way he had always watched me when he thought I was saying one thing and meaning another. I didn’t want to know if he was right or not at the 
moment. 
“Business partners,” I said. “Outside of the full moon, that is all we are. You don’t ask questions about things that are none of your business. And I don’t answer them.” 
“None of my business?” Gideon’s eyes flashed faintly with irritation. “But if this is about my son-” 
“Do you accept my terms or not?” I asked. 
Gideon looked at the fire. I watched his jaw work for a moment, the muscle there pulling tight, and then he let out a slow breath through his nose and sat back again. He didn’t say anything for what felt like an 
eternity. 
I picked up my wine and waited patiently. I had the time. 
Finally, he huffed in a low voice, “I don’t like your conditions.” 
“I didn’t expect you to.” 
“They’re not fair.” He looked at his lap. “We’re mates, Avery. As long as that’s the case, you know as well as I do that your conditions won’t hold up. Not forever.” Finally, he looked at me. “You’re asking me to only be a part of your life for three or four days out of every month. Like I can turn the rest of it off.” His chin dipped slightly. “You know I can’t do that. I don’t think you can either, if we’re being honest.” 
I remained silent. 
2/4 
Diptor 444 
+25 Bonus 
He studied me for a while longer. Then, with a small huff, he said, “You’re not going to budge on it?” 
“No.” 
He was quiet again, twisting his wine stem between his fingers. The liquid caught the light, sending amber shadows dancing across the floorboards. 
I knew what he was weighing. Whether it was worth it. Whether once a month was better than nothing, or whether nothing was more dignified. 
I almost agreed with him. Maybe it was a better option to just let it go. But could we do that? Really? At the end of the day, as long as I bore his mating mark, could either of us just… let go of each other so easily? 
No. That was the crux of the problem. Gideon had spent a decade searching for me because of it. I’d also spent that decade not being able to move on, not really. 
I wished it could be simpler than this. I wished those ten years of hurt had never happened. But they had. And while I knew my wolf wouldn’t entirely let him go, especially not during the full moon, I also knew that I couldn’t forget what happened. 
This was the most I could give either of us. A few days out of the month. Nothing more. Nothing less. 
“Alright,” he finally said. 
I blinked. 
He straightened. “For what it’s worth, I think you’re wrong,” he added. “I don’t think it’s possible to love someone the way I love you and then put a leach on it for twenty-seven days out of every month. I think you’ll figure that out too, eventually.” One shoulder lifted in a half-shrug. “But I have also spent a lot of years wanting any version of you I could get.” He finished the rest of his wine, then set his glass down on the table between us. “So… If those are your conditions, then those are your conditions. I’ll take them.” 
I sat there looking at him. The fire had burned down again, but it did nothing to dull the piercing eyes that stared back at me now. He looked tired, but also firm in his decision. 
I stood and held out my hand. 
Gideon took it without saying anything and stood, letting me pull him away from the fire and toward my 
bed. 
Neither of us said another word after that. There was no need to. Not when our bodies did all of the 
talking for us. 
3/4 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 445
Chapter 445 
Avery’s POV 
Afterwards, I laid on my back, staring at the ceiling while my pulse slowly came back down to something somewhat close to normal. The fire had burned low again. The room was warm and dim and smelled like sex and wine, and my muscles were loose and my wolf was content for the time being. 
Gideon was sitting on the edge of the bed with his back to me. He had pulled his pants on and had his shirt in his hands, but he didn’t put it on right away. 
I cleared my throat and propped myself up on my elbow. “You were-” 
“Avery-” 
I stopped talking. So didGideon. Silence fell for a moment, then we both said at the same time, “Go ahead.” 
My cheeks flushed a little. “You first.” 
Gideon hesitated for a moment, then took a deep breath and looked at me. “Did you see anyone else?” he asked. “While you were gone?” 
I shut my eyes and exhaled slowly. 
“Gideon… We literally just talked about this.” 
“I know what we talked about,” he muttered. “But I’m asking anyway. I don’t think it’s too personal of a question, and I have a right to know.” 
I stared at him. 
“I didn’t sleep with anyone,” he said. “Ten years. Not once.” He turned back to face away from me. “So there. You know something about me. Let me know something about you.” 
I looked at the back of his head for a moment and sighed. Frustrating as it was, I couldn’t blame him. He was a male Alpha wolf whose mate had spent a decade in another world. It was only natural for him to want to know if I had taken another lover. 
“No one,” I said. 
Gideon whipped his head around. His eyes darted to my belly, on full display beneath my bare breast as the blanket had pooled around my hips. “Not once? But I thought-” 
“There was one person,” I said quickly, pulse spiking a little. “In the very beginning. It was how Bjorn was 
conceived.” 
Gideon’s eyes darkened a little. “You moved on fast,” he said. 
I swallowed. “I was lonely and afraid, and I needed a place to stay.” 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
“So you slept with a man for that purpose?” he asked. 
I didn’t answer that. I hated that I had to lie about this at all, and deep down, my wolf whinged at the bluff. “We should be honest with him,” she was saying. I tried my best to ignore her. 
“There hasn’t been anyone since,” I said. 
He was quiet for a moment, looking down at the shirt in his hand. When he turned to look at me this time, something had shifted in his gaze. It softened a little, but there was a thread of surprise there, too. 
“Only one person? In ten years?” he asked. 
I shrugged and stood, walking across the mattress before hopping down off the foot of the bed, where my pajamas had been discarded. I picked up my underwear and pulled them on. “You just said you didn’t see anyone at all.” 
“Yeah, but…” He chuckled wryly. “I mean… look at me.” He gestured vaguely to his face. “You’re so fucking gorgeous, Avery.” 
I flushed a little, covering it by pulling my shirt over my head. “What does that have to do with anything?” 
“You probably outshine the majority of human women.” 
“There are plenty of beautiful human women.” 
“You’re successful, too,” he added. 
I shot him a look. “Maybe my lack of a man is why I became successful.” 
“Fair.” He snorted. “Still, though. I’m just surprised, that’s all.” 
I shrugged. “There just wasn’t a connection,” I said. “It’s not the same with humans. I don’t know how else to explain it. It’s just not the same.” 
Gideon was quiet. 
“It surprised me too, at first,” I said. I didn’t know why I was still talking, but I was. “I thought once I was out of the packs, I would just… assimilate.” I paused and glanced at him. “I never really did. Not in the ways that mattered the most.” 
His brows lifted. “I thought you grew to love the human lands.” 
I did, in a way. The truth was that the human world had been kind to me in a lot of ways, and I was grateful for it. I had built a small empire there, all on my own. But there was a particular kind of loneliness that came with living in a world that wasn’t quite yours. 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 446
Chapter 446 
“I had Claire,” I said, smiling faintly. “She was the exception. But outside of her and Bjorn and my mother, I never really…” I trailed off. “It got a little lonely.” 
Gideon was watching me closely, and I just now realized that my face was still hot. 
“Did Bjorn like it there?” he asked. 
“Not really. He had the same problem. He never fit in with the other kids, not the way he should have. His wolf emerged early, so he became aggressive when surrounded by human kids.” My lips curled wryly.” They’re pretty weak compared to our own children.” 
Gideon’s brows pulled together slightly. “I take it that’s why he got expelled.” 
This conversation was going too far. I knew that. But it felt strangely good to let it out, and the words spilled out of me before I could stop them. 
“He tried. He really did. But there’s only so long a kid can be told to make himself smaller before he stops trying.” I huffed out a breath of hot air. “I kept thinking he would grow into it, but really, he needed to be amongst his own kind.” 
I left out the part about the Demonblood and the fever that nearly took him from me, of course. That was where I drew the line, because if Gideon knew that Bjorn had that gene, then he would know that Bjorn was his son beyond a shadow of a doubt. 
That was not a risk I was willing to take right now. Not unless I knew, in my heart of hearts, that Gideon 
had no ill intentions with our son. 
And nothing he had told me so far pointed to anything good. 
Gideon, to his credit, didn’t ask any more probing questions after that. I appreciated that. Although, he did ask, “Is he happier here?” 
I nodded, smiling faintly. “Yeah. He loves it here. Although, he has been asking to see more of the packs outside of evergreen.” 
“I could take him to Nightwolf.” 
I snapped my gaze to him. 
Gideon’s face was calm. “It might be good for him,” he said. “To let him see another pack.” 
I hesitated, thinking about that for al ong moment. My first instinct was to say no, but I didn’t say that. I didn’t say yes, either. 
The thought of letting Bjorn see Nightwolf, the home of his ancestors, felt dangerous for obvious reasons. Bjorn had promised not to get too close to Gideon, but he was also a child, and his wolf was unpredictable at times. There was no knowing quite what would happen if he went to his home pack. 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
And yet, he had nearly gotten himself killed over his yearning to see more of the packs. I wanted to be able to give that to him, and… Nightwolf was beautiful. Far more beautiful than any of the other packs, in my opinion. 
I thought about the last time I had been there, with Sebastian, when Bjorn was missing. It was just as stunning and familiar as it had been ten years ago. I knew Bjorn would love it. 
Maybe that was why I didn’t deny Gideon’s offer right away. 
At least, that was a lot easier to think about than the truth, which was that a small part of me wanted to go back, too. 
“I’ll think about it,” I finally said. I gestured to the clock on the mantle then and tilted my head. It was nearly three in the morning. 
Gideon’s face fell a little when he realized that I wasn’t going to let him stay, not that there had ever been any pretense of that happening, anyway. Spending the night together, in Gideon’s arms, was far too close for comfort-especially two nights in a row. 
Seeming to understand that, Gideon pulled his shirt on and stood. 
I watched without moving as he walked over to the door. Upon reaching it, he stopped with his hand on the doorknob and glanced back at me. 
I raised my brows and waited. 
He turned the knob and left without another word, pulling the door quietly shut behind him. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 447
Chapter 447 
Avery’s POV 
“Avery…” 
Gideon’s hands came down to cup my face. His lips were soft and sweet when he kissed me, and my name was so low I almost couldn’t hear it. But he said it again and again, like a mantra, and each time he said it, it sounded even sweeter to my ears. 
“Avery… I love you.” 
I smiled, tilting my head back to look at him. His eyes were gentle. Everything about him was gentle. He pulled me close, and I let him. And for a moment, the world felt okay. 
“Avery… Avery…” 
“Gideon…” 
“Avery. Wake up.” 
A hand shook my shoulder, pulling me from the dream I had just been having. Groaning, I blinked my eyes open to see Claire’s face hovering above me, drawn with concern. 
“Claire?” My tongue was thick in my mouth from sleep. “You’re still here?” 
“I know. I should’ve hit the road two hours ago, but something came up.” 
Brow furrowing, I pushed myself up against my pillows and rubbed my eyes. When my vision cleared, I took a glance at the clock. It was past seven. Claire should have left for the human lands already; she had only promised to come for two nights to help out with Bjorn on the night of the banquet and catch up on business, and it wasn’t like her to be late when it came to anything, let alone getting back to the HQ in the city. 
“What happened?” I asked, looking at her. 
She opened her mouth, then stopped herself and sighed. “I think it’s better if you see it yourself. Come 
with me.” 
A few minutes later, I was standing at the foot of Bjorn’s bed, watching as he coughed wetly into a handkerchief. His face was pale and his skin was coated in a cold sweat, and he was shivering. 
“I was checking on him before I left and I found him like this,” Claire said quietly. “He must have gotten sick sometime in the night, because I remember he was fine yesterday.” She glanced at me. “Do you think it’s pneumonia? Maybe from that day he went missing?” 
My teeth clenched. Seeing him like that sent a special kind of panic shooting through me that I hadn’t felt since we left the human lands. “No,” I said. “I don’t think it’s pneumonia.” 
I turned to Colt, who was standing in the doorway. 
1/4 
“Call the healer,” I said. 
+25 Bonus 
The pack healer came straight to Bjorn’s room so we didn’t have to move him. Bjorn had seen the healer, a quiet, thorough woman, a few times before, in the early days after we arrived at Evergreen, when Bjorn’s fever first broke and we were still figuring out what was happening to him. 
Her expression was unreadable as she worked. Bjorn sat up in bed as she moved the stethoscope across his back and asked him to breathe in and breathe out. He complied without complaint, which was how I knew he was really sick. Usually, Bjorn would be asking a million questions, but today he was staring blankly at his bedspread while the healer worked. 
I stood near the window, chewing on my lips until they were raw. 
When she was done, the healer pulled the stethoscope from her ears and draped it around her neck. She turned to me. “Well, the good news is that his lungs are clear. I don’t see any sign of infection.” 
That wasn’t particularly comforting. “And the bad news?” I asked, although I had a sinking feeling that I already knew the answer to that question. 
The healer glanced at Bjorn, then at me, then tilted her head toward the door. My heart sank, but I nodded and followed her out of the room. Once we were in the hallway, she quietly shut the door behind her and 
lowered her voice so Bjorn couldn’t hear. 
“His symptoms are getting worse again,” she said quietly. 
“Again?” I blinked. “But the air here was supposed to help. I thought he was getting better.” 
“He was. But his condition stagnated, and now it’s regressing.” She took a breath. “As long as his wolf remains unclaimed, he won’t get any better. In fact, his wolf will only weaken.” 
I looked at her. “Speak plainly.” 
“His wolf needs a home pack. A paternal claim. Without that, he won’t strengthen. He’s an Alpha wolf, Avery. His wolf knows it, even if he doesn’t fully understand it yet. And without being officially accepted into a pack, or claimed by an Alpha male, his wolf will retreat.” 
I stared at the wall behind her head for a moment, my mind racing. 
“So you’re saying I have to let his father claim him, otherwise he could die,” I growled. 
The healer sighed softly. “It doesn’t need to be his biological father. But an Alpha will have to accept him not only into his pack, but as his heir. Otherwise, his wolf may even go dormant, and then his immune system will only be that of a human’s.” 
My jaw tightened. “Bjorn has done just fine without a father so far.” 
“Perhaps, but he needs one now. If not biologically, then symbolically. It’s all the same to his wolf. But it must be an Alpha who claims him.” 
2/4 
+25 Bonus 
I considered the healer’s words as she turned and went back into the room. So. Unless Bjorn was claimed by an Alpha, his sickness would not only return, but his wolf would also regress and possibly even retreat entirely, weakening him further. Wolfless children rarely survived, and that was just an 
unfortunate fact of life. 
The most obvious choice was, of course, Gideon. He was an Alpha, Bjorn’s biological father, and would 
claim Bjorn as his heir in a heartbeat. 
That was the issue. Because I remembered all too well what Gideon had said ten years ago, about only wanting the heir and not me. 
What if he separated us, too angry that I had kept Bjorn from him for a decade to remember all the things he said about the mate bond? 
Or, alternatively… What if he used this situation as a way to force me to be his Luna, to leave behind the life I had built for myself, and willingly walk right into the gilded cage he had prepared for me? 
Obviously, I would choose the cage any day if it meant saving my son’s life. No question about it. I would give my own life if I needed to. 
But it was still early. Perhaps there was another way; one that didn’t involve Gideon, or any man, for that 
matter. 
I needed to think. 
Shutting my eyes, I pinched the bridge of my nose and leaned back against the wall, considering all of the options. Perhaps Lycan Root could be helpful in some way, or maybe there was another compound that could- 
“Avery.” 
I opened my eyes. Sebastian was coming down the hall toward me. I pushed away from the wall. 
“Bjorn’s sick,” I said immediately. 
“I know. I was just coming to look for you when I overheard.” He stopped about a foot away from me. Wordlessly, he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close. I stiffened, but then relaxed into him, letting him hug some of the fear away. It helped a little. 
After a moment, Sebastian pulled back just enough to look down at me, his hands braced on my upper 
arms. 
“I want to talk to you,” he said quietly. “In private
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 448
Chapter 448 
Avery’s POV 
The drive to Aldric’s pack was quiet, I had to give Sebastian that. He didn’t press me for an answer just yet regarding his proposal. I didn’t want to give him one. 
When we arrived, I was unsurprised to see Gideon’s car sitting in the driveway. Sebastian’s fingers tightened a little around the steering wheel when he noticed it. 
“I guess he heard the news, too,” he muttered. 
I shot Sebastian a withering look, but I didn’t comment on it. We climbed out of the car and headed into the clinic, where Aldric, Gideon, and a couple of pack healers were standing outside a windowed room. 
“She’s awake?” I asked, coming to stand beside Aldric. 
The Alpha grinned at me and clapped his hand on my shoulder. “Your medicine worked, Avery. She woke up this morning.” 
“It was really amazing,” one of the healers said. “She popped right up like nothing happened at all. Her body will need more time to recover, of course. But all of her cognitive faculties are fully intact, and she hasn’t stopped smiling.” 
“I can see that.” I took a step closer to the window and peeked into the room. Through the slats in the blinds, I could see the little girl sitting up in bed, propped up against a small mountain of pillows. Her face was stretched into a wide grin, and the room was chock-full of flowers and balloons. 
A woman was sitting on the edge of her bed, clasping the little girl’s hands in hers. They seemed to be speaking to each other. The little girl laughed at something the woman said, and the woman laughed too, albeit more wetly, her hand coming up to wipe tears from her eyes. 
“Is that her mother?” I whispered, looking at Aldric. 
He nodded once. “Yes. She visits every day-none of us expected today to be the day her little girl woke 
up.” 
I fell silent, watching as the little girl held her hands out toward her mother. Her mother, still half laughing, half crying, pulled the girl into her lap and held her close, rocking her a little. The girl buried her face in her mother’s hair, and I saw the woman’s shoulders shake with tears. 
Something shot through my chest at the sight. 
I should have been happy. And I was, truly; the medicine had worked, and one of our patients was already seeing improvements. At this rate, all of the sick kids very well might be cured. 
But seeing that mother and child now, her daughter looking so small in that hospital bed, all I could think about was Bjorn being in the same position. Sick, potentially dying, with the one real cure feeling impossible and terrifying. 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
I turned away just as the tears started to spring to my eyes. “I’ll be right back,” I choked out, then hurried out the side door. 
“Avery?” I heard Sebastian call after me, but for the second time that day, I didn’t look back. 
The air outside had turned warm and humid, but the sky was still gray, indicating more rain coming later. The breeze had picked up, bringing with it the scent of damp earth and pine. I walked over to the oak tree behind the clinic, which was apparently becoming my go-to place of refuge whenever I came here, and leaned against the bark. 
“Avery.” 
I hadn’t been alone for more than five seconds when Gideon’s voice called out to me. Turning, I saw him walking across the lawn. 
“You followed me,” I said. 
He stopped a couple feet away and put his hands in his pockets. “Well, you sort of stormed off out of nowhere. Right in the middle of a happy moment, too.” Gideon tilted his head. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing’s wrong.” 
“You can lie to yourself all you want, but you can’t lie to me,” Gideon said firmly, taking a step closer. “I know you, Avery. You think I can’t tell when something’s upsetting you?” 
Gideon’s words alone made fresh tears prick at the backs of my eyes, hot and salty. I swallowed and leaned back against the tree. For a moment, I considered telling him to leave me alone, that the conversation we were about to have was well outside the confines of the arrangement we had just made, but then the words were coming out, and I couldn’t stop them. 
“Bjorn’s sick,” I whispered. 
Gideon pulled his head back. “What?” 
“He’s…” A small sob escaped before I could stop it. “He’s sick, and I’m so-I don’t know what to do-” 
Gideon exhaled sharply and closed the remaining distance between us. He pulled me into his arms, and I let him without hesitating. His scent washed over me, making my wolf bristle with contentment. I inhaled deeply, just once, letting the familiarity of his embrace soothe my frayed nerves. 
Gideon didn’t speak or ask questions. He just held me, gently rubbing circles across my back with one hand. I let my forehead fall against his chest and shut my eyes. 
“Bjorn’s been having these… health scares,” I said vaguely. “He needs to be formally accepted by an Alpha.” 
Gideon’s hand stilled a little on my back. “That…” 
“I don’t want to explain it right now,” I muttered. 
I could tell that Gideon wasn’t satisfied by my response-or rather, the lack thereof. But he didn’t press 
2.3 
+25 Bonus 
the matter, for now at least, and quietly resumed rubbing circles on my back. 
Once I was able to breathe properly, I pulled back, wiping at my eyes. “I’m sorry. It’s just that I saw that little girl in that hospital bed, and all I could think about was Bjorn being in a similar position.” 
“But that’s the thing,” Gideon said, looking at me. “That little girl is awake and smiling right now, reunited with her mother, because of your medicine. Yours, Avery. Whatever sickness Bjorn has, I’m sure you can find a solution. Without an Alpha claiming Bjorn.” 
I looked up at Gideon and exhaled. He was right. I kept losing sight of that, but it was true; I had developed a compound to help sick children who hadn’t responded nearly as well to other treatments. Bjorn’s situation may have been different, but if there was one hting I had learned from ten years of living in the human lands, it was that there was always an alternative solution. And I had a multi-million dollar business at my back to help me develop the right medicine. 
“You’re right,” I murmured. “Maybe I don’t have to accept Sebastian’s proposal…” 
Gideon stared at me. His mouth opened, but just then, Sebastian’s voice cut across the lawn. 
“Avery.” 
I stiffened. So did Gideon. We both turned to see Sebastian hurrying toward us. 
“You proposed?” Gideon asked him rather abruptly. 
My breath caught. Sebastian stopped walking and lifted his chin. 
“I did,” he said, looking at me and only me. “I offered to marry Avery and mark her, freeing her from your mate bond while claiming Bjorn as my heir.” 
Silence fell. I bit the inside of my cheek, suddenly feeling a migraine coming on. 
Gideon slowly turned his head to look at me. Our eyes met, and for a moment, I saw something that looked an awful lot like jealousy flash through his. 
“And are you going to accept this offer?” he asked. 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 449
Chapter 449 
Avery’s POV 
Sebastian’s office was peaceful, the window open, letting in the breeze. It did little to calm the racing thoughts in my head. 
“Coffee?” he asked, reaching for the carafe on the side table. 
“Um. Sure.” I sat, running my hands over my face as he poured it. A moment later, a steaming cup was held under my nose. “Thanks,” I muttered, taking it. 
Sebastian nodded and sat on the edge of his desk. I wrapped my hands around the cup, more so savoring the warmth rather than drinking it, and looked up at him. 
“So,” I said. “What did you want to talk about?” 
Sebastian hesitated. His mouth opened once, then closed again, and he made a little sound of thought. 
“What is it?” I asked. 
“Sorry, it’s just… I’ve been trying to figure out how to say this for a few days,” he said. 
“Then say it.” 
He looked down at me. Something had softened in his expression, not entirely unlike the way he had 
looked at me at the banquet. 
My stomach dropped. 
Fuck. 
“I’m in love with you, Avery.” 
Fuck, fuck, fuck. 
“I know,” he said quickly before I could respond. “I know what you said yesterday about independence, and I know this is probably the last thing you want to hear right now. But I couldn’t go on forever without telling you how I feel, and now that Bjorn is sick again…” 
“Please don’t,” I whispered. 
If Sebastian heard me, then he didn’t show any indication. 
“I want to marry you,” he said. “And not just as a cover. I want to mark you, sever the bond with Gideon permanently. Then, you’d be free from him. And, of course, I’ll claim Bjorn as my heir. He would be fully accepted into this pack as my son. His sickness would resolve. He would be healthy. And when he comes of age, he’ll inherit Evergreen.” 
I stared at him. “He’s not your biological son.” 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
“I know he’s not, and I understand your concern. But first of all-I wouldn’t ask you to have another child, not unless that’s what you wanted. And even if you did, Bjorn would remain my heir regardless. He would never fight for his place here.” 
Silence fell after that. 
My breath came out slow and shaky, evidence of the effort it took to keep myself from hyperventilating. I set my coffee cup down very carefully and stared at the floor. 
It hurt more than I wanted to admit. I had just told Sebastian how I felt about my independence, and now … Now, he was using my son’s illness as a way to pull me into another arrangement. Not just a fake marriage, but a real one, complete with a mating mark and everything. 
He could delude himself into thinking that it would become something real all he wanted, but the truth was, I didn’t love Sebastian. And I had made up my mind when I told him I didn’t want to lean on a man 
anymore. 
How could he just… ignore that and make an offer like this? Not just accepting Bjorn as his heir, but wanting me too, all of me, despite everything I’d told him? 
I stood abruptly. Sebastian shot to his feet, too. “Avery-” 
“I need some air.” 
Sebastian called after me, but I didn’t look back as I turned and left. 
I ended up at the community garden more out of habit than anything else. My feet just took me there. It was overcast, the sky a low, flat grey that matched the mood I was in, and the garden was mostly empty at this hour except for Melissa, who was apparently always there. 
She looked up when she heard me coming and immediately seemed to notice my expression. 
“You look like you need to sit down,” she said, nodding at the trunk at the edge of her plot. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
GET IT 
X 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
###Buried Feelings Burn by Joseph King 450
Chapter 450 
She was right. I sat. She handed me a small basket of green beans and I got to work snapping the stems off, perhaps a little more violently than I should have. To her credit, she didn’t ask anything, and didn’t seem to mind when I shoved a couple of the beans into my mouth as I worked. 
Finally, about halfway through the basket, I couldn’t take it anymore. 
“Sebastian proposed.” 
Melissa didn’t look up from what she was doing. “And? Did you accept?” 
“I walked out.” I sighed. “He said he loved me. That he would mark me and claim Bjorn as his heir.” 
Melissa was quiet for a moment, moving down the row. “He’s been in love with you since about three weeks after you arrived,” she said. 
I looked at her. “Did he tell you that?” 
She smiled faintly. “He didn’t have to.” 
I shook my head and went back to my work. “I feel a little bad. Sebastian is a good man. Ten years ago, I might have jumped at the opportunity to be with someone like him. And Bjorn is sick, and this could fix everything, but…” 
“But you don’t love him,” she said. I shook my head, and she went on, “Sebastian is someone who loves very deeply. Very. Deeply.” Her smile turned a little bitter. “That’s the problem. He needs the same in return. He’ll care for you and Bjorn deeply, and you’ll never want for anything. But if the amount of love you give him doesn’t match up to what he wants, it’ll eat away at him.” 
Melissa stood and brushed the dirt off her hands. “Trust me. I know from experience.” 
“Right.” I set aside the green beans. “I’m sorry for bringing this up. I know you two were fated-” 
She waved her hand. “Don’t be sorry. I’m glad you came to me.” 
I tilted my head. “What happened between you two, if you don’t mind me asking? I mean, Sebastian 
mentioned it, but…” 
She shrugged. “I loved him, but not the way he wanted. Not the way he needed. And we were both miserable for a long time before we finally let each other go.” She knelt and began tugging at some weeds around a tomato plant. “You’re right: he is a good man. One of the best. But that is exactly why you shouldn’t marry him unless you’re certain.” 
I bit my lip, considering her words. 
“I’m not certain,” I muttered. 
Melissa glanced up at me. “Because your heart wants someone else.” 
My lips parted, but Melissa just smiled and went back to her work. 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
She was right, and that was the problem. I knew exactly what my heart wanted. Despite everything that had happened, there was no doubting the truth. 
Everything in me wanted Gideon, at the end of the day. Even if it was dangerous. 
That was why no other man had ever formed a connection with me. Not because of differences in biology, but because no one was him. Not any human man. Not Sebastian. 
But running back to Gideon right now was dangerous for so many reasons. I was already pushing the limit by giving in to my wolf’s urges during the full moon. 
Just then, my phone buzzed in my pocket. I pulled it out and saw Alpha Aldric’s name lighting up the 
screen. 
“Hello?” I answered. 
“Avery.” Aldric’s voice was different from the last time I had spoken to him. Lighter than usual. “Would today be a good day for you to come to my pack?” 
I sat up a little straighter. “Why? What happened?” 
“The little girl,” he said, and I could hear the smile in his voice. “She woke up this morning. Sat up in bed and asked for breakfast. All thanks to your medicine.” 
2/2 
Editorial Board
Editorial Board Our editorial team works behind the scenes to refine each chapter, maintain consistency, and deliver the best reading experience.
